<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20060317_10-K_edgar_data_1143566_0000950124-06-001315.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1034155</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>193195</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>6486</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>600510</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950124-06-001315.hdr.sgml : 20060317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060317160750
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950124-06-001315
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20051231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EVERGREENBANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001143566
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				912097262
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32915
		FILM NUMBER:		06696079

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 EASTLAKE AVENUE EAST
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98109
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2066284250

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 EASTLAKE AVENUE EAST
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98109

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 GphmUd5IBEAneIxyLWaJOkOX6oUCwGbE0xnnvIrDqOIdCUjFd6U9r0ar1NzCg3mk
 8LfKgyEwKWvw/dN++Xufmg==

 0000950124-06-001315.txt : 20060317

10-K
 1
 v16802e10vk.htm
 FORM 10-K

e10vk 

Table of Contents 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 10-K 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

(No Fee Required) 

Commission file
number 000-32915 

EvergreenBancorp, Inc. 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

Washington 

91-2097262 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

301 Eastlake Avenue East, Seattle, Washington 98109 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (ZIP Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

(206) 628-4250 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Act: 

None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
Act: 

Common Stock, no par value per share 

Indicate by checkmark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes No 

Indicate by checkmark if the Registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. Yes No 

Indicate by checkmark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding twelve
months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such requirements for the past
90 days. Yes
 No 

Indicate by checkmark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 405 of
Regulation S-K 229.405) is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of Registrant s knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any
amendment to this
Form 10-K. 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated
filer.

Large accelerated
filer Accelerated
filer Non-accelerated
filer 

Indicate by checkmark whether the Registrant is a shell company
(as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the
Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by
non-affiliates, based on the closing price as quoted on the OTC
Bulletin Board at June 30, 2005 (the last business day
of the most recent second fiscal quarter), was 26,587,849.

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s no par
value common stock as of March 15, 2006 was
2,000,467 shares.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Designated portions of the Proxy Statement for the 2006 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders (Part III, Items 10-14).

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

3 

Item 1. 

Business 

3 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

10 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

11 

Item 2. 

Properties 

11 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

12 

Item 4. 

Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
 Holders 

12 

PART II 

12 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

12 

Item 6. 

Selected Consolidated Financial Data 

14 

Item 7. 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

14 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
 About Market Risk 

33 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data 

33 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

60 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

60 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

60 

PART III 

60 

Item 10. 

Directors and Executive Officers of the
 Registrant 

60 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

60 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

61 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related
 Transactions 

61 

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

61 

PART IV 

61 

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement
 Schedules 

61 

SIGNATURES 

63 

EXHIBIT 21 
 EXHIBIT 23 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 
 EXHIBIT 32.1 
 EXHIBIT 32.2 

2

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Forward-Looking Information Statement 

This report contains certain forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended. EvergreenBancorp, Inc. Bancorp intends such forward-looking statements to
be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking
statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995 and is including this statement for purposes of
these safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements, which
are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans,
strategies, and expectations of the Company, are generally
identifiable by use of the words believe, 
 expect, intend, anticipate, 
 estimate, project, or similar
expressions. The Company s ability to predict results or
the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently
uncertain. Important factors which could cause actual results to
differ materially from the Company s expectation include,
but are not limited to: fluctuation in interest rates and loan
and deposit pricing, which could reduce the Company s net
interest margins, asset valuations, and expense expectations; a
deterioration in the economy or business conditions, either
nationally or in the Company s market areas, that could
increase credit-related losses and expenses; a national or local
disaster, including acts of terrorism; challenges the Company
may experience in retaining or replacing key executives or
employees in an effective manner; increases in defaults by
borrowers and other loan delinquencies resulting in increases in
the Company s provision for loan losses and related
expenses; higher than anticipated costs related to business
combinations and the integration of acquired businesses which
may be more difficult or expensive than expected, or slower than
expected earning assets growth which could extend anticipated
breakeven periods relating to such strategic expansion;
significant increases in competition; legislative or regulatory
changes applicable to bank holding companies or the
Company s banking or other subsidiaries; and possible
changes in tax rates, tax laws, or tax law interpretation. These
risks and uncertainties should be considered in evaluating
forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be
placed on such statements.

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

EvergreenBancorp, Inc. 

EvergreenBancorp, Inc. is a bank holding company organized under
the laws of the State of Washington. Bancorp was formed in 2001
pursuant to the reorganization of EvergreenBank the
Bank ), whereby the Bank became a wholly owned subsidiary
of Bancorp. This tax-free reorganization resulted in a
share-for-share exchange of stock whereby stockholders of the
Bank became stockholders of Bancorp. The bank holding company
structure provides flexibility for financing and growth, as well
as for acquiring or establishing other banking operations or
businesses related to banking. In May 2002, Bancorp formed
EvergreenBancorp Capital Trust I the Trust to
raise capital through a trust preferred securities offering.
Prior to 2003, the Trust was consolidated in the Company s
financial statements. Under current accounting guidance, the
Trust is no longer consolidated with the Company. Bancorp and
Bank are collectively referred to herein as the
Company. The terms we, us, and
 our refer to Bancorp, Bank or Trust where
applicable. Additional information regarding the Trust can be
found in Note 8, Borrowings and Junior Subordinated
Debt to the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

The Company remains committed to community banking and intends
to remain community-focused. In 2005, the Bank continued to
conduct its banking business in substantially the same manner as
in prior years. The Company continues to look for possible
acquisition opportunities that can offer both compatibility of
business operations and enhanced shareholder value. The
Board s philosophies and overall structure remain unchanged.

The Company s consolidated net income for 2005 was
 966,000, or 0.48 per basic share 0.47 per diluted share),
and its consolidated equity at December 31, 2005 was
 17,736,000, with 2,000,467 common shares outstanding and a book
value of 8.87 per share. At December 31, 2005, the Company
had total consolidated assets of approximately 249,192,000,
loans of approximately 189,188,000, and deposits of
approximately 199,890,000. For more information regarding the
Company s financial results, see Manage-

3

Table of Contents 

ment s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations and Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data of this
 10-K report.

EvergreenBank 

EvergreenBank is a Washington chartered commercial bank
organized in 1971 under the name Teachers State Bank with its
main office at 301 Eastlake Avenue East in Seattle Eastlake office). Since 1993, the Bank has opened
five additional offices located in Lynnwood, Bellevue, Federal
Way, and Seattle. Over the years, the Bank has changed its
business focus. In the late seventies, regulatory changes that
allowed credit unions to issue drafts against their
members share accounts created an opportunity for the
Bank. In 1977, the Bank began marketing a share draft system
that could process credit union s share drafts for the
Federal Reserve System. To reflect the Bank s growing
interest in consumer and commercial markets, and to clarify for
potential customers that the Bank s products and services
were not limited to teachers, in 1980, its name was
changed to EvergreenBank. In early 2000, because of
narrowing profit margins and increased competition in the check
clearing business, the Bank withdrew from that business and
management began to restructure the Bank s balance sheet
and focus primarily on its business in consumer and commercial
lending and deposits. The Bank now focuses on general commercial
banking business, offering commercial banking services to small
and medium-sized businesses, professionals, and retail customers
in its market area.

Market 

The Bank s primary market area consists of King, Pierce,
and Snohomish counties in western Washington. The Bank began its
operations in 1971 from its Eastlake office location in Seattle
and has since expanded its market with the addition of five
offices since 1993 within a
 25-mile radius of
Seattle.

Deposit accounts include certificates of deposit, individual
retirement accounts and other time deposits, checking and other
demand deposit accounts, interest-bearing checking accounts,
savings accounts, health savings accounts, and money market
accounts. Loans include commercial, real estate construction and
development, installment and consumer loans, and residential
real estate. Other products and services include merchant credit
card processing, financial planning and investment services,
cash management services, electronic funds transfers, electronic
tax payment, and safe deposit boxes. The Bank also offers
 24-hour telephone
banking, an ATM network, as well as Internet banking and bill
paying services.

Competition 

Commercial banking in the state of Washington is highly
competitive with respect to providing banking services,
including making loans and attracting deposits. The Bank
competes with other banks, as well as with savings and loan
associations, savings banks, credit unions, mortgage companies,
investment banks, insurance companies, securities brokerages,
and other financial institutions. Banking in Washington is
dominated by several large banking institutions, including
U.S. Bank, Wells Fargo Bank, Key Bank, Bank of America, and
Washington Mutual Bank, which together account for over
60 percent of the total commercial and savings bank
deposits in Washington. These competitors have significantly
greater financial resources and offer a greater number of branch
locations (with statewide branch networks), higher lending
limits, and a variety of services not offered by the Bank. In
addition, the Bank has experienced competition for both deposits
and loans from non-bank financial service providers,
such as brokerage firms, captive automobile financing and
equipment leasing companies.

The adoption of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 the
Financial Services Modernization Act in November 1999 has
led to further intensification of competition in the banking
industry. The Financial Services Modernization Act has
eliminated many of the barriers to affiliation among providers
of various types of financial services and has permitted
business combinations among financial providers such as banks,
insurance companies, securities or brokerage firms, and other
financial service providers. This has led to increased
competition in both the market for providing financial services
and in the market for acquisitions in which Bancorp also
participates.

4

Table of Contents 

In general, the financial services industry has experienced
widespread consolidation in recent years. The Company
anticipates that consolidation among financial institutions in
its market area will continue. Other financial institutions,
many with substantially greater resources, compete in the
acquisition market against the Company. Some of these
institutions, among other items, have greater access to capital
markets, larger cash reserves, and a more liquid currency than
the Company. Additionally, the rapid adoption of financial
services through the Internet has reduced the barrier to entry
by financial services providers physically located outside our
market area. Although the Company has been able to compete
effectively in the financial services business in its markets to
date, there can be no assurance that it will be able to continue
to do so in the future.

Employees 

On December 31, 2005, the Bank employed 64 full-time
employees and 2 part-time employees. Employees are not
represented by any collective bargaining agreement. Management
considers its relations with employees to be good.

EvergreenBancorp Capital Trust I 

On May 23, 2002, Bancorp completed an issuance of
 5 million in trust preferred securities through a newly
formed special purpose business trust, EvergreenBancorp Capital
Trust I. The securities were sold in a private placement
pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

Under the terms of the transaction, the trust preferred
securities have a maturity of 30 years and the holders are
entitled to receive cumulative cash distributions on a quarterly
basis at a variable annual rate, reset quarterly, equal to the
three month LIBOR plus 3.50 percent. The securities are not
redeemable until 2007 except in the event of certain special
redemption events. Most of the proceeds from the sale of the
securities were contributed to the Bank as Tier 1 capital
to support lending and other operations.

SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 

General 

We are extensively regulated under federal and state law. These
laws and regulations are primarily intended to protect
depositors, not shareholders. The discussion below describes and
summarizes certain statutes and regulations. These descriptions
and summaries are qualified in their entirety by reference to
the particular statute or regulation. Changes in applicable laws
or regulations may have a material effect on our business and
prospects. Our operations may also be affected by changes in the
policies of banking and other government regulators. We cannot
accurately predict the nature or extent of the possible future
effects on our business and earnings of changes in fiscal or
monetary policies, or new federal or state laws and regulations.

Federal Bank Holding Company Regulation 

General. The Company is a bank holding company as defined
in the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and is
therefore subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by
the Federal Reserve. In general, the Bank Holding Company Act
limits the business of bank holding companies to owning or
controlling banks and engaging in other activities closely
related to banking. The Company must also file reports with the
Federal Reserve and must provide it with such additional
information as it may require. Under the Financial Services
Modernization Act of 1999, a bank holding company may apply to
the Federal Reserve to become a financial holding company, and
thereby engage (directly or through a subsidiary) in certain
expanded activities deemed financial in nature, such as
securities brokerage and insurance underwriting.

Holding Company Bank Ownership. The Bank Holding Company
Act requires every bank holding company to obtain the prior
approval of the Federal Reserve before (1) acquiring,
directly or indirectly, ownership or control of any voting
shares of another bank or bank holding company if, after such
acquisition, it

5

Table of Contents 

would own or control more than 5 of such shares,
(2) acquiring all or substantially all of the assets of
another bank or bank holding company, or (3) merging or
consolidating with another bank holding company.

Holding Company Control of Nonbanks. With some
exceptions, the Bank Holding Company Act also prohibits a bank
holding company from acquiring or retaining direct or indirect
ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any
company which is not a bank or bank holding company, or from
engaging directly or indirectly in activities other than those
of banking, managing or controlling banks, or providing services
for its subsidiaries. The principal exceptions to these
prohibitions involve certain non-bank activities which, by
statute or by Federal Reserve regulation or order, have been
identified as activities closely related to the business of
banking or of managing or controlling banks.

Transactions with Affiliates. Subsidiary banks of a bank
holding company are subject to restrictions imposed by the
Federal Reserve Act on extensions of credit to the holding
company or its subsidiaries, on investments in their securities,
and on the use of their securities as collateral for loans to
any borrower. These regulations and restrictions may limit the
Company s ability to obtain funds from the Bank for its
cash needs, including funds for payment of dividends, interest,
and operational expenses.

Tying Arrangements. We are prohibited from engaging in
certain tie-in arrangements in connection with any extension of
credit, sale or lease of property, or furnishing of services.
For example, with certain exceptions, neither the Company nor
the Bank may condition an extension of credit to a customer on
either (1) a requirement that the customer obtain
additional services provided by us or (2) an agreement by
the customer to refrain from obtaining other services from a
competitor.

Support of Subsidiary Banks. Under Federal Reserve
policy, the Company is expected to act as a source of financial
and managerial strength to the Bank. This means that the Company
is required to commit, as necessary, resources to support the
Bank. Any capital loans a bank holding company makes to its
subsidiary banks are subordinate to deposits and to certain
other indebtedness of those subsidiary banks.

State Law Restrictions. As a Washington corporation, the
Company is subject to certain limitations and restrictions under
applicable Washington corporate law. For example, state law
restrictions in Washington include limitations and restrictions
relating to indemnification of directors, distributions to
shareholders, transactions involving directors, officers, or
interested shareholders, maintenance of books, records, and
minutes, and observance of certain corporate formalities.

Federal and State Regulation of EvergreenBank 

General. The Bank is a Washington chartered commercial
bank with deposits insured by the FDIC. As a result, the Bank is
subject to supervision and regulation by the Washington State
Department of Financial Institutions, Division of Banks and the
FDIC. These agencies have the authority to prohibit banks from
engaging in what they believe constitute unsafe or unsound
banking practices.

Community Reinvestment. The Community Reinvestment Act
requires that, in connection with examinations of financial
institutions within their jurisdiction, the Federal Reserve or
the FDIC evaluate the record of the financial institution in
meeting the credit needs of its local communities, including low
and moderate income neighborhoods, consistent with the safe and
sound operation of the institution. These factors are also
considered in evaluating mergers, acquisitions, and applications
to open a branch or facility.

Insider Credit Transactions. Banks are also subject to
certain restrictions imposed by the Federal Reserve Act on
extensions of credit to executive officers, directors, principal
shareholders, or any related interests of such persons.
Extensions of credit (1) must be made on substantially the
same terms, including interest rates and collateral as, and
follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less
stringent than, those prevailing at the time for comparable
transactions with persons not covered above, and (2) must
not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present
other unfavorable features. Banks are also subject to certain
lending limits and restrictions on overdrafts to insiders. A
violation of these restrictions may result in the assessment of
substantial civil monetary penalties, the imposition of a cease
and desist order, and other regulatory sanctions.

6

Table of Contents 

Regulation of Management. Federal law (1) sets forth
circumstances under which officers or directors of a bank may be
removed by the institution s federal supervisory agency;
(2) places restraints on lending by a bank to its executive
officers, directors, principal shareholders, and their related
interests; and (3) prohibits management personnel of a bank
from serving as a director or in a management position of
another financial institution whose assets exceed a specified
amount or which has an office within a specified geographic area.

Safety and Soundness Standards. Federal law imposes upon
banks certain non-capital safety and soundness standards. These
standards cover, among other things, internal controls,
information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation,
credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth,
compensation, and benefits. Additional standards apply to asset
quality, earnings, and stock valuation. An institution that
fails to meet these standards must develop a plan acceptable to
its regulators, specifying the steps that the institution will
take to meet the standards. Failure to submit or implement such
a plan may subject the institution to regulatory sanctions.

Interstate Banking and Branching 

The Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act
of 1994 Interstate Act permits nationwide
interstate banking and branching under certain circumstances.
This legislation generally authorizes interstate branching and
relaxes federal law restrictions on interstate banking.
Currently, bank holding companies may purchase banks in any
state, and states may not prohibit these purchases.
Additionally, banks are permitted to merge with banks in other
states, as long as the home state of neither merging bank has
opted out under the legislation. The Interstate Act requires
regulators to consult with community organizations before
permitting an interstate institution to close a branch in a
low-income area.

FDIC regulations prohibit banks from using their interstate
branches primarily for deposit production. The FDIC has
implemented a
 loan-to -deposit ratio
screen to ensure compliance with this prohibition.

Washington enacted opting in legislation in
accordance with the Interstate Act, allowing banks to engage in
interstate merger transactions, subject to certain
 aging requirements. Until recently, Washington
restricted out-of-state banks from opening de novo branches,
however, in 2005, Washington interstate branching laws were
amended so that an out-of-state bank may, subject to the
Director s approval, open de novo branches in Washington or
acquire an in-state branch so long as the home state of the
out-of-state bank has reciprocal laws with respect to de novo
branching or branch acquisitions. Once an out-of-state bank has
acquired a bank within Washington, either through merger or
acquisition of all or substantially all of the bank s
assets or through authorized de novo branching, the out-of-state
bank may open additional branches within the state.

Deposit Insurance 

The Bank s deposits are currently insured to a maximum of
 100,000 per depositor (in some instances up to 100,000 per
deposit account, depending on the ownership category of the
account) through the Bank Insurance Fund administered by the
FDIC. The Bank is required to pay deposit insurance premiums,
which are assessed semiannually and paid quarterly. The premium
amount is based upon a risk classification system established by
the FDIC. Banks with higher levels of capital and a low degree
of supervisory concern are assessed lower premiums than banks
with lower levels of capital or a higher degree of supervisory
concern. Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Reform Act of 2005,
the Bank Insurance Fund will be merged with the Savings
Association Insurance Fund into a new Deposit Insurance Fund,
and the maximum deposit insurance amounts will be subject to
inflation adjustments every five years, commencing April, 2010.

The FDIC is also empowered to make special assessments on
insured depository institutions in amounts determined by the
FDIC to be necessary to give it adequate assessment income to
repay amounts borrowed from the U.S. Treasury and other
sources or for any other purpose the FDIC deems necessary.

7

Table of Contents 

Dividends 

The principal source of Bancorp s cash reserves is
dividends received from the Bank. The payment of dividends is
subject to government regulation, in that regulatory authorities
may prohibit banks and bank holding companies from paying
dividends in a manner that would constitute an unsafe or unsound
banking practice. In addition, a bank may not pay cash dividends
if doing so would reduce the amount of its capital below that
necessary to meet minimum applicable regulatory capital
requirements. State laws also limit a bank s ability to pay
dividends.

Capital Adequacy 

Regulatory Capital Guidelines. Federal bank regulatory
agencies use capital adequacy guidelines in the examination and
regulation of bank holding companies and banks. The guidelines
are risk-based, meaning that they are designed to
make capital requirements more sensitive to differences in risk
profiles among banks and bank holding companies.

Tier 1 and Tier 2 Capital. Under the
guidelines, an institution s capital is divided into two
broad categories, Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital.
Tier 1 capital generally consists of common
stockholders equity, surplus, and undivided profits.
Tier 2 capital generally consists of the allowance for loan
losses, hybrid capital instruments, and term subordinated debt.
The sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital
represents an institution s total capital. The guidelines
require that at least 50 of an institution s total capital
consist of Tier 1 capital.

Risk-Based Capital Ratios. The adequacy of an
institution s capital is gauged primarily with reference to
the institution s risk-weighted assets. The guidelines
assign risk weightings to an institution s assets in an
effort to quantify the relative risk of each asset and to
determine the minimum capital required to support that risk. An
institution s risk-weighted assets are then compared with
its Tier 1 capital and total capital to arrive at a
Tier 1 risk-based ratio and a total risk-based ratio,
respectively. The guidelines provide that an institution must
have a minimum Tier 1 risk-based ratio of 4 and a minimum
total risk-based ratio of 8 .

Leverage Ratio. The guidelines also employ a leverage
ratio, which is Tier 1 capital as a percentage of total
assets, less intangibles. The principal objective of the
leverage ratio is to constrain the maximum degree to which a
bank holding company may leverage its equity capital base. The
minimum leverage ratio is 3 ; however, for all but the most
highly rated bank holding companies and for bank holding
companies seeking to expand, regulators expect an additional
cushion of at least 1 to 2 .

Prompt Corrective Action. Under the guidelines, an
institution is assigned to one of five capital categories
depending on its total risk-based capital ratio, Tier 1
risk-based capital ratio, and leverage ratio, together with
certain subjective factors. The categories range from
 well-capitalized to critically
undercapitalized. Institutions that are
 undercapitalized or lower are subject to certain
mandatory supervisory corrective actions.

Corporate Governance and Accounting Legislation 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 the Act addresses corporate and accounting
fraud. The Act established a new accounting oversight board to
enforce auditing standards and restricted the scope of services
that accounting firms may provide to their public company audit
clients. Among other things, the Act also (i) requires
chief executive officers and chief financial officers to certify
to the accuracy of periodic reports filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission the SEC (ii) imposes
new disclosure requirements regarding internal controls,
off-balance-sheet transactions, and pro forma (non-GAAP)
disclosures; (iii) accelerates the time frame for reporting
of insider transactions and periodic disclosures by public
companies; and (iv) requires companies to disclose whether
or not they have adopted a code of ethics for senior financial
officers and whether the audit committee includes at least one
 audit committee financial expert. 

The Act also requires the SEC, based on certain enumerated
factors, to regularly and systematically review corporate
filings. To deter wrongdoing, the Act: (i) subjects bonuses
issued to top executives to

8

Table of Contents 

disgorgement if a restatement of a company s financial
statements was due to corporate misconduct; (ii) prohibits
an officer or director from misleading or coercing an auditor;
(iii) prohibits insider trades during pension fund
 blackout periods; (iv) imposes new criminal
penalties for fraud and other wrongful acts; and
(v) extends the period during which certain securities
fraud lawsuits can be brought against a company or its officers.

As a publicly reporting company, we are subject to the
requirements of the Act and related rules and regulations issued
by the SEC. Currently, the SEC granted an extension to comply
with the reporting requirements of Section 404 to 2007. We
anticipate that we will incur additional expense, including
ongoing compliance with Section 404, as a result of the
Act, but we do not expect that such compliance will have a
material impact on our business.

Anti-Terrorism Legislation 

USA PATRIOT Act of 2001. The Uniting and Strengthening
America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and
Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 USA Patriot Act is
intended to combat terrorism. Among other things, the USA
PATRIOT Act (1) prohibits banks from providing
correspondent accounts directly to foreign shell banks,
(2) imposes due diligence requirements on banks opening or
holding accounts for foreign financial institutions or wealthy
foreign individuals, (3) requires financial institutions to
establish an anti-money-laundering compliance program, and
(4) eliminates civil liability for persons who file
suspicious activity reports. The Act also increases governmental
powers to investigate terrorism, including expanded government
access to account records. The Department of the Treasury is
empowered to administer and make rules to implement the Act.
While we believe the USA PATRIOT Act may, to some degree, affect
our recordkeeping and reporting expenses, we do not believe that
the Act will have a material adverse effect on our business and
operations.

Financial Services Modernization 

Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999. The Financial Services
Modernization Act of 1999, also known as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley
Act, brought about significant changes to the laws affecting
banks and bank holding companies. Generally, the Act
(i) repealed the historical restrictions on preventing
banks from affiliating with securities firms; (ii) provided
a uniform framework for the activities of banks, savings
institutions, and their holding companies; (iii) broadened
the activities that may be conducted by national banks and
banking subsidiaries of bank holding companies;
(iv) provided an enhanced framework for protecting the
privacy of consumer information; and (v) addressed a
variety of other legal and regulatory issues affecting both
day-to-day operations and long-term activities of financial
institutions.

Bank holding companies that qualify and elect to become
financial holding companies can engage in a wider variety of
financial activities than permitted under previous law,
particularly with respect to insurance and securities
underwriting activities. In addition, in a change from previous
law, bank holding companies will be in a position to be owned,
controlled or acquired by any company engaged in financially
related activities, so long as the company meets certain
regulatory requirements. The act also permits national banks
(and, in states with wildcard statutes, certain state banks),
either directly or through operating subsidiaries, to engage in
certain non-banking financial activities.

We do not believe that the act will negatively affect our
operations in the short term, however, to the extent the
legislation permits banks, securities firms, and insurance
companies to affiliate, the financial services industry may
experience further consolidation. This consolidation could
result in a growing number of larger financial institutions that
offer a wider variety of financial services than we currently
offer, and these companies may be able to aggressively compete
in the markets we currently serve.

Effects of Government Monetary Policy 

Our earnings and growth are affected not only by general
economic conditions, but also by the fiscal and monetary
policies of the federal government, particularly the Federal
Reserve. The Federal Reserve can and does implement national
monetary policy for such purposes as curbing inflation and
combating recession. Its

9

Table of Contents 

open market operations in U.S. government securities, control of
the discount rate applicable to borrowings from the Federal
Reserve, and establishment of reserve requirements against
certain deposits influence the growth of bank loans,
investments, and deposits, and also affect interest rates
charged on loans or paid on deposits. The nature and impact of
future changes in monetary policies and their impact on us
cannot be predicted with certainty.

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

Our business exposes us to certain risks. The following is a
discussion of what management believes are currently the most
significant risks and uncertainties that may affect our
business, financial condition, and future results.

Fluctuating interest rates can adversely affect our
profitability 

Our profitability is dependent to a large extent upon net
interest income, which is the difference (or spread between the interest earned on loans, securities, and other
interest-earning assets, and interest paid on deposits,
borrowings, and other interest-bearing liabilities. Because of
the differences in maturities and repricing characteristics of
our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities,
changes in interest rates do not produce equivalent changes in
interest income earned on interest-earning assets and interest
paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Accordingly, fluctuations
in interest rates could adversely affect our interest rate
spread, and, in turn, our profitability. We cannot make
assurances that we can minimize our interest rate risk. In
addition, interest rates also affect the amount of money we can
lend. When interest rates rise, the cost of borrowing also
increases. Accordingly, changes in levels of market interest
rates could materially and adversely affect our net interest
spread, asset quality, loan origination volume, business, and
prospects. We assess rate risk by various means including
analysis of financial data and by modeling the impact of rate
changes on financial performance. Current information suggests
that the Company is slightly asset-sensitive, 
suggesting that rising interest rates may tend to increase net
interest income and improve profits, and that falling interest
rates would have the opposite effect. See page 32 for
further discussion and analysis of interest rate risk.

Our allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover
actual loan losses, which could adversely affect our earnings 

We maintain an allowance for loan losses in an amount that we
believe is adequate to provide for probable incurred losses in
the portfolio. While we strive to carefully monitor credit
quality and to identify loans that may become nonperforming, at
any time there are loans included in the portfolio that will
result in losses, but that have not been identified as
nonperforming or potential problem loans. We cannot be sure that
we will be able to identify deteriorating loans before they
become nonperforming assets, or that we will be able to limit
losses on those loans that are identified. As a result, future
additions to the allowance may be necessary. Additionally,
future additions to the allowance may be required based on
changes in the loans comprising the portfolio and changes in the
financial condition of borrowers, such as may result from
changes in economic conditions, or as a result of incorrect
assumptions by management in determining the allowance.
Furthermore, federal banking regulators, as an integral part of
their supervisory function, periodically review our allowance
for loan losses. These regulatory agencies may require us to
recognize further loan charge-offs based upon their judgments,
which may be different from ours. Any increase in the allowance
for loan losses could have a negative effect on our financial
condition and results of operation.

Our loan portfolio contains a high percentage of commercial
and commercial real estate loans in relation to our total loans
and total assets 

Commercial and commercial real estate loans generally are viewed
as having more risk of default than residential real estate
loans or certain other types of loans or investments. These
types of loans also typically are larger than residential real
estate loans and other commercial loans. Because the loan
portfolio contains a significant number of commercial and
commercial real estate loans with relatively large balances, the
deterioration of one or a few of these loans may cause a
significant increase in nonperforming loans. An increase in
nonperforming loans could result in: a loss of earnings from
these loans; an increase in the provision

10

Table of Contents 

for loan losses; or an increase in loan charge-offs, which could
have an adverse impact on our results of operations and
financial condition.

An economic downturn in the market area we serve may cause us
to have lower earnings and could increase our credit risk
associated with our loan portfolio 

The inability of borrowers to repay loans can erode our
earnings. Substantially all of our loans are to businesses and
individuals in the Seattle, Bellevue, Lynnwood, and Federal Way
communities, and any decline in the economy of this market area
could impact us adversely. As a lender, we are exposed to the
risk that our customers will be unable to repay their loans in
accordance with their terms, and that any collateral securing
the payment of their loans may not be sufficient to assure
repayment.

Competition in our market area may limit our future
success 

Commercial banking is a highly competitive business. We compete
with other commercial banks, savings and loan associations,
credit unions, and finance companies operating in our market
area. We are subject to substantial competition for loans and
deposits from other financial institutions. Some of our
competitors are not subject to the same degree of regulation and
restriction as we are. Some of our competitors have greater
financial resources than we do. We compete for funds with other
financial institutions that, in most cases, are significantly
larger and able to provide a greater variety of services than we
do and thus may obtain deposits at lower rates of interest. If
we are unable to effectively compete in our market area, our
business and results of operations could be adversely affected.

There are restrictions on changes in control of the Company
that could decrease our shareholders chance to realize a
premium on their shares 

As a Washington corporation, we are subject to various
provisions of the Washington Business Corporation Act that
impose restrictions on certain takeover offers and business
combinations, such as combinations with interested shareholders
and share repurchases from certain shareholders. Provisions in
our Articles of Incorporation governing a staggered Board could
have the effect of hindering, delaying, or preventing a takeover
bid. These provisions may inhibit takeover bids and could
decrease the chance of shareholders realizing a premium over
market price for their shares as a result of the takeover bid.

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

There were no unresolved staff comments as of December 31,
2005.

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

The Bank conducts business from six leased office locations: the
Eastlake office at 301 Eastlake Avenue East, northeast of
downtown Seattle; the South Lake Union office at
307 Westlake Avenue North, northwest of downtown Seattle;
the downtown Seattle office at 1111 Third Avenue, Seattle;
the Lynnwood office located at 2502 196th Street Southwest,
Lynnwood; the Bellevue office located at 110 110th Avenue
Northeast, Bellevue; and the Federal Way office located at
1300 South 320th Street, Federal Way.

The Company leases premises and parking facilities for the
Eastlake and Lynnwood offices from PEMCO Mutual Insurance
Company, under leases expiring from March 31, 2006 to
March 31, 2007. The Company leases the Federal Way, South
Lake Union, Bellevue, and downtown Seattle premises from other
parties and those leases expire June 30, 2008,
August 31, 2009, May 31, 2011, and April 30,
2015, respectively. See Note 14 Leases to the
consolidated financial statements.

Items of furniture, fixtures, and equipment are purchased as
needed by the Bank. The Bank is responsible for maintenance,
repairs, operating expenses, and insurance.

11

Table of Contents 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

Bancorp and the Bank from time to time may be parties to various
legal actions arising in the normal course of business.
Management believes that there is no proceeding threatened or
pending against Bancorp or the Bank which, if determined
adversely, would have a material adverse effect on the
consolidated financial condition or results of operations of the
Company.

Item 4. 
 
 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders in the
fourth quarter of 2005.

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
 Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity
 Securities 

Bancorp s common stock is traded on the OTC Bulletin Board
under the symbol EVGG. As of March 13, 2006,
there were 618 holders of record of Bancorp s common stock,
and an estimated 343 holders of its stock in street
name by brokerage firms.

The table below shows, for the periods indicated, the reported
high and low closing sale prices and cash dividends paid
(adjusted to reflect the five-for-four stock split in November
2004 and the four-for-three stock split in October 2005).

2005 
 
 2004 

Cash 

Cash 

Dividend 
 
 High 
 
 Low 
 
 Dividend 
 
 High 
 
 Low 

First Quarter

0.056 

13.09 

12.11 

0.048 

11.06 

10.83 

Second Quarter

0.056 

14.07 

11.80 

0.048 

10.83 

10.42 

Third Quarter

0.056 

14.68 

13.07 

0.048 

11.06 

10.45 

Fourth Quarter

0.060 

16.93 

13.49 

0.048 

13.50 

10.97 

Holders of common stock are entitled to receive such dividends
as may be declared by the Board of Directors from time to time
and paid out of funds legally available. Because the
Company s consolidated net income consists largely of the
net income of the Bank, Bancorp s ability to pay dividends
depends upon its receipt of dividends from the Bank. The
Bank s ability to pay dividends is regulated by banking
statutes. See Supervision and Regulation 
Dividends in Part I. The declaration of dividends by
Bancorp is discretionary and depends on Bancorp s earnings
and financial condition, regulatory limitations, tax
considerations, and other factors. In January 2004, the Board of
Directors approved the move to quarterly dividends rather than
annual. While the Board of Directors expects to continue to
declare dividends, there can be no assurance that dividends will
be paid in the future.

Investor information, including Bancorp filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission and press releases, are
available on Bancorp s website at www.EvergreenBancorp.com,
or by written request to EvergreenBancorp, Inc.,
301 Eastlake Avenue East, Seattle, Washington, 98109,
Attention: Investor Relations.

Inquiries regarding stock transfers should be directed to
Computershare Trust Company, Inc., 350 Indiana Street
Suite 800, Golden, Colorado 80401,
(800) 962-4284.

No shares of common stock were repurchased by Bancorp during the
fourth quarter of 2005.

12

Table of Contents 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

We currently maintain one compensation plan that provides for
the issuance of the Company s common stock to officers and
other employees, directors, and consultants. The Company s
Amended 2000 Stock Option Plan was approved by the shareholders.
The following table sets forth information regarding outstanding
options and shares reserved for future issuance under the plan
as of December 31, 2005:

Number of Shares 

Number of Shares 

Remaining Available for 

to be Issued 
 
 Weighted-Average 
 
 Future Issuance Under 

upon Exercise of 
 
 Exercise Price of 
 
 Equity Compensation 

Outstanding Options 
 
 Outstanding Options, 
 
 Plans (Excluding Shares 

Warrants and Rights 
 
 Warrants and Rights 
 
 Reflected in Column (a)) 

Plan Category 
 
 (a) 
 
 (b) 
 
 (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders(1)

228,250 

9.32 

68,675 

Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Total

228,250 

9.32 

68,675 

(1) 
 
 Amounts have been adjusted to reflect all applicable stock
 splits and dividends paid on the Company s common stock. 

13

Table of Contents 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Consolidated Financial Data 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

(In thousands, except per share and ratio data) 

INCOME STATEMENT DATA

Net interest income

10,263 

9,102 

8,200 

8,337 

7,714 

Provision for loan losses

423 

321 

233 

330 

479 

Noninterest income

1,693 

1,709 

1,755 

1,537 

1,807 

Noninterest expense

10,150 

8,602 

8,196 

7,521 

7,213 

Net income

966 

1,282 

1,036 

1,343 

1,240 

PER SHARE DATA(1)

Earnings per common share

0.48 

0.64 

0.52 

0.68 

0.62 

Diluted earnings per common share

0.47 

0.63 

0.52 

0.68 

0.62 

Dividends declared per common share

0.228 

0.192 

0.185 

0.086 

0.080 

BALANCE SHEET DATA

Total loans

189,188 

159,656 

138,468 

121,509 

122,219 

Allowance for loan losses

2,056 

1,887 

1,636 

1,690 

1,498 

Real estate owned

2,659 

Total assets

249,192 

209,630 

194,556 

169,926 

156,365 

Total deposits

199,890 

173,801 

152,683 

132,174 

130,344 

Total long-term debt

28,849 

16,067 

20,381 

16,783 

4,005 

Stockholders equity

17,736 

17,485 

16,583 

15,960 

14,738 

SELECTED FINANCIAL RATIOS

Return on average assets

0.45 

0.66 

0.60 

0.82 

0.83 

Return on average equity

5.51 

7.58 

6.42 

8.84 

8.50 

Dividend payout ratio

47.31 

29.80 

35.33 

12.51 

13.39 

Average equity to average assets

8.16 

8.71 

9.29 

9.31 

9.70 

Net interest margin (tax equivalent)

5.15 

5.02 

5.02 

5.48 

5.52 

Allowance for loan losses to total loans at the end of year

1.09 

1.18 

1.18 

1.39 

1.23 

Nonperforming loans to total loans at the end of year(2)

0.61 

0.14 

0.46 

0.66 

0.95 

Net loans charged off to average total loans

0.16 

0.05 

0.24 

0.11 

0.26 

(1) 
 
 All per share amounts have been adjusted to reflect all
 applicable stock splits and dividends paid on the Company s
 common stock. 

(2) 
 
 Nonperforming loans include nonaccrual loans, and other loans
 90 days or more past due. 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations 

General 

Bancorp is a Washington chartered bank holding company formed in
2001 and headquartered in Seattle, Washington. Bancorp has as
its primary business activity ownership of EvergreenBank. The
Bank s principal business is personal and business banking.
Services offered include commercial, real estate and consumer
lending; savings, checking and certificate of deposit accounts;
health savings accounts; financial planning and

14

Table of Contents 

investment services; ATM network; Internet banking; cash
management services; and merchant credit card processing
services. EvergreenBank operates six offices in Washington
located in Seattle, Bellevue, Lynnwood, and Federal Way. The
Bank s newest locations include the South Lake Union
office, which opened in November of 2004, and the Third and
Seneca office, which opened in downtown Seattle in June of 2005.
Generally speaking, new branches have a negative impact on
earnings in the short term until they reach a level of assets to
support the initial overhead expenses incurred.

The Bank s results of operations primarily depend on net
interest income, which is the difference between interest income
on loans and investments and interest expense on deposits and
borrowed funds. The Bank s operating results are also
affected by loan fees, service charges on deposit accounts, net
merchant credit card processing fees, gains from sales of loans
and investments, and other noninterest income. Operating
expenses of the Bank include employee compensation and benefits,
occupancy and equipment costs, data processing, professional
fees, marketing, state and local taxes, federal deposit
insurance premiums, and other administrative expenses.

The Bank s results of operations are further affected by
economic and competitive conditions, particularly changes in
market interest rates. Results are also affected by monetary and
fiscal policies of federal agencies, and actions of regulatory
authorities.

The following discussion should be read along with the
accompanying financial statements and notes. All share and
per-share information in this annual report has been restated to
give retroactive effect to all applicable stock splits and
dividends paid on the Company s stock. In the following
discussion, unless otherwise noted, references to increases or
decreases in balances for a particular period or date refer to
the comparison with corresponding amounts for the period or date
one year earlier.

Forward-Looking Statements 

In addition to historical information, the following
management s discussion and analysis contains certain
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
The Company s actual results could differ significantly
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a
result of certain factors discussed elsewhere in this report,
including changes in interest rates, economic conditions,
competition, requirements of regulators, and the demand for
financial products and services in the Company s market
area. These risks and uncertainties should be considered in
evaluating forward-looking statements, and undue reliance should
not be placed on such statements.

Further information concerning the Company and its business,
including additional factors that could materially affect its
financial results, is included in the Company s filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reports and
additional information, including Company press releases, can be
found on the Bancorp s website at www.EvergreenBancorp.com.

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires
management to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, including
contingent amounts, at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. Management has identified certain policies as being
particularly sensitive in terms of judgments and the extent to
which estimates are used. The policies relate to the
determination of the allowance for loan losses, other real
estate owned, and the fair value of financial instruments, as
described in further detail below, and in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto
contained in this
Form 10-K. 
Management believes that the judgments, estimates, and
assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements
are appropriate given the factual circumstances at the time,
however, given the sensitivity of the financial statements to
these critical accounting policies, estimates, and assumptions,
material differences in the results of operations or financial
condition could result.

15

Table of Contents 

Allowance for Loan Losses. The allowance for loan losses
is a valuation allowance for probable incurred credit losses.
Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management
believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed.
Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance.
Management estimates the allowance balance required using past
loan loss experience, the nature and volume of the portfolio,
information about specific borrower situations and estimated
collateral values, economic conditions, and other factors.
Allocations of the allowance may be made for specific loans, but
the entire allowance is available for any loan that, in
management s judgment, should be charged off.

The allowance consists of specific and general components. The
specific component relates to loans that are individually
classified as impaired or loans otherwise classified as
substandard or doubtful. The general component covers
non-classified loans and is based on historical loss experience
adjusted for current factors.

A loan is impaired when full payment under the loan terms is not
expected. Commercial and commercial real estate loans are
individually evaluated for impairment. If a loan is impaired, a
portion of the allowance is allocated so that the loan is
reported, net, at the present value of estimated future cash
flows using the loan s existing rate or at the fair value
of collateral if repayment is expected solely from the
collateral. Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans,
such as consumer and residential real estate loans, are
collectively evaluated for impairment, and accordingly, they are
not separately identified for impairment disclosures.

Management recognizes a certain level of imprecision exists in
the manner in which the allowance for loan losses is calculated,
owing to intangible factors.

Finally, management regularly monitors the performance of the
loan portfolio with regard to levels of criticized and
classified loans, as well as assessing regional economic factors
which may impact the loan portfolio. This provides additional
information for management s regular evaluation of the
allowance.

Temporary Decline in Fair Value of Securities. Under
current accounting rules, declines in the fair value of
securities below their cost that are other-than-temporary are
reflected as realized losses. In determining whether an
unrealized loss is considered other-than-temporary, management
considers: (1) the length of time and extent that fair
value has been less than cost; (2) the financial condition
and near term prospects of the issuer; and (3) the
Company s ability and intent to hold the security for a
period sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair
values. In management s view, the decline in market value
of the securities that were below amortized cost at
December 31, 2005 does not represent other-than-temporary
impairment, and thus no loss was recognized on the income
statement. Additional information regarding these securities can
be found in Note 3, Securities to the notes to
consolidated financial statements.

Overview 

The profitability of the Company s operations depends
primarily on the net interest income from its banking operations
and investment activities, the provision for losses on loans,
noninterest income, noninterest expense, and income tax expense.
Net interest income is the difference between the income the
Company receives on its loan and investment portfolios and its
cost of funds, which consists of interest paid on deposits and
borrowings. The provision for loan losses reflects the cost of
credit risk in the Company s loan portfolio. Noninterest
income includes service charges on deposit accounts, net
merchant credit card processing fees, gains from sales of loans
and investment securities, and investment services commissions.
Noninterest expense includes operating costs such as salaries
and employee benefits, occupancy and equipment, data processing,
professional fees, marketing, state and local taxes, and other
administrative expense.

Net interest income is dependent on the amounts and yields on
interest-earning assets as compared to the amounts and rates on
interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is sensitive
to changes in market rates of interest and the Company s
asset/ liability management procedures in dealing with such
changes.

The provision for loan losses is dependent on management s
assessment of the collectibility of the loan portfolio under
current economic conditions. Other expenses are influenced by
the growth of operations, with additional employees necessary to
staff and operate new banking offices and marketing expenses
necessary to promote them. Growth in the number of account
relationships directly affects expenses such as technology
costs, supplies, postage, and miscellaneous expenses.

16

Table of Contents 

In 2005, national and regional economic conditions continued to
improve, real estate values rose, and short-term interest rates
continued to increase. The Federal Reserve Bank sustained its
 measured pace of rate increases, moving the federal
funds target rate in 0.25 percent increments, a process
that began in May of 2004 with the rate at 1.00 percent. By
year-end 2004, the federal funds target rate reached
2.25 percent and 2005 FRB actions further increased this
key rate to 4.25 percent by year-end 2005. Despite the
increase in short-term rates engineered by the Federal Reserve,
long term interest rates stayed at historically low levels, and
continued to prompt borrowers to refinance loans. Loan totals
during the first half of the year increased only slightly as
loan originations were offset by loan refinancing and payoffs.
During the second half of the year, loan totals increased as a
result of favorable loan demand, plus the benefits of an
increased number of office locations and qualified lending
personnel. Loan totals also reflect the purchase of 13,882,000
of residential real estate loans from a mortgage broker. By the
end of 2005, loan totals had reached 189,188,000, up
 39,600,000 or 18.50 percent over the prior year-end and
deposit totals increased 26,100,000, up 15.01 percent, and
ending 2005 at a record 199,890,000. The net interest margin
improved to average 5.15 percent in 2005 compared to
5.02 percent in 2004. Credit quality was favorable as the
ratio of nonperforming loans to total loans, although higher
than the prior year, stayed at low levels, with nonperforming
loans as a ratio of total loans at 0.61 percent compared
with 0.14 percent last year. Net income declined
24.65 percent to 966,000 or 0.47 per diluted share,
compared to 1,282,000 or 0.63 per diluted share. The main
reason for the decrease in profits was higher operating costs
resulting from new offices and personnel, which were not fully
offset by higher net interest income due to growth in loans, and
improved net interest margins.

Capital activities in 2005 included quarterly cash dividends
paid in February, May, August, and November, and a
four-for-three stock split effective in October. Capital ratios
remain strong with the equity-to-assets ratio at
7.12 percent at December 31, 2005.

Results of Operations 2005 Compared to 2004 

The Company s 2005 net income was 966,000 compared to
 1,282,000 in 2005, a decrease of 24.65 percent. Basic and
diluted earnings per share for 2005 were 0.48 and 0.47,
respectively, compared to 0.64 and 0.63 for 2004. Return on
average assets was 0.45 percent for 2005 and
0.66 percent for 2004. Returns on average common equity
were 5.51 percent and 7.58 percent, respectively. The
net interest margin (net interest income on a taxable-equivalent
basis divided by average earning assets) was 5.15 percent
compared to 5.02 percent in 2004.

The results of operations in 2005 reflected higher net interest
income. This increase was primarily attributable to an increase
in the average balance of the loan portfolio and an increase in
interest rates.

For the year, noninterest income including gains on sales of
loans and investments decreased 0.94 percent. Operating
expenses rose 17.99 percent due primarily to the costs
associated with the opening of two new offices which resulted in
increased salary, occupancy, and depreciation expense.

The table of selected consolidated financial data, which appears
on page 14 summarizes the Company s financial
performance for each of the past five years. Additional analysis
of financial components is contained in the discussion that
follows.

Results of Operations 2004 Compared to 2003 

The Company s 2004 net income was 1,282,000 compared
 1,036,000 in 2003, an increase of 23.7 percent. Basic and
diluted earnings per share for 2004 were 0.64 and 0.63,
respectively, compared to 0.52 and 0.52 for 2003. Return on
average assets was 0.66 percent for 2004 and
0.60 percent for 2003. Returns on average common equity
were 7.58 percent and 6.42 percent, respectively. The
net interest margin (net interest income on a taxable-equivalent
basis divided by average earning assets) was stable at
5.02 percent in 2004 and 2003.

17

Table of Contents 

The results of operations in 2004 reflected higher net interest
income due to growth in loans. 2004 operating results included
additional expense of 132,000 recorded in the first quarter of
2004 to write down Bank-owned real estate to the value realized
upon its sale in May 2004.

For 2004, noninterest income including gains on sales of loans
and investments decreased 2.6 percent. Operating expenses
rose 5.0 percent and included additional professional
services expense and costs associated with opening the new South
Lake Union branch.

Net Interest Income 

The Company s principal source of earnings is net interest
income, which is the difference between interest income,
including loan-related fee income, and interest expense. The
individual components of net interest income and net interest
margin are presented on pages 19 and 20.

2005 Compared to 2004 

Net interest income for 2005 was 10,263,000 compared to
 9,102,000 in 2004. The 12.8 percent increase was
principally due to growth in the average balance of the loan
portfolio, and partially due to a rise in interest rates, which
increased the net interest margin to 5.15 percent in 2005,
compared to 5.02 percent in 2004. The expanding net
interest margin reflected the net repricing of earning assets
and paying liabilities to higher rates.

Total interest income was 13,712,000 in 2005, compared to
 11,363,000 in 2004. This increase of 2,349,000 or
20.7 percent was primarily attributable to a
12.7 percent increase in average loan balances, higher
rates on variable-rate loans and investments, and new loans
funded at higher rates.

Total interest expense was 3,449,000 in 2005 compared to
 2,261,000 in 2004, an increase of 1,188,000 or
52.5 percent. This increase was largely due to higher rates
on average interest-bearing deposits, and an increase in average
interest-bearing deposit balances.

2004 Compared to 2003 

Net interest income for 2004 was 9,102,000 compared to
 8,200,000 in 2003. The 11.0 percent increase was
principally due to growth in the average balance of the loan
portfolio, and partially due to a change in the mix of earning
assets from federal funds sold to higher yielding loans and
securities. The net interest margin was stable year over year,
remaining at 5.02 percent in 2004 and 2003.

Total interest income was 11,363,000 in 2004, compared to
 10,408,000 in 2003. This increase of 9.2 percent was
primarily attributable to a 17.8 percent increase in
average loan balances, a change in the mix of earning assets
from federal funds and securities sold to higher yielding loans,
partially offset by lower rates on new and refinanced loans.

Total interest expense was 2,261,000 in 2004 compared to
 2,208,000 in 2003, an increase of 2.4 percent. This
increase was largely due to growth in average time deposits
outstanding, largely offset by the repricing of existing time
deposits to lower interest rates.

18

Table of Contents 

Analysis of Average Balances, Net Interest Income, and Net
Interest Margin 

Years Ended December 31, 

2005 Over 2004 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 Change in income 

due to 

Average 

Yield/ 
 
 Average 

Yield/ 

Balance 
 
 Interest 
 
 Rate 
 
 Balance 
 
 Interest 
 
 Rate 
 
 Volume 
 
 Rate 

(In thousands) 

ASSETS 

Loans:

Commercial and financial

56,551 

4,688 

8.29 

62,706 

4,504 

7.18 

(469) 

653 

Real estate

89,433 

6,303 

7.05 

66,352 

4,456 

6.72 

1,617 

230 

Consumer and other

14,238 

1,380 

9.69 

13,170 

1,283 

9.74 

104 

(7) 

Total loans

160,222 

12,371 

7.72 

142,228 

10,243 

7.20 

1,252 

876 

Federal funds sold

5,350 

164 

3.06 

3,564 

44 

1.24 

31 

89 

Interest-bearing deposits in financial institutions

849 

15 

1.77 

962 

4 

0.42 

(1) 

12 

Investment securities

34,816 

1,245 

3.58 

35,575 

1,129 

3.18 

(24) 

140 

Total earning assets

201,237 

13,795 

6.86 

182,329 

11,420 

6.26 

1,258 

1,117 

Cash and due from banks

8,756 

7,500 

Premises and equipment

2,942 

3,402 

Other real estate owned

330 

Accrued interest and other assets

3,901 

2,220 

Allowance for loan losses

(1,937) 

(1,677) 

Total assets

214,899 

194,104 

LIABILITIES 

Interest-bearing deposits:

Demand deposits

12,529 

21 

0.17 

11,133 

12 

0.11 

2 

7 

Savings deposits

55,299 

777 

1.40 

49,384 

469 

0.95 

62 

246 

Time deposits

58,342 

1,723 

2.95 

48,953 

972 

1.99 

212 

539 

Total interest-bearing deposits

126,170 

2,521 

2.00 

109,470 

1,453 

1.33 

276 

792 

Federal funds purchased

323 

15 

4.65 

1,715 

14 

0.82 

(19) 

20 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances

12,351 

568 

4.60 

12,663 

541 

4.27 

(14) 

41 

Junior subordinated debt

5,000 

345 

6.90 

5,000 

253 

5.06 

92 

Total interest-bearing liabilities

143,844 

3,449 

2.40 

128,848 

2,261 

1.75 

243 

945 

Noninterest-bearing deposits

51,576 

46,323 

Accrued interest and other liabilities

1,937 

2,024 

Total liabilities

197,357 

177,195 

Stockholders equity

17,542 

16,909 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

214,899 

194,104 

Interest revenue as a percentage of average earning assets

6.86 

6.26 

Interest expense as a percentage of average earning assets

1.71 

1.24 

Net interest income on a taxable- equivalent basis and net
 interest margin

10,346 

5.15 

9,159 

5.02 

Changes in income and expense which are not due solely to rate
or volume have been allocated proportionately. Average loan
balances include nonaccrual loans. Taxable-equivalent
adjustments relate to tax-exempt investment securities.

19

Table of Contents 

Analysis of Average Balances, Net Interest Income, and Net
Interest Margin 

Years Ended December 31, 

2004 Over 2003 

2004 
 
 2003 
 
 Change in income 

due to 

Average 

Yield/ 
 
 Average 

Yield/ 

Balance 
 
 Interest 
 
 Rate 
 
 Balance 
 
 Interest 
 
 Rate 
 
 Volume 
 
 Rate 

(In thousands) 

ASSETS 

Loans:

Commercial and financial

62,706 

4,504 

7.18 

53,822 

3,839 

7.13 

648 

17 

Real estate

66,352 

4,456 

6.72 

52,809 

4,037 

7.64 

810 

(391) 

Consumer and other

13,170 

1,283 

9.74 

14,129 

1,410 

9.98 

(92) 

(35) 

Total loans

142,228 

10,243 

7.20 

120,760 

9,286 

7.69 

1,366 

(409) 

Federal funds sold

3,564 

44 

1.24 

8,425 

90 

1.07 

(63) 

17 

Interest-bearing deposits in financial institutions

962 

4 

0.42 

1,328 

12 

0.90 

(3) 

(5) 

Investment securities

35,575 

1,129 

3.18 

33,828 

1,078 

3.19 

59 

(8) 

Total earning assets

182,329 

11,420 

6.26 

164,341 

10,466 

6.37 

1,359 

(405) 

Cash and due from banks

7,500 

6,953 

Premises and equipment

3,402 

2,377 

Other real estate owned

330 

144 

Accrued interest and other assets

2,220 

1,641 

Allowance for loan losses

(1,677) 

(1,657) 

Total assets

194,104 

173,799 

LIABILITIES 

Interest-bearing deposits:

Demand deposits

11,133 

12 

0.11 

10,208 

20 

0.19 

2 

(10) 

Savings deposits

49,384 

469 

0.95 

48,677 

513 

1.05 

7 

(51) 

Time deposits

48,953 

972 

1.99 

36,868 

829 

2.25 

224 

(82) 

Total interest-bearing deposits

109,470 

1,453 

1.33 

95,753 

1,362 

1.42 

234 

(143) 

Federal funds purchased

1,715 

14 

0.82 

3,054 

20 

0.65 

(14) 

8 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances

12,663 

541 

4.27 

14,313 

586 

4.09 

(71) 

26 

Junior subordinated debt

5,000 

253 

5.06 

5,000 

240 

4.80 

13 

Total interest-bearing liabilities

128,848 

2,261 

1.75 

118,120 

2,208 

1.87 

149 

(96) 

Noninterest-bearing deposits

46,323 

37,940 

Accrued interest and other liabilities

2,024 

1,593 

Total liabilities

177,195 

157,653 

Stockholders equity

16,909 

16,146 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

194,104 

173,799 

Interest revenue as a percentage of average earning assets

6.26 

6.37 

Interest expense as a percentage of average earning assets

1.24 

1.34 

Net interest income on a taxable- equivalent basis and net
 interest margin

9,159 

5.02 

8,258 

5.02 

Changes in income and expense which are not due solely to rate
or volume have been allocated proportionately. Average loan
balances include nonaccrual loans. Taxable-equivalent
adjustments relate to tax-exempt investment securities.

20

Table of Contents 

Provision and Allowance for Loan Losses 

The provision for loan losses was 423,000 in 2005 compared to
 321,000 and 233,000 for 2004 and 2003, respectively. At
December 31, 2005, the allowance for loan losses was
 2,056,000, or 1.09 percent of total loans, compared with
 1,887,000 or 1.18 percent of total loans December 31,
2004. At December 31, 2004, the allowance for loan losses
was 1,887,000, compared to 1,636,000, or 1.18 percent of
total loans at December 31, 2003. Nonperforming loans
(nonaccrual loans and loans over 90 days past due) to total
loans at the end of 2005 were 0.61 percent compared to
0.14 percent at December 31, 2004 and
0.46 percent at December 31, 2003.

The increase in the provision for loan losses in 2005 resulted
largely from an increase in loan charge-offs, an increase in
nonperforming loans, and changes in loan portfolio composition,
as well as an increase in loans. The ratio of the allowance for
loan losses to total loans at December 31, 2005 was lower
than year-end 2004 primarily because of higher credit quality of
new loans, including 13,882,000 of residential real estate
loans purchased in the fourth quarter of 2005.

The increase in the provision for loan losses for 2004 compared
to 2003 resulted largely from changes in portfolio composition,
offset by improved net loan loss experience. The allowance for
loan losses to total loans percentage was lower at the end of
2003 primarily because most loan growth occurred late in the
year, reflecting the higher credit quality of the new loans. In
addition, a fourth quarter foreclosure action on one loan
resulted in a lower level of nonperforming loans in the
allowance calculation. A portion of the loan was charged off to
the allowance for loan losses to record the acquired property in
the other real estate owned category at the lower of
cost or realizable value.

Management evaluates the adequacy of the allowance on a
quarterly basis after consideration of a number of factors,
including the volume and composition of the loan portfolio,
potential impairment of individual loans, concentrations of
credit, past loss experience, current delinquencies, information
about specific borrowers, current economic conditions, and other
factors.

The Company considers the allowance for loan losses adequate to
cover probable incurred losses, however, no assurance can be
given that actual losses will not exceed estimated amounts. In
addition, changes in factors such as regional economic
conditions and the financial strength of commercial and
individual borrowers may require changes in the level of the
allowance, cause increases in problem assets, delinquencies and
losses on loans, and result in fluctuations in reported earnings.

An analysis of the changes in the allowance for loan losses,
including provisions, recoveries, and loans charged off is
presented in Note 5, Allowance for Loan Losses 
to the consolidated financial statements.

Noninterest Income 

Noninterest income in 2005, 2004, and 2003 totaled 1,693,000,
 1,709,000, and 1,755,000, respectively.

The decrease of 0.94 percent in 2005 was primarily due to a
decrease in service charges on deposit accounts, offset by an
increase in net earnings on bank-owned life insurance and other
noninterest income. In August 2005, the Bank purchased life
insurance on certain employees of the Bank, which provides
 5,000,000 in cash surrender value to the Bank. Increases in
cash surrender value of the policies will be used to fund future
employee benefit plan expense.

The decrease of 2.6 percent in 2004 compared to 2003 was
primarily due to lower recorded gains on sales of securities
available for sale and lower commissions and fees, offset by
higher revenue from service charges on deposit accounts.

Noninterest Expense 

The Company s total noninterest expense for 2005, 2004, and
2003 was 10,150,000, 8,602,000, and 8,196,000, respectively.

21

Table of Contents 

Noninterest expense increased 1,548,000 or 17.99 percent
in 2005. The change in this category was primarily due to an
increase of 945,000 due primarily to costs associated with the
opening of two new offices and increased salary and benefits
expense.

Noninterest expense increased 406,000 or 5.0 percent in
2004. The change in this category was primarily due to an
increase of 223,000 in salaries and employee benefits.
Noninterest expense for 2004 included the first quarter
write-down of 132,000 in the value of other real estate owned,
additional professional services expense, and certain costs
associated with opening a new branch in the South Lake Union
area of Seattle in November 2004.

Review of Financial Condition 

Total assets increased 18.87 percent in 2005 to
 249,192,000, securities decreased 4.61 percent to
 33,550,000, loans increased 18.50 percent to 189,188,000,
and deposits increased 15.01 percent to 199,890,000.

Analysis of Securities 

The components of the investment portfolio were as follows at
December 31:

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Carrying 
 
 Carrying 
 
 Carrying 

Value 
 
 Value 
 
 Value 

(In thousands) 

U.S. agencies

7,394 

8,004 

8,481 

State and political subdivisions

4,454 

3,555 

3,567 

AMF Adjustable Rate Mortgage Fund

14,823 

14,832 

16,586 

Mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage
 obligations

5,461 

7,367 

9,812 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock

1,418 

1,412 

1,372 

Total

33,550 

35,170 

39,818 

The securities portfolio decreased 1,620,000 from
December 31, 2004 to December 31, 2005. The decrease
resulted primarily from 2,368,000 in proceeds from sales,
maturities, and principal payments on securities, offset by
purchases of securities totaling 1,125,000.

In May 2005, FHLB of Seattle suspended payment of dividends
when, due in part to declining income, FHLB entered into a
written agreement with its regulator, the Federal Housing
Finance Board. The written agreement called for a significant
transition in FHLB s business model and an indefinite
suspension of dividend payments.

The securities portfolio decreased 4,648,000 from
December 31, 2003 to December 31, 2004. The decrease
resulted primarily from 6,390,000 in proceeds from sales,
maturities, and principal payments on securities, offset by
purchases of securities totaling 1,523,000.

22

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the maturities of securities at
December 31, 2005. Taxable equivalent values are used in
calculating yields assuming a tax rate of 34 percent.

After 1 Year 
 
 After 5 Years 

Total and 

But Within 
 
 But Within 
 
 After 
 
 Weighted 

Within 1 Year/ 
 
 5 Years/ 
 
 10 Years/ 
 
 10 Years/ 
 
 Average 

Yield 
 
 Yield 
 
 Yield 
 
 Yield 
 
 Yield 

(In thousands, carrying value) 

U.S. agencies

987 

6,407 

7,394 

3.05 

3.22 

3.20 

State and political subdivisions

311 

2,991 

1,152 

4,454 

3.17 

4.11 

5.17 

4.32 

AMF Adjustable Rate Mortgage Fund 

14,823 

14,823 

4.05 

4.05 

Mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage
 obligations

270 

5,191 

5,461 

3.54 

4.05 

4.02 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

1,418 

1,418 

Total

17,539 

9,398 

1,422 

5,191 

33,550 

Securities without a stated maturity. 

For more information and analysis regarding securities see the
preceding discussion of Critical Accounting Policies,
 Temporary Decline in the Fair Value of Securities on
page 16 and Note 3 to the consolidated financial
statements.

Loans 

At December 31, 2005, loans totaled 189,188,000, compared
to 159,656,000 at December 31, 2004, an increase of
 29,532,000 or 18.50 percent over December 31, 2004.
At December 31, 2005, the Bank had 112,050,000 in loans
secured by real estate, compared to 90,211,000 at
December 31, 2004.

The following tables set out the composition of the types of
loans, the allocation of the allowance for loan losses, and the
analysis of the allowance for loan losses for the years ended
December 31:

Types of Loans 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

(In thousands) 

Commercial

61,921 

55,563 

53,770 

47,603 

53,791 

Real estate:

Commercial

76,902 

67,165 

48,963 

42,497 

28,349 

Construction

6,953 

11,538 

10,911 

5,574 

7,002 

Residential 1-4 family

28,195 

11,508 

11,971 

10,821 

13,942 

Consumer and other

15,217 

13,882 

12,853 

15,014 

19,135 

Total

189,188 

159,656 

138,468 

121,509 

122,219 

Residential 1-4 family includes 13,882,000 of loans purchased
 from a mortgage broker in the fourth quarter 2005. 

23

Table of Contents 

Origination of Loans The lending activities of the Bank
are subject to the written underwriting standards and loan
origination procedures established by the Board of Directors and
management. Loan originations are obtained through a variety of
sources, including referrals from customers, builders and real
estate brokers, along with direct marketing efforts of the loan
officers. Written loan applications and credit analysis is
performed by the loan officers. The loan officers also supervise
the procurement of credit reports, appraisals, and other
documentation involved with a loan. Property valuations are
performed by independent outside appraisers.

The Bank s loan approval process is intended to assess the
borrower s ability to repay the loan, the viability of the
loan and adequacy of the value of any collateral that will
secure the loan. The Bank s loan policy authorizes senior
vice presidents to approve aggregate extensions of credit up to
 500,000 and the President/ CEO and the Chief Credit Officer to
approve aggregate extensions of credit up to 1,000,000. The
Loan Committee, comprised of board members, is authorized
to approve extensions of credit over 1,000,000.

Commercial Loans At December 31, 2005, commercial
loans amounted to 61,921,000, or 32.7 percent of the loan
portfolio. Commercial loans generally have a term of up to
five years and may have either floating rates tied to the
Bank s internal base rate or fixed rates of interest.
Commercial loans are made to small and medium-sized businesses
within the Bank s market area. A majority of the
Bank s commercial loans are secured by real estate,
equipment, and other corporate assets. The Bank also generally
obtains personal guarantees from the principals of the borrower.
In addition, the Bank may extend loans for a commercial business
purpose which are secured by a mortgage on the proprietor s
home or business property.

Commercial Real Estate Loans The commercial real estate
loan portfolio generally consists of loans secured by office
buildings, warehouses, production facilities, and retail stores
generally located within the Seattle metropolitan area. In
addition, the Bank has purchased participation interests in
commercial real estate loans from various financial institutions
in the region. Commercial real estate loans amounted to
 76,902,000, or 40.6 percent of the total loan portfolio at
December 31, 2005. Participation interest in commercial
real estate loans purchased amounted to 5,646,000, or
7.3 percent of the commercial real estate portfolio at
December 31, 2005. Before purchasing such loans, the Bank
utilizes the same underwriting standard and criteria as it would
if it had originated the loans.

The Bank s commercial real estate loans typically have a
 loan-to -value ratio of
80 percent or less and generally have shorter maturities
than one-to -four family
residential loans. The maximum term of the Bank s
commercial real estate loans is from 5 to 10 years based on
up to a 25-year 
amortization schedule. Most have adjustable rates tied to the
Seattle Federal Home Loan Bank rates, but some have fixed
rates. For each real estate loan, the Bank requires a title
insurance policy, fire and extended coverage casualty insurance,
and a flood insurance policy when the property is in a flood
hazard area.

Commercial real estate lending is generally considered to have a
higher degree of risk than
 one-to -four family
residential lending. Such lending typically involves large loan
balances concentrated in single borrower or groups of related
borrowers for rental or business properties. In addition, the
payment experience on loans secured by income-producing
properties is typically dependent on the success of the
operation of the related project and thus is typically affected
by adverse conditions in the real estate market and in the
economy. The Bank typically attempts to mitigate the risk
associated with its real estate lending by, among other things,
lending primarily in its market area and using conforming
 loan-to -value ratios in
the underwriting process.

The Bank also offers multi-family (over four units) residential
loans. The multi-family residential mortgage loans are
underwritten on substantially the same basis as its commercial
real estate loans, with
 loan-to -value ratios of
up to 80 percent. At December 31, 2005, the Bank had
 11,489,000 in multi-family residential mortgage loans which
amounted to 14.9 percent of the commercial real estate
portfolio.

Construction Loans The Bank provides construction
financing for both single family home builders, and for
commercial construction projects. To mitigate the higher risk
factors associated with construction financing, the Bank
typically underwrites loans with conservative
 loan-to -value ratios,
with maximum
 loan-to -value ratios of
80 percent and maximum
 loan-to -construction
cost ratios of 90 percent. All construction loan advances
are subject to inspection requirements of a third party
construction monitoring expert. Construction

24

Table of Contents 

lending is limited to experienced developers and contractors,
and all loans have recourse to the ownership group. Construction
loans are typically variable rate loans, with short
12-18 month maturities, with identified take-out financing.

One-to -Four Family
Residential Real Estate Loans The Bank originates a limited
number of loans secured by
 one-to -four family
residences to commercial clients of the bank. In December of
2005, the Bank augmented its loan portfolio with the purchase of
a variety of residential loans from a mortgage broker. This
included 31 individual loans with a total balance of
 13,882,000. These loans included a mix of adjustable rate
mortgages and fixed rate loans, and were underwritten in
accordance with the Bank s conservative guidelines. As of
December 31, 2005, 28,195,000, or 14.9 percent of the
total portfolio, before net items, consisted of
 one-to -four family
residential loans.

For residential real estate lending,
 loan-to -value ratios,
maturities, and other provisions of the loans made by the Bank
generally have reflected the policy of making less than the
maximum loan permissible under applicable regulations, in
accordance with sound lending practices, market conditions, and
underwriting standards established by the Bank. The Bank s
present lending policies on
 one-to -four family
residential mortgage loans generally limit the maximum
 loan-to -value ratio to
80 percent of the lesser of the appraised value or purchase
price of the property. Residential mortgage loans are amortized
on a monthly basis with principal and interest due each month.
The loans generally include
 due-on -sale 
clauses.

Under the lending policy of the Bank, a title insurance policy
must be obtained for each real estate loan. The Bank also
requires fire and extended coverage casualty insurance, in order
to protect the properties securing its real estate loans.
Borrowers must also obtain flood insurance policies when the
property is in a flood plain as designated by the Department of
Housing and Urban Development.

Consumer Loans The Bank originates consumer loans in
order to provide a full range of financial services to its
customers and because such loans generally have shorter terms
and higher interest rates than residential mortgage loans. At
December 31, 2005, the Bank had 15,217,000 in consumer
loan debt, or 8.0 percent of the Bank s total loan
portfolio. The consumer loans offered by the Bank include home
equity loans, automobile loans, credit card balances, and a
small aggregate amount of unsecured lines of credit.

Collections The Bank mails delinquency notices to
borrowers when a borrower fails to make a required payment
within 15 days of the date due. Additional notices are sent
out when a loan becomes 30 days or 60 days past due.
If a loan becomes 90 days past due, the Bank generally
mails a notice indicating that the Bank may refer it to an
attorney within 30 days to commence foreclosure. In most
cases, deficiencies are cured promptly. While the Bank generally
prefers to work with borrowers to resolve such problems, the
Bank will institute foreclosure or other collection proceedings
when necessary to minimize any potential loss.

Nonaccrual Loans Loans are placed on nonaccrual status
when management believes the probability of collection of
interest is insufficient to warrant further accrual. When a loan
is placed on nonaccrual status, previously accrued but unpaid
interest is deducted from interest income. As a matter of
policy, the Bank generally discontinues the accrual of interest
income when the loan becomes 90 days past due as to
principal or interest. Standard Bank loan documentation entitles
the Bank to charge a higher default rate of interest when a loan
becomes 90 days past due.

25

Table of Contents 

Loans maturing or repricing as of December 31, 2005:

Within 

After 

1 Year 
 
 1-5 Years 
 
 5 Years 
 
 Total 

(In thousands) 

Commercial

42,957 

15,430 

3,534 

61,921 

Real estate:

Commercial

25,647 

39,942 

11,313 

76,902 

Construction

5,403 

1,550 

6,953 

Residential 1-4 family

10,725 

5,830 

11,640 

28,195 

Consumer and other

10,392 

4,566 

259 

15,217 

Total

95,124 

67,318 

26,746 

189,188 

Loans maturing (excluding loans repricing that have not matured)
by fixed or variable rates after one year:

After 

1-5 Years 
 
 5 Years 

(In thousands) 

Fixed rates

23,893 

21,736 

Variable rates

16,098 

58,976 

Total

39,991 

80,712 

Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses 

In the following table, the allowance for loan losses has been
allocated among major loan categories based on a number of
factors including quality, volume, current economic outlook, and
other business considerations for the years ended
December 31:

of 

of 

of 

of 

of 

Loans 

Loans 

Loans 

Loans 

Loans 

in Each 

in Each 

in Each 

in Each 

in Each 

2005 
 
 Category 
 
 2004 
 
 Category 
 
 2003 
 
 Category 
 
 2002 
 
 Category 
 
 2001 
 
 Category 

Allocated 
 
 to Total 
 
 Allocated 
 
 to Total 
 
 Allocated 
 
 to Total 
 
 Allocated 
 
 to Total 
 
 Allocated 
 
 to Total 

Amount 
 
 Loans 
 
 Amount 
 
 Loans 
 
 Amount 
 
 Loans 
 
 Amount 
 
 Loans 
 
 Amount 
 
 Loans 

(In thousands) 

Commercial

987 

33 

1,000 

35 

885 

39 

1,024 

39 

908 

44 

Real estate:

Commercial

651 

40 

568 

42 

436 

35 

423 

35 

261 

23 

Construction

72 

4 

117 

7 

110 

8 

59 

5 

65 

6 

Residential 1-4 family

106 

15 

11 

7 

9 

9 

28 

9 

12 

11 

Consumer and other

240 

8 

191 

9 

196 

9 

156 

12 

252 

16 

Total

2,056 

100 

1,887 

100 

1,636 

100 

1,690 

100 

1,498 

100 

of loan portfolio

1.09 

1.18 

1.18 

1.39 

1.23 

This allocation of the allowance for loan losses should not be
interpreted as an indication that charge-offs will occur in
these amounts or proportions, or that the allocation indicates
future charge-off trends. Furthermore, the portion allocated to
each category is not the total amount available for future
losses that might occur within each category.

26

Table of Contents 

Analysis of the Allowance for Loan Losses 

The following table summarizes transactions in the allowance for
loan losses and details the charge-offs, recoveries, and net
loan losses by loan category for the years ended
December 31:

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

(In thousands) 

Beginning balance

1,887 

1,636 

1,690 

1,498 

1,323 

Charge-offs: 

Commercial

252 

24 

81 

108 

185 

Real estate:

Commercial

1 

20 

Construction

Residential 1-4 family

184 

Consumer and other

41 

146 

67 

63 

176 

Total charge-offs

294 

170 

332 

191 

361 

Recoveries: 

Commercial

26 

87 

17 

22 

57 

Real estate:

Commercial

20 

Construction

1 

Residential 1-4 family

8 

Consumer and other

14 

13 

30 

Total recoveries

40 

100 

45 

53 

57 

Net charge-offs/(recoveries) 

254 

70 

287 

138 

304 

Provision

423 

321 

233 

330 

479 

Ending balance

2,056 

1,887 

1,636 

1,690 

1,498 

Ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding

0.16 

0.05 

0.24 

0.11 

0.26 

For the year ended December 31, 2005, commercial loan
charge-offs included a charge-off of 115,000 resulting from one
loan.

27

Table of Contents 

Nonperforming Loans and Assets 

The following table sets forth the amounts and categories of
non-performing loans and assets for the years ended
December 31:

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

(In thousands) 

Nonaccruing loans:

Commercial

37 

182 

112 

309 

463 

Real Estate

661 

462 

90 

Consumer

37 

31 

1 

Total(1)

735 

213 

112 

772 

553 

Accruing loans delinquent 90 days or more:

Commercial

401 

5 

464 

15 

444 

Real Estate

111 

Consumer

13 

67 

12 

47 

Total

414 

5 

531 

27 

602 

Total non-performing loans

1,149 

218 

643 

799 

1,155 

Other real estate owned

2,659 

Total non-performing assets

1,149 

218 

3,302 

799 

1,155 

Total non-performing loans as a percentage of loans

0.61 

0.14 

0.46 

0.66 

0.95 

Total non-performing assets as a percentage of assets

0.46 

0.10 

1.70 

0.47 

0.74 

(1) 
 
 If interest on these nonaccruing loans had been recognized, such
 income would have been 29,000, 9,000, 9,000, 68,000, and
 22,000 for 2005, 2004, 2003, 2002, and 2001. 

The decrease in other real estate owned at December 31,
2004 resulted from the sale of foreclosed property in May 2004.

At December 31, 2003, other real estate owned consisted of
one residential real estate property acquired through
foreclosure in December 2003. Upon foreclosure, the Bank charged
off a portion of the non-performing loan secured by the
foreclosed property and transferred the remaining balance to
other real estate owned. The property was recorded at the lower
of cost or realizable value, based on a third party appraisal
less estimated selling costs.

There were no commitments for additional funds related to the
loans noted above. At December 31, 2005, there were no
potential problem loans that are not now disclosed where known
information causes management to have serious doubts as to the
ability of the borrower to comply with present loan repayment
terms.

At December 31, 2005, nonaccruing real estate loans
included one well-secured loan of 479,000.

Nonperforming loans include nonaccrual loans and accruing loans
delinquent 90 days or more. Loans are generally placed on
nonaccrual status when the loan is 90 days or more past due
as to principal and interest, unless the loan is well-secured
and in the process of collection. If management believes that
collection is doubtful after considering relevant conditions,
accrual of interest is discontinued immediately.

28

Table of Contents 

Deposits 

The average daily amount of deposits and rates paid on interest
bearing deposits is summarized for the periods indicated in the
following table:

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Amount 
 
 Rate 
 
 Amount 
 
 Rate 
 
 Amount 
 
 Rate 

(In thousands) 

DEPOSITS

Noninterest bearing demand

51,576 

0.00 

46,323 

0.00 

37,940 

0.00 

Interest bearing demand

12,529 

0.17 

11,133 

0.11 

10,208 

0.19 

Savings deposits

55,299 

1.40 

49,384 

0.95 

48,677 

1.05 

Time deposits:

Certificate of deposit, under 100,000

23,861 

2.79 

22,369 

2.08 

19,839 

2.53 

Certificate of deposit, over 100,000

17,970 

2.74 

13,184 

2.14 

14,640 

2.03 

Public Funds

16,511 

3.41 

13,400 

1.66 

2,389 

1.28 

Total time deposits

58,342 

2.95 

48,953 

1.99 

36,868 

2.25 

Total

177,746 

155,793 

133,693 

Maturities of time certificates of deposits of 100,000 or more
outstanding as of December 31, 2005 are summarized as
follows:

Amount 

(In thousands) 

3 months or less

26,170 

Over 3 months through 6 months

4,115 

Over 6 months through 12 months

6,052 

Over 12 months

3,267 

Total

39,604 

Borrowings 

The following tables set forth certain information with respect
to federal funds purchased and FHLB advances for the periods
indicated:

Federal Funds Purchased 
 
 December 31, 2005 
 
 December 31, 2004 
 
 December 31, 2003 

(In thousands) 

Balance at end of year

3,097 

Weighted average interest rate at end of year

0.50 

Maximum amount outstanding(1)

3,020 

3,212 

4,666 

Average amount outstanding

323 

1,715 

3,054 

Weighted average interest rate during the year

4.65 

0.82 

0.65 

(1) 
 
 Based on average amount outstanding at month end during each
 year. 

29

Table of Contents 

FHLB Advances 
 
 December 31, 2005 
 
 December 31, 2004 
 
 December 31, 2003 

(In thousands) 

Balance at end of year

23,849 

11,067 

15,381 

Weighted average interest rate at end of year

4.73 

4.50 

3.81 

Maximum amount outstanding(1)

23,849 

17,537 

19,339 

Average amount outstanding

12,351 

12,663 

14,313 

Weighted average interest rate during the year

4.60 

4.27 

4.09 

(1) 
 
 Based on average amount outstanding for the month during each
 year. 

Junior Subordinated Debt (Trust Preferred Securities) 

In May 2002, Bancorp formed EvergreenBancorp Capital
Trust I the Trust a statutory trust formed
under the laws of the State of Delaware. In May 2002, the Trust
issued 5 million in trust preferred securities in a
private placement offering. Simultaneously with the issuance of
the trust preferred securities by the Trust, Bancorp issued
junior subordinated debentures to the Trust. The junior
subordinated debentures are the sole assets of the Trust. The
junior subordinated debentures and the trust preferred
securities pay distributions and dividends, respectively, on a
quarterly basis, which are included in interest expense. The
interest rate payable on the debentures and the trust preferred
securities resets quarterly and is equal to the three-month
LIBOR plus 3.50 (7.55 at December 31, 2005), provided
that this rate cannot exceed 12.0 through June 30, 2007.
The junior subordinated debentures are callable in 2007, at
which time management will examine options to refinance; the
debentures will mature in 2032, at which time the preferred
securities must be redeemed. Bancorp has provided a full,
irrevocable, and unconditional guarantee on a subordinated basis
of the obligations of the Trust under the preferred securities
as set forth in such guarantee agreement. Debt issuance costs
totaling 209,000 were capitalized related to the offering and
are being amortized over the estimated life of the junior
subordinated debentures.

Prior to 2003, the Trust was consolidated in the Company s
financial statements, with the trust preferred securities issued
by the Trust reported in liabilities as guaranteed
preferred beneficial interests and the subordinated
debentures eliminated in consolidation. Under current accounting
guidance, FASB Interpretation No. 46, as revised in
December 2003, the Trust is no longer consolidated with the
Company. Accordingly, the Company does not report the securities
issued by the Trust as liabilities, and instead reports as
liabilities the subordinated debentures issued by the Company
and held by the Trust, as these are no longer eliminated in
consolidation. The effect of no longer consolidating the Trust
does not change the amounts reported as the Company s
assets, liabilities, equity, or interest expense. Accordingly,
the amounts previously reported as guaranteed preferred
beneficial interests in liabilities have been recaptioned
 junior subordinated debt and continue to be
presented in liabilities on the balance sheet.

Bancorp invested 4,800,000 of the proceeds from the trust
preferred offering in the Bank, which used the funds to support
its lending and other operations. The proceeds are considered
Tier 1 capital under regulatory guidelines.

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

In the normal course of business, to meet the financing needs of
its customers, the Company is a party to financial instruments
with off-balance-sheet risk. These financial instruments include
commitments to extend credit, lines of credit, and standby
letters of credit. Such off-balance-sheet items are recognized
in the financial statements when they are funded or related fees
are received. The Company uses the same credit policies in
making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for
on-balance sheet instruments. The off-balance-sheet items do not
represent unusual elements of credit risk in excess of the
amounts recognized in the balance sheets.

30

Table of Contents 

At December 31, 2005, the Company had commitments to extend
credit and contingent liabilities under lines of credit, standby
letters of credit, and similar arrangements totaling
 52,341,000. Since many lines of credit do not fully disburse,
or expire without being drawn upon, the total amount does not
necessarily reflect future cash requirements.

For additional information regarding off-balance-sheet items,
refer to Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies 
to the consolidated financial statements.

The following table summarizes the Company s significant
contractual obligations and commitments at December 31,
2005:

Within 

After 

1 Year 
 
 1-3 Years 
 
 3-5 Years 
 
 5 Years 
 
 Total 

(In thousands) 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances

5,580 

7,269 

5,000 

6,000 

23,849 

Junior subordinated debt

5,000 

5,000 

Time deposits

60,089 

6,715 

75 

66,879 

Operating leases

647 

857 

702 

1,113 

3,319 

Total

66,316 

14,841 

5,777 

12,113 

99,047 

For additional discussion of FHLB advances and junior
subordinated debt, see Note 8 Borrowings and Junior
Subordinated Debt to the consolidated financial statements.

Asset/ Liability Management 

The principal objectives of asset/liability management are to
manage changes in net interest income and earnings due to
changes in interest rates, maintain adequate liquidity, and
manage capital adequacy. Asset/liability management encompasses
structuring the mix of assets, deposits, and borrowings to limit
exposure to interest rate risk and enhance long-term
profitability.

The following discussion and analysis addresses managing
liquidity, interest rate risk, and capital resources. These
elements provide the framework for the Company s
asset/liability management policy. The asset/liability committee
consists of the senior management of the Bank and meets at least
quarterly to implement policy guidelines.

Liquidity 

Liquidity is defined as the ability to provide sufficient cash
to fund operations and meet obligations and commitments on a
timely basis. Through asset and liability management, the
Company controls its liquidity position to ensure that
sufficient funds are available to meet the needs of depositors,
borrowers, and creditors.

In addition to cash and cash equivalents, asset liquidity is
also provided by the available-for-sale securities portfolio.
Liquidity is further enhanced by deposit growth, federal funds
purchased, borrowings, and planned maturities and sales of
investments and loans.

The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows provides information
on the sources and uses of cash for the years ended
December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003. As shown in these
statements, the Company s largest cash flows relate to both
investing and financing activities.

Over the past year, the primary investing and financing
activities that have required the greatest use of cash include
lending, purchases of loans, and a purchase of bank owned life
insurance. The primary sources of cash flows have been growth in
deposits, proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances,
and proceeds from paydowns and maturities of securities
available for sale.

In 2004, the primary investing and financing activities that
have required the greatest use of cash include lending and the
repayment of Federal Home Loan Bank advances. The primary
sources of cash flows have been growth in deposits, and sales,
maturities, and principal paydowns on securities available for
sale.

31

Table of Contents 

In 2003, the primary investing activities that required the
greatest use of cash included lending and purchases of new
securities. Purchases of securities in 2003 were predominately
in an adjustable rate mortgage-backed securities fund to
maintain overall liquidity and control interest rate risk. The
primary sources of cash flows have been growth in deposits and
an increase in FHLB borrowings.

The Bank has a credit line through the Federal Home
Loan Bank for properly collateralized borrowings up to 30 
of the Bank s total assets. In addition, the Bank has
approved credit lines with correspondent banks for overnight
funds credit facilities aggregating 16,500,000.

Interest Rate Risk 

The Company s profitability depends largely upon its net
interest income, which is the difference between interest earned
on assets, primarily loans and investments, and the interest
expense incurred on its liabilities, largely deposits and
borrowings. Interest rate risk is the variation in bank
performance introduced by changes in interest rates over time.
The Company s objective in managing interest rate risk is
to minimize the impact on net income due to significant changes
in interest rates.

The Company monitors interest rate risk by monthly reports that
highlight the level, trend, and composition of net interest
income and net interest margin, by quarterly reports matching
rate-sensitive assets to rate-sensitive liabilities, and by
reports of interest rate sensitivity through net interest income
analysis.

Net interest income analysis is the primary tool used by
management to assess the direction and magnitude of changes in
net interest income resulting from changes in interest rates.
This method of analysis assesses overall interest rate
sensitivity by modeling the impact on net interest income from
sudden and sustained increases and decreases in market interest
rates. The following table presents a summary of the potential
changes in net interest income over a one year time horizon
resulting from immediate and sustained changes in market
interest rates.

Net Interest Income Analysis (in thousands; rate changes
in basis points (bp) = 1/100 of 1 ):

December 31, 2005 

Dollar 
 
 Percent 

Immediate Rate Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 

+200bp

252 

2.31 

+100bp

94 

0.86 

+50bp

47 

0.43 

-50bp

(122) 

(1.11) 

-100bp

(243) 

(2.22) 

-200bp

(750) 

(6.87) 

December 31, 2004 

Dollar 
 
 Percent 

Immediate Rate Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 

+200bp

653 

6.45 

+100bp

309 

3.05 

+50bp

155 

1.53 

-50bp

(167) 

(1.65) 

-100bp

(334) 

(3.30) 

-200bp

(1,172) 

(11.58) 

The tables above reflect the effect of interest rate changes on
the Company s net interest income. At December 31,
2005, the table to the left indicates that the effect of an
immediate 100 basis point increase in interest rates would
increase the Company s net interest income by
0.86 percent or approximately 94,000. An immediate
100 basis point decrease in rates indicates a potential
reduction of net interest income by 2.22 percent or
approximately 243,000. For comparison purposes, the table to
the right presents the rate risk profile as of December 31,
2004.

While net interest income or rate shock analysis is
a useful tool to assess interest rate risk, the methodology has
inherent limitations. For example, certain assets and
liabilities may have similar maturities or periods to repricing,
but may react in different degrees to changes in market interest
rates. Prepayment and early withdrawal levels could vary
significantly from assumptions made in calculating the tables.
In addition, the ability of borrowers to service their debt may
decrease in the event of significant interest rate increases.
Finally, actual results may vary as management may not adjust
rates equally as general levels of interest rates rise or fall.

The Company does not use interest rate risk management products,
such as interest rate swaps, hedges, or derivatives.

32

Table of Contents 

Capital Resources 

Stockholders equity on December 31, 2005 was
 17,736,000, compared to 17,485,000 at December 31, 2004,
an increase of 251,000 or 1.44 percent. Current earnings
were 966,000 and dividends paid were 457,000. The change in
unrealized losses on securities available-for-sale, net of
deferred taxes, also reduced the total stockholders equity
by 336,000 during 2005.

At December 31, 2005, the Company had total
 risk-based capital of 24,997,000 as compared to
 24,305,000 at December 31, 2004. See Note 18
 Regulatory Capital Requirements to the consolidated
financial statements for additional information on risk-based
capital and other regulated capital ratios.

Capital management activities in 2005 included the payment of
four quarterly cash dividends and a four-for-three stock split
in October.

Management has issued no material commitments for major capital
expenditures and knows of no trends or uncertainties, favorable
or unfavorable, other than increased competition that would
materially impact capital resources. Adequate reserves are
maintained to provide for loan losses. The principal source of
capital is undivided profits.

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
 Risk 

The discussion relating to quantitative and qualitative
disclosures about market risk is included in Item 7 above,
specifically in the sections titled Interest Rate
Risk and 2003 Net Interest Income Analysis. 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The following audited consolidated financial statements and
related documents are set forth below on the pages indicated:

Page 

Report of Independent Auditors 

34 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

35 

Consolidated Statements of Income 

36 

Consolidated Statements of
 Stockholders Equity 

37 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
 Income 

38 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

39 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements 

40 

33

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and

Stockholders of EvergreenBancorp, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
EvergreenBancorp, Inc. as of December 31, 2005 and 2004,
and the related consolidated statements of income,
stockholders equity, comprehensive income, and cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2005. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of EvergreenBancorp, Inc. at December 31, 2005 and
2004, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2005 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles.

CROWE CHIZEK AND COMPANY LLC 

Oak Brook, Illinois

February 25, 2006

34

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2005 
 
 2004 

(In thousands, except 

share and per 

share data) 

Assets 

Cash and due from banks

12,379 

9,407 

Federal funds sold

2,112 

2,736 

Interest-bearing deposits in financial institutions

2,811 

2 

Total cash and cash equivalents

17,302 

12,145 

Securities available-for-sale

33,550 

35,170 

Loans

189,188 

159,656 

Allowance for loan losses

(2,056) 

(1,887) 

Net loans

187,132 

157,769 

Premises and equipment

3,179 

2,576 

Cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance

5,090 

Accrued interest and other assets

2,939 

1,970 

Total assets

249,192 

209,630 

Liabilities 

Deposits

Noninterest-bearing

64,635 

54,193 

Interest-bearing

135,255 

119,608 

Total deposits

199,890 

173,801 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances

23,849 

11,067 

Junior subordinated debt

5,000 

5,000 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities

2,717 

2,277 

Total liabilities

231,456 

192,145 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock; no par value; 100,000 shares authorized;
 none issued

Common stock and surplus; no par value; 15,000,000 shares
 authorized; 2,000,467 shares issued at 2005;
 1,992,428 shares issued at 2004

16,005 

15,927 

Retained earnings

2,187 

1,678 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

(456) 

(120) 

Total stockholders equity

17,736 

17,485 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

249,192 

209,630 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

35

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Years Ended December 31, 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

(In thousands, except 

per share data) 

Interest income 

Loans, including fees

12,371 

10,243 

9,286 

Taxable securities

1,036 

976 

955 

Tax exempt securities

126 

94 

77 

Federal funds sold and other

179 

50 

90 

Total interest income

13,712 

11,363 

10,408 

Interest expense 

Deposits

2,521 

1,453 

1,362 

Federal funds purchased

15 

14 

20 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances

568 

541 

586 

Junior subordinated debt

345 

253 

240 

Total interest expense

3,449 

2,261 

2,208 

Net interest income 

10,263 

9,102 

8,200 

Provision for loan losses

423 

321 

233 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

9,840 

8,781 

7,967 

Noninterest income 

Service charges on deposit accounts

1,177 

1,305 

1,176 

Merchant credit card processing

151 

145 

166 

Gain from sales of loans

10 

Gain on sales of securities available-for-sale

15 

56 

Other commissions and fees

128 

136 

180 

Net earnings on bank owned life insurance

90 

Other noninterest income

147 

108 

167 

Total noninterest income

1,693 

1,709 

1,755 

Noninterest expense 

Salaries and employee benefits

4,898 

4,259 

4,036 

Occupancy and equipment

1,697 

1,391 

1,318 

Data processing

744 

727 

728 

Professional fees

391 

241 

150 

Marketing

473 

393 

362 

State revenue and sales tax expense

306 

257 

49 

Loss on other real estate owned

132 

Other noninterest expense

1,641 

1,202 

1,553 

Total noninterest expense

10,150 

8,602 

8,196 

Income before income taxes 

1,383 

1,888 

1,526 

Income tax expense

417 

606 

490 

Net income 

966 

1,282 

1,036 

Basic earnings per share

0.48 

0.64 

0.52 

Diluted earnings per share

0.47 

0.63 

0.52 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

36

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Years Ended December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003 

Accumulated 

Common 

Other 

Common 
 
 Stock 

Comprehensive 
 
 Total 

Stock 
 
 and 
 
 Retained 
 
 Income 
 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 
 Surplus 
 
 Earnings 
 
 (Loss) 
 
 Equity 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Balance at January 1, 2003 

1,075,461 

13,597 

2,266 

97 

15,960 

Comprehensive income

Net income

1,036 

1,036 

Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on securities available for
 sale, net of reclassification and tax effects

(146) 

(146) 

Total comprehensive income

890 

Cash dividends .185 per share)

(366) 

(366) 

Stock dividend (10 

107,944 

2,158 

(2,158) 

Exercise of stock options

6,961 

88 

88 

Tax benefit from stock related compensation

11 

11 

Balance at December 31, 2003 

1,190,366 

15,854 

778 

(49) 

16,583 

Comprehensive income

Net income

1,282 

1,282 

Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on securities available for
 sale, net of reclassification and tax effects

(71) 

(71) 

Total comprehensive income

1,211 

Cash dividends .192 per share)

(382) 

(382) 

Stock split (five-for-four)

298,645 

Repurchase of fractional shares

(296) 

(7) 

(7) 

Exercise of stock options

5,606 

69 

69 

Tax benefit from stock related compensation

11 

11 

Balance at December 31, 2004 

1,494,321 

15,927 

1,678 

(120) 

17,485 

Comprehensive income

Net income

966 

966 

Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on securities available for
 sale, net of reclassification and tax effects

(336) 

(336) 

Total comprehensive income

630 

Cash dividends .228 per share)

(457) 

(457) 

Stock split (four-for-three)

500,165 

Repurchase of fractional shares

(471) 

(7) 

(7) 

Exercise of stock options

6,452 

71 

71 

Tax benefit from stock related compensation

14 

14 

Balance at December 31, 2005 

2,000,467 

16,005 

2,187 

(456) 

17,736 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

37

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Years Ended December 31, 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

(In thousands) 

Net income

966 

1,282 

1,036 

Other comprehensive income:

Change in unrealized gain (loss) on securities available for sale

(509) 

(91) 

(166) 

Reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income

(15) 

(56) 

Net unrealized gains (losses)

(509) 

(106) 

(222) 

Tax effect

173 

35 

76 

Total other comprehensive income (loss)

(336) 

(71) 

(146) 

Total comprehensive income

630 

1,211 

890 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

38

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

(In thousands) 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income

966 

1,282 

1,036 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
 operating activities:

Depreciation

801 

663 

597 

Provision for loan losses

423 

321 

233 

Gain from sales of securities

(15) 

(56) 

Gain on sales of loans

(10) 

Write-down of other real estate owned

132 

Amortization of premiums and discounts on securities

64 

79 

159 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock dividends

(6) 

(40) 

(74) 

Dividends reinvested

(190) 

(349) 

(290) 

Net earnings on bank owned life insurance

(90) 

Other changes, net

(342) 

694 

(291) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

1,626 

2,767 

1,304 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Proceeds from sales, maturities and principal payments on
 securities available for sale

2,368 

6,390 

9,524 

Purchases of securities available for sale

(1,125) 

(1,523) 

(32,767) 

Purchases of loans

(13,882) 

Net loan originations

(15,904) 

(21,258) 

(20,199) 

Purchase of bank owned life insurance

(5,000) 

Proceeds from sales of loans

304 

Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned

2,527 

Purchases of premises and equipment

(1,404) 

(770) 

(892) 

Proceeds from prepayments of securities available-for-sale

7,158 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(34,947) 

(14,634) 

(36,872) 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Net increase in deposits

26,089 

21,118 

20,509 

Net decrease (increase) in federal funds purchased

(3,097) 

(256) 

Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances

16,900 

5,460 

Repayments of Federal Home Loan Bank advances

(4,118) 

(4,314) 

(1,862) 

Repurchase of common stock

(7) 

(7) 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options

71 

69 

88 

Dividends paid

(457) 

(382) 

(366) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

38,478 

13,387 

23,573 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

5,157 

1,520 

(11,995) 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

12,145 

10,625 

22,620 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

17,302 

12,145 

10,625 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 

Interest paid

3,292 

2,203 

2,221 

Income taxes paid

810 

326 

760 

Supplemental disclosures of noncash investing activities 

Transfer of loan to other real estate owned

2,659 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

39

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1: 
 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Organization. EvergreenBancorp, Inc. Bancorp was formed February 9, 2001 and is a
Washington corporation chartered as a bank holding company.
Bancorp holds all of the issued and outstanding shares of
EvergreenBank the Bank ). As further discussed in
Note 8 Borrowings and Junior Subordinated Debt 
to the consolidated financial statements, EvergreenBancorp
Capital Trust I the Trust had previously been
consolidated with the Company and is now reported separately.
The consolidated entities are collectively referred to as
 the Company. The Bank is a Washington state
chartered financial institution established in 1971 that engages
in general commercial and consumer banking operations. Deposits
in the Bank are insured to a maximum of 100,000 per
depositor (in some instances up to 100,000 per deposit
account, depending on the ownership category of the account) by
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation the FDIC ).

The Bank offers a broad spectrum of personal and business
banking services, including commercial, consumer, and real
estate lending. The Bank s offices are centered in the
Puget Sound region in the Seattle, Lynnwood, Bellevue, and
Federal Way communities.

Operating Segments. While the Company s management
monitors the revenue streams of the various products and
services, operations are managed and financial performance is
evaluated on a Company-wide basis. Accordingly, all of the
Company s banking operations are considered by management
to be aggregated in one reportable segment.

Holding Company Information. The Bank became a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Bancorp on June 20, 2001 in
accordance with the Plan and Agreement of Reorganization and
Merger dated February 14, 2001 , which provided that
each share of the Bank s common stock be exchanged for an
equal number of shares of the common stock of the Bancorp. This
was treated as an internal reorganization; accordingly, the
capital accounts of the Bank as of June 20, 2001 were
carried forward, without change, as the capital accounts of the
Bancorp.

Principles of Consolidation and Use of Estimates. The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
combined accounts of the Bancorp and the Bank. Significant
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles and with the general practices in the banking
industry. The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with these principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, including contingent amounts, at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could
differ from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents
include cash on hand, cash items, clearings and exchanges,
amounts due from correspondent banks, interest-bearing deposits
in other financial institutions, and federal funds sold. Federal
funds sold generally mature within one to four days from the
transaction date.

Securities. Securities classified as available-for-sale
are reported at fair value, with the net unrealized gains or
losses, net of tax, reported in other comprehensive income
(loss), a separate component of stockholders equity.
Realized gains or losses on securities sold are based on the net
proceeds and adjusted book values of the securities sold, using
the specific identification method. Other securities, such as
FHLB stock, are carried at cost.

Interest income includes amortization of purchase premium or
discount. Premiums and discounts on securities are amortized on
the level-yield method without anticipating prepayments. Gains
and losses on sales are recorded on the trade date and
determined using the specific identification method.

40

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Declines in the fair value of securities below their cost that
are other than temporary are reflected as realized losses. In
estimating other-than-temporary losses, management considers:
(1) the length of time and extent that fair value has been
less than cost, (2) the financial condition and near term
prospects of the issuer, and (3) the Company s ability
and intent to hold the security for a period sufficient to allow
for any anticipated recovery in fair value.

Loans. Loans that management has the intent and ability
to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoff
are reported at the principal balance outstanding, net of
unearned interest, deferred loan fees and costs, and allowance
for loan losses. Interest income is accrued on the unpaid
principal balance. Loan origination fees, net of certain direct
origination costs, are deferred and recognized in interest
income using the level-yield method without anticipating
prepayments.

Interest income on mortgage and commercial loans is discontinued
at the time the loan is 90 days delinquent unless the loan
is well-secured and in the process of collection. Consumer and
credit card loans are typically charged off no later than
120 days past due. Past due status is based on the
contractual terms of the loan. Loans are placed on nonaccrual or
charged-off at an earlier date if collection of principal or
interest is considered doubtful.

All interest accrued but not received for loans placed on
nonaccrual is reversed against interest income. Interest
received on such loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or
cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual.
Loans are returned to accrual status when all principal and
interest amounts contractually due are brought current and
future payments are reasonably assured.

Allowance for Loan Losses. The allowance for loan losses
is a valuation allowance for probable incurred credit losses.
Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management
believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed.
Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance.
Management estimates the allowance balance required using past
loan loss experience, the nature and volume of the portfolio,
information about specific borrower situations and estimated
collateral values, economic conditions, and other factors.
Allocations of the allowance may be made for specific loans, but
the entire allowance is available for any loan that, in
management s judgment, should be charged off.

The allowance consists of specific and general components. The
specific component relates to loans that are individually
classified as impaired or loans otherwise classified as
substandard or doubtful. The general component covers
non-classified loans and is based on historical loss experience
adjusted for current factors.

A loan is impaired when full payment under the loan terms is not
expected. Commercial and commercial real estate loans are
individually evaluated for impairment. If a loan is impaired, a
portion of the allowance is allocated so that the loan is
reported, net, at the present value of estimated future cash
flows using the loan s existing rate or at the fair value
of collateral if repayment is expected solely from the
collateral. Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans,
such as consumer and residential real estate loans, are
collectively evaluated for impairment, and accordingly, they are
not separately identified for impairment disclosures.

Other Real Estate Owned. Other real estate owned is
comprised of a property recorded at the lower of cost or market
based upon the appraised value.

Premises and Equipment. Premises and equipment include
leasehold improvements and are stated at cost, less accumulated
depreciation and amortization on the straight-line method over
the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets ranging
from 5 to 10 years or the terms of the related leases. The
Company leases the premises upon which it conducts business.
Furniture, fixtures, and equipment are depreciated using the
straight-line (or accelerated) method with useful lives ranging
from 5 to 7 years. Maintenance, repairs, taxes, and
insurance are charged to noninterest expense.

41

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Foreclosed Assets. Assets acquired through or instead of
loan foreclosure are initially recorded at fair value when
acquired, establishing a new cost basis. If fair value declines
subsequent to foreclosure, a valuation allowance is recorded
through expense. Costs after acquisition are expensed.

Income Taxes. Income tax expense is the total of the
current year income tax due or refundable and the change in
deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are the expected future tax amounts for the
temporary differences between carrying amounts and tax bases of
assets and liabilities, computed using enacted tax rates.

Comprehensive Income. Comprehensive income consists of
net income and other comprehensive income. Other comprehensive
income includes the reclassification and tax effects of the
change in unrealized gains and losses on available for sale
securities, which are recognized as a separate component of
equity.

Postretirement Health Care Benefits. The liability for
postretirement benefits is reported by recognizing the expense
for such benefits over the period services are rendered by
employees.

Fair Values of Financial Instruments. Fair values of
financial instruments are estimated using relevant market
information and other assumptions as more fully disclosed in
Note 17 Fair Values of Financial Instruments to
the consolidated financial statements. Fair value estimates
involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment
regarding interest rates, credit risk, prepayments, and other
factors, especially in the absence of broad markets for
particular items. Changes in assumptions or in market conditions
could significantly affect the estimates.

Loan Commitments and Related Financial Instruments. 
Financial instruments include off-balance-sheet credit
instruments, such as commitments to make loans and commercial
letters of credit, issued to meet customer financing needs. The
face amount for these items represents the exposure to loss,
before considering customer collateral or ability to repay. Such
financial instruments are recorded when they are funded.
Instruments, such as standby letters of credit, that are
considered financial guarantees in accordance with FASB
Interpretation No. 45 are recorded at fair value.

Loss Contingencies. Loss contingencies, including claims
and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business,
are recorded as liabilities when the likelihood of loss is
probable and an amount or range of loss can be reasonably
estimated. Management does not believe there now are such
matters that will have a material effect on the financial
statements.

42

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Stock-Based Compensation. Employee compensation expense
under stock options is reported using the intrinsic value
method. No stock-based compensation cost is reflected in net
income, as all options granted had an exercise price equal to or
greater than the market price of the underlying common stock at
date of grant. The following table illustrates the effect on net
income and earnings per share if expense was measured using the
fair value recognition provisions of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standard Statement No. 123(R), Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation. Earnings and dividends per share
are restated for all stock splits and dividends through the date
of issue of the financial statements.

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

(In thousands, except per 

share data) 

Net income as reported

966 

1,282 

1,036 

Deduct: Stock-based compensation expense determined under fair
 value based method

64 

52 

49 

Pro forma net income

902 

1,230 

987 

Basic earnings per share as reported

0.48 

0.64 

0.52 

Pro forma basic earnings per share

0.45 

0.62 

0.50 

Diluted earnings per share as reported

0.47 

0.63 

0.52 

Pro forma diluted earnings per share

0.44 

0.61 

0.49 

The weighted average fair value of individual options granted
was 3.68, 1.94, and 1.82 in 2005, 2004, and 2003. The pro
forma effects are computed using option pricing models, using
the following weighted-average assumptions as of grant date.

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Risk-free interest rate

3.94 

3.65 

3.00 

Expected option life

7.50 years 

7.50 years 

7.50 years 

Expected stock price volatility

22 

13 

12 

Dividend yield

1.7 

1.8 

1.1 

Earnings Per Share. Basic earnings per common share is
net income divided by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per
common share includes the dilutive effect of additional
potential common shares issuable under stock options.

Newly issued accounting pronouncements. FAS 123R
requires all public companies to record compensation costs for
stock options provided to employees in return for employee
service. The cost is measured at the fair value of the options
when granted, and this cost is expensed over the employee
service period, which is normally the vesting period of the
options. This applies to awards granted or modified after the
first year beginning after December 15, 2005. Compensation
cost will also be recorded for prior option grants that vest
after the date of adoption. The effect on results of operations
will depend on the level of future option grants and the
calculation of the fair value of the options granted at such
future date, as well as the vesting periods provided, and so
cannot currently be predicted. Existing options that vest after
adoption date are expected to result in additional compensation
expense pre tax of approximately 98,000 in 2006, 80,000 in
2007, 63,000 in 2008, 36,000 in 2009, and 25,000 in 2010.
There will be no significant effect on financial position as
total equity will not change.

SOP 03-3 requires that a valuation allowance for loans acquired
in a transfer, including in a business combination, reflect only
losses incurred after acquisition and should not be recorded at
acquisition. It applies to any loan acquired in a transfer that
showed evidence of credit quality deterioration since it was
made.

43

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Dividend Restriction. Banking regulations require the
maintenance of certain capital levels and may limit the amount
of dividends that may be paid by the Bank to the Bancorp or by
the Bancorp to the stockholders.

Reclassifications. Certain items in prior years 
financial statements have been reclassified to conform with the
current year s presentation. These reclassifications did
not change previously reported stockholders equity or net
income.

Note 2: 
 
 Restrictions on Cash and Due from Banks 

Cash on hand or on deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank of
 1,113,000 and 1,423,000 was required to meet regulatory
reserve and clearing requirements at year end 2005 and 2004.
These balances do not earn interest.

Note 3: 
 
 Securities 

The fair value of securities available-for-sale and the related
gross unrealized gains and losses recognized in accumulated
other comprehensive income were as follows (in thousands):

Gross 
 
 Gross 

Fair 
 
 Unrealized 
 
 Unrealized 

Value 
 
 Gains 
 
 Losses 

December 31, 2005

U.S. agencies

7,394 

(116) 

States and political subdivisions

4,454 

2 

(52) 

Mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage
 obligations

5,461 

2 

(144) 

AMF Adjustable Rate Mortgage Fund

14,823 

(383) 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock

1,418 

Total securities available-for-sale

33,550 

4 

(695) 

December 31, 2004

U.S. agencies

8,004 

21 

(37) 

States and political subdivisions

3,555 

38 

(4) 

Mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage
 obligations

7,367 

21 

(36) 

AMF Adjustable Rate Mortgage Fund

14,832 

(185) 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock

1,412 

Total securities available-for-sale

35,170 

80 

(262) 

44

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The scheduled maturities of securities available-for-sale at
December 31, 2005 were as follows. Securities not due at a
single maturity date are shown separately (in thousands):

Fair Value 

Due in one year or less

1,298 

Due after one year through five years

9,398 

Due after five years through ten years

1,152 

Total

11,848 

AMF Adjustable Rate Mortgage Fund

14,823 

Mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage
 obligations

5,461 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock

1,418 

Total

33,550 

Sales of securities available-for-sale were as follows (in
thousands):

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Proceeds

2,525 

5,433 

Gross gains

25 

56 

Gross losses

(10) 

Securities with an estimated carrying value of 16,070,000 and
 9,880,000 at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively,
were pledged to secure public deposits and for other purposes
required or permitted by law. The Company is required to
maintain a minimum investment in the stock of the FHLB of
Seattle based on certain percentages of outstanding mortgage
loans or advances from FHLB. At December 31, 2005, the
minimum required investment was 1,151,500, which the Company
exceeded. Dividend income from the FHLB stock was 6,000,
 40,000, and 74,000, for 2005, 2004, and 2003, respectively.

Securities with unrealized losses at year-end 2005, aggregated
by investment category and length of time that individual
securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position,
are as follows (in thousands):

Less than 12 Months 
 
 12 Months or More 
 
 Total 

Fair 
 
 Unrealized 
 
 Fair 
 
 Unrealized 
 
 Fair 
 
 Unrealized 

Value 
 
 Loss 
 
 Value 
 
 Loss 
 
 Value 
 
 Loss 

Description of Securities

US agencies

496 

(4) 

6,898 

(112) 

7,394 

(116) 

State and political subdivisions

3,278 

(41) 

694 

(11) 

3,972 

(52) 

Mortgage-backed securities

436 

(3) 

4,755 

(141) 

5,191 

(144) 

AMF Adjustable Rate Mortgage Fund

188 

(2) 

14,635 

(381) 

14,823 

(383) 

Total temporarily impaired

4,398 

(50) 

26,982 

(645) 

31,380 

(695) 

At December 31, 2005, securities with unrealized losses
have an aggregate depreciation of 2.2 percent from the
Company s amortized cost basis. The unrealized losses are
predominately the result of changing market values due to
increasing short-term (less than two years) market interest
rates, are expected to regain the lost value with stable or
declining interest rates in keeping with the pattern of past
economic cycles, and, accordingly, are considered as temporary.
No credit issues have been identified that cause management to
believe the declines in market value are other than temporary.
The Company has the ability to hold these securities until
maturity or for the foreseeable future.

45

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The Net Asset Value (NAV) of the AMF Adjustable Rate
Mortgage Fund has declined with recent increases in short term
interest rates. With respect to the ARM Fund investment, the
historical performance of the fund shows that as interest rates
slow their rate of ascent, are stable, or as rates decline, the
fund recovers its value (that is, the degree of impairment
reverses) through increases in its market net asset value.
Management expects the ARM Fund to recover value following a
decline due to a rising interest rate environment once rates
stabilize and the underlying adjustable rate mortgages reprice
to market. The Company has the ability and intent to hold the
investment for a sufficient period of time for any anticipated
recovery in fair value.

Securities with unrealized losses at December 31, 2004,
aggregated by investment category and length of time that
individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss
position, are as follows (in thousands):

Less than 12 Months 
 
 12 Months or More 
 
 Total 

Fair 
 
 Unrealized 
 
 Fair 
 
 Unrealized 
 
 Fair 
 
 Unrealized 

Value 
 
 Loss 
 
 Value 
 
 Loss 
 
 Value 
 
 Loss 

Description of Securities

U.S. agencies

3,495 

(25) 

988 

(12) 

4,483 

(37) 

State and political subdivisions

891 

(4) 

891 

(4) 

Mortgage-backed securities

6,210 

(36) 

31 

6,241 

(36) 

AMF Adjustable Rate Mortgage Fund

283 

(1) 

14,549 

(184) 

14,832 

(185) 

Total temporarily impaired

10,879 

(66) 

15,568 

(196) 

26,447 

(262) 

At December 31, 2004, securities with unrealized losses had
an aggregate depreciation of 1.0 percent from the
Company s amortized cost basis. The unrealized losses are
predominately the result of changing market values due to
increasing short-term (less than two years) market interest
rates, are expected to regain the lost value with stable or
declining interest rates in keeping with the pattern of past
economic cycles, and, accordingly, are considered as temporary.
No credit issues were identified that caused management to
believe the declines in market value were other than temporary.

Note 4: 
 
 Loans 

The Company originates loans primarily in King, Snohomish, and
Pierce Counties. Although the Company has a diversified loan
portfolio, local economic conditions may affect the
borrower s ability to meet stated repayment terms.
Collateral may, depending on the loan, include accounts
receivable, inventory, equipment, and real estate. Loans are
originated at both fixed and variable rates.

Loans at December 31 consisted of the following (in
thousands):

2005 
 
 2004 

Commercial

61,921 

55,563 

Real estate mortgage

105,097 

78,673 

Real estate construction

6,953 

11,538 

Consumer

14,939 

13,685 

Other including overdrafts

278 

197 

Total

189,188 

159,656 

46

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Loans at December 31, 2005, by maturity or repricing date
were as follows (in thousands):

Fixed 
 
 Variable 

Rate 
 
 Rate 
 
 Total 

Due in one year or less

11,100 

83,471 

94,571 

Due after one year through five years

23,893 

43,243 

67,136 

Due after five years

21,776 

4,970 

26,746 

Total

56,769 

131,684 

188,453 

Loans on which the accrual of interest has been discontinued

735 

Total

189,188 

Unamortized deferred loan fees net of unamortized origination
costs were 797,000 and 695,000 at December 31, 2005 and
2004, respectively.

The aggregate amount of loans serviced for others, including
loan participations and the sold portion of U.S. government
guaranteed loans, was 7,995,000 at December 31, 2005 and
 9,388,000 at December 31, 2004.

At December 31, 2005 and 2004, loans aggregating
 40,281,000 and 22,258,000, respectively, were reported as
available as collateral for the advances from the FHLB of
Seattle, as described in Note 8 Borrowings and Junior
Subordinated Debt to the consolidated financial statements.

Loans to principal officers, directors, and their affiliates in
2005 were as follows (in thousands):

Beginning balance

1,048 

Repayments

(2,784) 

Additions

1,808 

Ending balance

72 

Note 5: 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 

Changes in the allowance for loan losses were as follows (in
thousands):

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Balance at January 1

1,887 

1,636 

1,690 

Recoveries credited to the allowance

40 

100 

45 

Provision for loan losses

423 

321 

233 

Loans charged off

(294) 

(170) 

(332) 

Balance at December 31

2,056 

1,887 

1,636 

A portion of the allowance for loan losses is allocated to
impaired loans. Information with respect to impaired loans and
the related allowance for loan losses is as follows (in
thousands):

2005 
 
 2004 

Impaired loans for which no allowance for loan losses was
 allocated

516 

65 

Impaired loans with an allocation of the allowance for loan
 losses

219 

483 

Total

735 

548 

Amount of the allowance for loan losses allocated

37 

298 

47

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2005 
 
 2004 

Average of impaired loans during the year

648 

155 

Interest income recognized during impairment

93 

2 

Cash-basis interest income recognized

93 

Nonperforming loans at December 31 were as follows (in
thousands):

2005 
 
 2004 

Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing

414 

5 

Loans accounted for on a nonaccrual basis

735 

213 

If interest on these nonaccrual loans had been recognized, such
 income would have been

29 

9 

Nonperforming loans and impaired loans are defined differently.
Some loans may be included in both categories, whereas other
loans may only be included in one category.

Note 6: 
 
 Premises and Equipment 

Premises and equipment at December 31 consisted of the
following (in thousands):

2005 
 
 2004 

Equipment and furniture

4,623 

3,948 

Leasehold improvements

2,959 

2,267 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization

(4,403) 

(3,639) 

Total

3,179 

2,576 

Depreciation expense amounted to 801,000, 663,000, and
 597,000 for 2005, 2004, and 2003, respectively.

Note 7: 
 
 Deposits 

The average rate paid on deposits was 2.00 for 2005 and 1.33 
for 2004. Time certificates of deposit in denominations of
 100,000 or more aggregated 39,604,000 and 30,399,000,
including 19,300,000 and 15,800,000 of public funds from the
State of Washington at December 31, 2005 and 2004,
respectively. Interest expense on time deposits of 100,000 or
more in 2005, 2004, and 2003 was 1,056,000, 503,000, and
 298,000, respectively.

The scheduled maturities of certificates of deposits at
December 31, 2005 were as follows (in thousands):

2006

60,089 

2007

4,953 

2008

1,762 

2009

75 

Total

66,879 

Note 8: 
 
 Borrowings and Junior Subordinated Debt 

At December 31, 2005, the Company has a 5,000,000
revolving line of credit with a correspondent bank, of which
none is outstanding. The note is secured by the common stock of
the Bank and bears interest at Prime less 0.50 percent,
payable quarterly.

48

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB are
summarized as follows (in thousands):

December 31, 

2005 
 
 2004 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Average Rate 
 
 Amount 
 
 Average Rate 
 
 Amount 

Advances from the FHLB due

2006

4.74 

5,580 

4.78 

3,654 

2007

4.64 

5,084 

4.84 

2,880 

2008

4.10 

2,185 

4.17 

2,347 

2009

4.77 

3,000 

3.37 

1,186 

2010

4.91 

2,000 

4.57 

1,000 

2011

4.96 

2,000 

2012

4.98 

2,000 

2013

4.92 

1,000 

2014

4.95 

1,000 

Total

4.73 

23,849 

4.50 

11,067 

These advances were collateralized in aggregate, as provided for
in the Advance Security and Deposit Agreement with the FHLB, by
FHLB stock owned, deposits with the FHLB, qualifying first
mortgage loans, and certain U.S. government agency
securities. At December 31, 2005, none of the advances have
adjustable rates. Although the Company does not anticipate
replacement of FHLB advances, if repayments were to occur prior
to the contractual maturities, prepayment fees could be assessed.

In May 2002, Bancorp formed EvergreenBancorp Capital
Trust I the Trust a statutory trust formed
under the laws of the State of Delaware and a wholly owned
financing subsidiary of the Bancorp. In May 2002, the Trust
issued 5 million in trust preferred securities in a
private placement offering. Simultaneously with the issuance of
the trust preferred securities by the Trust, the Bancorp issued
junior subordinated debentures to the Trust. The junior
subordinated debentures are the sole assets of the Trust. The
junior subordinated debentures and the trust preferred
securities pay distributions and dividends, respectively, on a
quarterly basis, which are included in interest expense. The
interest rate payable on the debentures and the trust preferred
securities resets quarterly and is equal to the three-month
LIBOR plus 3.50 (7.55 at December 31, 2005), provided
that this rate cannot exceed 12.0 through June 30, 2007.
The junior subordinated debentures are callable in 2007, at
which time management will examine options to refinance; the
debentures will mature in 2032, at which time the preferred
securities must be redeemed. The Bancorp has provided a full,
irrevocable, and unconditional guarantee on a subordinated basis
of the obligations of the Trust under the preferred securities
as set forth in such guarantee agreement. Debt issuance costs
totaling 209,000 were capitalized related to the offering and
are being amortized over the estimated life of the junior
subordinated debentures.

Prior to 2003, the Trust was consolidated in the Company s
financial statements, with the trust preferred securities issued
by the Trust reported in liabilities as guaranteed
preferred beneficial interests and the subordinated
debentures eliminated in consolidation. Under current accounting
guidance, FASB Interpretation No. 46, as revised in
December 2003, the Trust is no longer consolidated with the
Company. Accordingly, the Company does not report the securities
issued by the Trust as liabilities, and instead reports as
liabilities the subordinated debentures issued by the Company
and held by the Trust, as these are no longer eliminated in
consolidation. The effect of no longer consolidating the Trust
does not change the amounts reported as the Company s
assets, liabilities, equity, or interest expense. Accordingly,
the amounts previously reported as guaranteed preferred
beneficial interests in liabilities have been recaptioned
 junior subordinated debt and continue to be
presented in liabilities on the balance sheet.

49

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 9: 
 
 Stockholders Equity 

On November 4, 2003, the Bancorp s Board of Directors
approved a 10 stock dividend payable on November 26, 2003
to stockholders of record as of November 14, 2003. The
stock dividend also affected stock options previously granted
and shares available for grant under the Amended 2000 Plan.

On October 21, 2004 , the Bancorp s Board of
Directors approved a five-for-four stock split payable
November 30, 2004 to stockholders of record as of
November 15, 2004. The five-for-four stock split also
affected stock options previously granted and shares available
for grant under the Amended 2000 Plan.

On September 15, 2005, the Bancorp s Board of
Directors approved a four-for-three stock split payable
October 25, 2005 to stockholders of record as of
October 11, 2005. The four-for-three stock split also
affected stock options previously granted and shares available
for grant under the Amended 2000 Plan.

Note 10: 
 
 Income Taxes 

Income tax expense for the years ended December 31
consisted of the following (in thousands):

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Currently payable

595 

816 

572 

Deferred

(178) 

(210) 

(82) 

Total

417 

606 

490 

A reconciliation between the statutory federal income tax rates
(maximum of 34 and the effective income tax rate was as
follows (in thousands):

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Federal income tax at statutory rates

470 

642 

519 

Decrease in taxes resulting from tax-exempt interest income

(39) 

(30) 

(31) 

Bank owned life insurance

(31) 

Nondeductible expenses and other

17 

(6) 

2 

Total

417 

606 

490 

50

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The components of the deferred income tax asset included in
other assets were as follows (in thousands):

2005 
 
 2004 

Deferred tax asset

Provision for loan losses

607 

559 

Postretirement health care benefits

472 

414 

Unamortized loan fees, net of loan costs

265 

236 

Accrued vacation pay

108 

89 

Unrealized losses on securities available-for-sale net

235 

62 

1,687 

1,360 

Deferred tax liability

Federal Home Loan Bank stock dividends

(262) 

(258) 

Depreciation

(121) 

(144) 

Other

(10) 

(15) 

(393) 

(417) 

Net deferred income tax asset

1,294 

943 

Note 11: 
 
 Stock Option Plan 

In April of 2000, the shareholders of the Bank adopted the 2000
Stock Option Plan that was subsequently adopted by Bancorp as a
result of the holding company formation. In April of 2003, the
shareholders of Bancorp approved an amendment to the 2000 Stock
Option Plan to increase the number of shares available under the
plan by 66,000 Amended 2000 Plan ). The Amended 2000
Plan currently provides for the grant of options to purchase up
to 329,724 shares of common stock. Options available under
the plan have been adjusted for all applicable stock dividends
and stock splits paid by the Company. As of December 31,
2005, approximately 68,675 shares of common stock were
available for future grant under the Amended 2000 Plan.

The Amended 2000 Plan provides for the granting of non-qualified
and incentive stock options to certain employees and directors.
Non-qualified stock options granted to employees vest over a
five-year period and expire after ten years from the date of
grant. Nonqualified stock options granted to directors vest over
a three-year period and expire after three years, three months
from the date of grant.

Stock option transactions were as follows:

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Weighted- 

Weighted- 

Weighted- 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Exercise 

Exercise 

Exercise 

Shares 
 
 Price 
 
 Shares 
 
 Price 
 
 Shares 
 
 Price 

Outstanding at the beginning of the year

191,440 

8.15 

176,771 

7.62 

143,507 

7.28 

Granted

45,334 

13.72 

31,667 

10.65 

55,917 

8.90 

Exercised

(8,524) 

6.29 

(8,899) 

7.76 

(12,711) 

6.89 

Forfeited

(8,099) 

8.28 

(9,942) 

8.30 

Outstanding at the end of the year

228,250 

9.32 

191,440 

8.15 

176,771 

7.62 

51

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Outstanding and exercisable stock options at year-end 2005 were
as follows:

Outstanding 
 
 Exercisable 

Weighted- 

Average 

Weighted- 

Year of 

Remaining 

Average 

Exercise Price 
 
 Grant 
 
 Number 
 
 Contractual Life 
 
 Number 
 
 Exercise Price 

13.72

2005 

45,326 

7.72 years 

13.72 

10.65

2004 

31,107 

8.12 years 

6,125 

10.65 

8.90

2003 

40,941 

6.23 years 

15,802 

8.90 

8.02

2002 

33,530 

6.30 years 

19,636 

8.02 

7.01

2001 

42,664 

5.28 years 

34,143 

7.01 

6.84

2000 

34,682 

4.81 years 

34,682 

6.84 

Outstanding at end of year

228,250 

6.40 years 

110,388 

9.30 

Note 12: 
 
 Earnings Per Share of Common Stock 

Basic earnings per share of common stock are computed on the
basis of the weighted average number of common stock shares
outstanding. Diluted earnings per share of common stock is
computed on the basis of the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding plus the effect of the assumed conversion of
outstanding stock options. All computations of basic and diluted
earnings per share are adjusted for all applicable stock splits
and dividends paid on the Company s common stock.

A reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used in the
calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share of common
stock is as follows (in thousands, except share and per share
data):

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Income (numerator):

Net Income

966 

1,282 

1,036 

Shares (denominator):

Weighted average number of common stock shares
 outstanding basic

1,997,429 

1,988,979 

1,976,588 

Dilutive effect of outstanding employee and director stock
 options

45,276 

34,502 

21,529 

Weighted average number of common stock shares outstanding and
 assumed conversions diluted

2,042,705 

2,023,481 

1,998,117 

Basic earnings per share of common stock

0.48 

0.64 

0.52 

Diluted earnings per share of common stock

0.47 

0.63 

0.52 

Note 13: 
 
 Retirement Benefits 

The Company participates in a multi-employer defined
contribution retirement plan. The 401(k) plan permits all
salaried employees to contribute up to a maximum of 15 of gross
salary per month. For the first 6 , the Company contributes two
dollars for each dollar the employee contributes. Partial
vesting of Company contributions to the plan begins at 20 after
two years of employment, and such contributions are 100 vested
with five years of employment. The Company s contributions
to the plan for 2005, 2004, and 2003 were 321,000, 275,000,
and 266,000, respectively.

52

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The Company also participates in multiple-employer defined
benefit postretirement health care plans that provide medical
and dental coverage to directors and surviving spouses and to
employees who retire after age 62 and 15 years of
full-time service and their dependents. Effective
January 1, 2005, new medical plans were implemented, a new
dental plan was implemented, and a separate vision plan,
previously included as part of the former medical plans, was
added. Retirees are eligible for one medical plan. The medical,
dental and vision plans are nonfunded.

The Company has adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 106,
 Employers Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other
Than Pensions . SFAS No. 106 requires that
employers recognize the cost of providing postretirement
benefits over an employee s active service period. Net
periodic postretirement benefit cost under
SFAS No. 106 was 236,000 in 2005, 218,000 in 2004,
and 178,000 in 2003.

The Company uses a September 30 measurement date for its
plans. Net periodic postretirement benefit cost for 2005, 2004,
and 2003 included the following components (in thousands):

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Service cost

126 

90 

68 

Interest cost

95 

87 

73 

Amortization of transition obligation

41 

41 

Amortization of prior service cost

(5) 

Recognized actuarial (gain) loss

20 

(4) 

Net periodic benefit cost

236 

218 

178 

A reconciliation of the benefit obligation at the beginning and
end of the year and the effects attributable to each cost
component for 2005, 2004, and 2003 are as follows (in thousands):

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Benefit obligation at beginning of year

1,605 

1,337 

1,204 

Service cost

125 

90 

68 

Interest cost

95 

87 

73 

Plan participants contributions

3 

Amendments

(396) 

Actuarial loss

533 

128 

24 

Benefits paid

(37) 

(37) 

(32) 

Benefit obligation at end of year

1,928 

1,605 

1,337 

The fair value of plan assets at the beginning and end of the
year and the changes during 2005, 2004, and 2003 are as follows
(in thousands):

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year

Employer contribution

37 

37 

32 

Benefits paid

(37) 

(37) 

(32) 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

53

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The funded status (the excess of the benefit obligation over the
fair value of plan assets at the end of the year) of the plan is
reconciled to the accrued benefit cost at December 31,
2005, 2004, and 2003, as follows (in thousands):

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Funded status

(1,928) 

(1,605) 

(1,337) 

Unrecognized transition obligation

326 

367 

Unrecognized prior service cost

(66) 

Unrecognized actuarial (gain) loss

577 

60 

(69) 

Accrued benefit cost

(1,417) 

(1,219) 

(1,039) 

The weighted-average discount rate used in determining the
benefit obligation was 5.50 for 2005, 5.75 for 2004, and 6.00 
for 2003. The weighted average discount rate used in determining
the net periodic benefit cost was 5.75 in 2005, 6.00 in 2004,
and 6.50 in 2003.

The assumed rate of increase for 2006 in per capita cost of
covered benefits is 11.0 for medical benefits, 7.5 for dental
benefits, and 3.0 for vision benefits. The rate for medical
benefits was assumed to decrease gradually to 5.0 in 2018,
while the rate for vision benefits was assumed to be constant
at 3.0 .

Assumed health-care-cost trend rates have a significant effect
on the amounts reported for the health care plans. A
one-percentage-point change in assumed health-care-cost trend
rates would have the following effects (in thousands):

1-Percentage- 
 
 1-Percentage- 

Point 
 
 Point 

Increase 
 
 Decrease 

Effect on total of service and interest cost components

55 

(42) 

Effect on benefit obligation

404 

(317) 

The Company does not expect to make contributions in excess of
benefits payments in 2006. The following benefits payments,
which reflect expected future service, are expected (in
thousands):

2006

44 

2007

47 

2008

52 

2009

58 

2010

65 

2011-2016

560 

Note 14: 
 
 Leases 

The Company leases premises and parking facilities for the
Eastlake and Lynnwood offices from PEMCO Mutual Insurance
Company under leases expiring from March 31, 2006 to
March 31, 2007. The Company leases the Federal Way, South
Lake Union, Bellevue, and Third & Seneca premises from
other parties. These leases expire from June 30, 2008,
August 31, 2009, May 31, 2011, and April 30,
2015, respectively. Total rental expense, including amounts paid
under month-to -month
cancelable leases, amounted to 678,000, 575,000, and 556,000
for 2005, 2004, and 2003, respectively.

54

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The future minimum rental commitments as of December 31,
2005 for all noncancelable leases are as follows (in thousands):

2006

647 

2007

469 

2008

388 

2009

356 

2010

346 

Thereafter

1,113 

Total

3,319 

Note 15: 
 
 Agreements with Related Parties 

The Company shares common services and support activities with
other companies located at PEMCO Financial Center. Those
companies include PEMCO Insurance Company, PEMCO Mutual
Insurance Company, PEMCO Life Insurance Company, PEMCO
Foundation, Inc., PEMCO Corporation, PCCS, Inc., PEMCO
Technology Services, Inc., Public Employees Insurance Agency,
Inc., and School Employees Credit Union of Washington. Such
shared functions include human resources, employee benefits,
legal services, and purchasing. Total costs associated with
these shared services amounted to 239,000, 256,000, and
 325,000 for 2005, 2004, and 2003, respectively.

In addition, data processing expense for services provided by
PCCS, Inc., PEMCO Corporation, PEMCO Mutual Insurance Company,
and PEMCO Technology Services, Inc. for 2005, 2004, and 2003 was
 346,000, 346,000, and 424,000, respectively.

At December 31, 2005, approximately 13.50 of the
Company s deposits are from other companies located at
PEMCO Financial Center.

Two of the members of the Boards of Directors of the Bancorp and
the Bank are also minority directors of one or more of the other
companies located at PEMCO Financial Center, except for the
School Employees Credit Union of Washington.

Note 16: 
 
 Commitments and Contingencies 

In the normal course of business, there are various commitments
and contingent liabilities (such as guarantees, commitments to
extend credit, letters of credit, and lines of credit) that are
not presented in the financial statements. Such
off-balance-sheet items are recognized in the financial
statements when they are funded or related fees are received.
The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments
and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance-sheet
instruments. The off-balance-sheet items do not represent
unusual elements of credit risk in excess of the amounts
recognized in the balance sheets.

The distribution of commitments to extend credit approximates
the distribution of loans outstanding as set forth in
Note 4 Loans to the consolidated financial
statements. Commercial and standby letters of credit and similar
arrangements are granted primarily to commercial borrowers.

The Company is not aware of any claims or lawsuits that would
have a materially adverse effect on the financial position of
the Company.

55

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The Company s significant commitments and contingent
liabilities at December 31, 2005 were as follows (in
thousands):

2005 
 
 2004 

Fixed 
 
 Variable 
 
 Fixed 
 
 Variable 

Lines of credit

6,696 

40,250 

6,369 

38,287 

Commitments to extend credit

5,340 

1,935 

Standby letters of credit and similar arrangements

145 

95 

Note 17: 
 
 Fair Values of Financial Instruments 

The estimated fair values of the Company s financial
instruments at December 31 were as follows (in thousands):

2005 
 
 2004 

Book 
 
 Fair 
 
 Book 
 
 Fair 

Value 
 
 Value 
 
 Value 
 
 Value 

Financial assets

Cash and cash equivalents

17,302 

17,302 

12,145 

12,145 

Securities available-for-sale

33,550 

33,550 

35,170 

35,170 

Net loans

187,132 

185,596 

157,769 

157,491 

Accrued interest receivable

931 

931 

684 

684 

Financial liabilities

Deposits

199,890 

199,820 

173,801 

173,639 

Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank

23,849 

23,702 

11,067 

11,194 

Junior subordinated debt

5,000 

5,000 

5,000 

5,000 

Accrued interest payable

347 

347 

190 

190 

The methods and assumptions used to estimate fair value are
described as follows.

Carrying amount is the estimated fair value for cash and cash
equivalents, short-term borrowings, FHLB stock, accrued interest
receivable and payable, demand deposits, short-term debt, and
variable rate loans or deposits that reprice frequently and
fully. Security fair values are based on market prices or dealer
quotes and, if no such information is available, on the rate and
term of the security and information about the issuer. For fixed
rate loans or deposits and for variable rate loans or deposits
with infrequent repricing or repricing limits, fair value is
based on discounted cash flows using current market rates
applied to the estimated life and credit risk. Fair values for
impaired loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis
or underlying collateral values. The fair value of loans held
for sale is based on market quotes. Fair value of debt is based
on current rates for similar financing. The fair value of
off-balance-sheet items is based on the current fees or cost
that would be charged to enter into or terminate such
arrangements.

Note 18: 
 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements 

The Company is subject to various regulatory capital
requirements administered by the federal banking agencies.
Failure to meet the minimum capital requirements can initiate
certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions
by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material
effect on the Company s financial statements. Under the
capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for
prompt corrective action, the Company must meet specific capital
adequacy guidelines that involve quantitative measures of each
entity s assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet
items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices.
Capital amounts and classifications also are subject to
qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk
weightings, and other factors.

56

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure
capital adequacy require banks and bank holding companies to
maintain the minimum amounts and ratios of total capital to
risk-weighted assets, Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted
assets, and Tier 1 capital to average assets as set forth
in the table below. Under the regulatory framework for prompt
corrective action, the Company must maintain other minimum
risk-based ratios as set forth in the table.

The most recent notification from the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the
regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be
categorized as well-capitalized, the Company must maintain the
minimum total risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based, and
Tier 1 leverage ratios set forth in the table. There are no
conditions or events since that notification that management
believes have changed the Company s category. The
Company s regulatory capital includes trust preferred
securities, which qualify up to 25 percent of Tier 1
Capital.

The actual capital amounts (in thousands) and ratios of the
Company and the Bank are presented in the table below.

Minimum to Be 

Well Capitalized 

Minimum for 
 
 Under the Prompt 

Capital Adequacy 
 
 Corrective Action 

Actual 
 
 Purposes 
 
 Provisions 

Amount 
 
 Ratio 
 
 Amount 
 
 Ratio 
 
 Amount 
 
 Ratio 

December 31, 2005 

Total capital (to risk-weighted assets)

Consolidated

24,997 

12.55 

15,939 

8.00 

N/A 

N/A 

Bank

24,626 

12.39 

15,898 

8.00 

19,873 

10.00 

Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets)

Consolidated

22,941 

11.51 

7,953 

4.00 

N/A 

N/A 

Bank

22,570 

11.36 

7,949 

4.00 

11,924 

6.00 

Tier 1 capital (to average assets)(1)

Consolidated

22,941 

10.25 

8,952 

4.00 

N/A 

N/A 

Bank

22,570 

10.10 

8,935 

4.00 

11,169 

5.00 

December 31, 2004 

Total capital (to risk-weighted assets)

Consolidated

24,305 

14.03 

13,826 

8.00 

N/A 

N/A 

Bank

23,651 

13.71 

13,805 

8.00 

17,256 

10.00 

Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets)

Consolidated

22,419 

12.94 

6,913 

4.00 

N/A 

N/A 

Bank

21,764 

12.61 

6,902 

4.00 

10,354 

6.00 

Tier 1 capital (to average assets)(1)

Consolidated

22,419 

11.07 

8,083 

4.00 

N/A 

N/A 

Bank

21,764 

10.77 

8,083 

4.00 

10,104 

5.00 

(1) 
 
 Also referred to as the leverage ratio 

57

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 19: 
 
 Condensed Financial Statements of Bancorp 

The following are condensed balance sheets at December 31,
2005 and 2004 and the related condensed statements of income and
cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004.

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands): 

2005 
 
 2004 

Assets 

Due from EvergreenBank

285 

438 

Investment in subsidiaries

22,365 

21,830 

Other assets

413 

284 

Total assets

23,063 

22,552 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Stockholders equity

17,736 

17,485 

Junior subordinated debt

5,000 

5,000 

Other liabilities

327 

67 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

23,063 

22,552 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (in thousands): 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Dividend income from EvergreenBank

870 

495 

886 

Interest expense

345 

253 

240 

Other expense

453 

370 

3 

Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in undistributed
 income of subsidiary

72 

(128) 

643 

Income tax benefit

243 

208 

83 

Equity in undistributed income of subsidiary

651 

1,202 

310 

Net income

966 

1,282 

1,036 

58

Table of Contents 

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands): 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income

966 

1,282 

1,036 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
 operating activities

Equity in undistributed income of subsidiary

(651) 

(1,202) 

(310) 

Other changes, net

231 

146 

(79) 

Net cash provided by operating activities

546 

226 

647 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Capital contributed to subsidiary

Investment in EvergreenBancorp Capital Trust I

Cash flows used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities 

Payment of dividends

(457) 

(382) 

(366) 

Repurchase of fractional shares

(7) 

(7) 

Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt, net

Proceeds from exercise of stock options

71 

69 

88 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

(393) 

(320) 

(278) 

Net increase (decrease) in cash

(153) 

(94) 

369 

Cash on deposit with EvergreenBank at beginning of year

438 

532 

163 

Cash on deposit with EvergreenBank at end of year

285 

438 

532 

Note 20: 
 
 Selected Quarterly Data (Unaudited) 

Quarter Ended 

March 31 
 
 June 30 
 
 September 30 
 
 December 31 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

2005

Interest income

3,179 

3,287 

3,513 

3,733 

Net interest income

2,461 

2,498 

2,608 

2,696 

Net income

299 

214 

201 

252 

Basic earnings per share

0.15 

0.10 

0.10 

0.13 

Diluted earnings per share

0.15 

0.10 

0.10 

0.12 

2004

Interest income

2,725 

2,702 

2,842 

3,094 

Net interest income

2,193 

2,158 

2,287 

2,464 

Net income

286 

280 

301 

415 

Basic earnings per share

0.14 

0.14 

0.15 

0.21 

Diluted earnings per share

0.14 

0.14 

0.15 

0.20 

59

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
 Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None.

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the
participation of the Company s management, including the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(e) 
promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended) as of December 31, 2005. Based upon, and as of the
date of that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the period
covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures are effective, in all material respects, in
timely alerting them to material information relating to the
Company (and its consolidated subsidiaries) required to be
disclosed in the reports the Company is required to file and
submit to the SEC under the Exchange Act.

There were no significant changes to the Company s internal
controls or in other factors that could significantly affect
these internal controls subsequent to the date the Company
carried out its evaluation of its internal controls.

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

Upon the recommendation of the compensation committee, in 2005,
Bancorp s board of directors approved an increase to the
fees paid to those nonemployee directors serving on the audit
committee from 2,500 to 5,000 per year.

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

Information regarding directors and executive officers is
included in Bancorp s Proxy Statement for its 2006 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders the Proxy Statement under
the heading Election of Directors Information
with Respect to Nominees and Directors Whose Terms
Continue, Executive Officers, and
 Compliance with Section 16(a) Filing
Requirements and is incorporated herein by reference.
References within the Proxy Statement to the Company 
refer only to Bancorp.

Bancorp s Board of Directors has determined that Carole J.
Grisham, Bancorp s Audit Committee Chair, is an audit
committee financial expert as described in
Item 401(h)(2)-(3) of
Regulation S-K. 
Ms. Grisham is independent of management, as that term is
used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Bancorp has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its
principal executive officer, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer or controller, and any persons
performing similar functions. A copy of Bancorp s Code of
Ethics for Senior Financial Officers can be found as an exhibit
to Bancorp s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2003.

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

Information concerning compensation of executive officers and
directors is included in Bancorp s Proxy Statement under
the headings Meetings and Committees of the Board of
Directors Compensation of Directors and
 Executive Compensation and is incorporated herein by
reference.

60

Table of Contents 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
 Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial
owners and management is included in Bancorp s Proxy
Statement under the headings Security
Ownership Directors and Executive Officers and
 Beneficial Owners and is incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

Information regarding certain relationships and related
transactions is included in Bancorp s Proxy Statement under
the heading entitled Transactions with Directors,
Executive Officers and Associates and is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Information regarding the fees Bancorp paid to its independent
accountants, Crowe Chizek and Company LLC, during 2005 is
included in Bancorp s Proxy Statement under the heading
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and
the information included therein is incorporated herein by
reference.

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

The financial statements required by Item 8 of this report
are filed as part of this report.

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are
not applicable or not required, or because the required
information is included in the consolidated financial statements
or the notes thereto.

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3 
 .1 

Restated Articles of Incorporation of Registrant dated
 July 25, 2001 (incorporated by reference to
 Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2001) 

3 
 .2 

Bylaws of Registrant dated February 14, 2001 (incorporated
 by reference to Registrant s Form 10-K for the year
 ended December 31, 2001) 

10 
 .1 

2000 Stock Option Plan dated February 17, 2000 and adopted
 by Registrant effective June 20, 2001 (incorporated by
 reference to Registrant s Form S-8 Filed
 August 20, 2001; Reg. No. 333-67956) 

10 
 .2 

Incentive Stock Option Letter Agreement (incorporated by
 reference to Registrant s Form S-8 Filed
 August 20, 2001; Reg. No. 333-67956) 

10 
 .3 

Nonqualified Stock Option Letter Agreement (incorporated by
 reference to Registrant s Form S-8 Filed
 August 20, 2001; Reg. No. 333-67956) 

10 
 .4 

Directors Nonqualified Stock Option Letter Agreement
 (incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form S-8
 Filed August 20, 2001; Reg. No. 333-67956) 

10 
 .5 

Form of Change of Control Severance Agreement effective
 May 24, 2005 between the Bank and each of Gerald O.
 Hatler and William G. Filer II (incorporated by
 reference to Registrant s Form 8-K filed May 27,
 2005) 

10 
 .6 

PEMCO Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, effective
 August 1, 2005 (incorporated by reference to
 Registrant s Form 8-K filed July 27, 2005) 

10 
 .7 

PEMCO Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, effective
 August 1, 2005 (incorporated by reference to
 Registrant s Form 8-K filed July 27, 2005) 

61

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

10 
 .8 

Form of Change of Control Severance Agreement effective
 February 2, 2006 between the Bank and each of
 Michelle P. Worden and Valerie K. Blake (incorporated
 by reference to Registrant s Form 8-K filed
 February 8, 2006) 

10 
 .9 

Separation Agreement between the Bank and Susan L. Gates
 dated February 3, 2006 (incorporated by reference to
 Registrant s Form 8-K filed February 8, 2006) 

10 
 .10 

Lease between the Bank and EOP-Northwest Properties, L.L.C.
 dated January 17, 2005 (incorporated by reference to
 Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 March 31, 2005.) 

14 

Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers (incorporated by
 reference to Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2003) 

21 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23 

Independent Auditors Consent Crowe Chizek and
 Company LLC 

31 
 .1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Registrant required
 by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), adopted pursuant to
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31 
 .2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Registrant required
 by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), adopted pursuant to
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 
 .1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Registrant required
 by 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant to
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 
 .2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Registrant
 required by 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

62

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized on this 17th day of March, 2006.

EVERGREENBANCORP, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ GERALD O. HATLER 

Gerald O. Hatler 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant in the capacities indicated and on
the 17th day of March, 2006.

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ GERALD O. HATLER 
 Gerald O. Hatler 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/ WILLIAM G.
 FILER II 
 William G. Filer II 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/ RICHARD W. BALDWIN 
 Richard W. Baldwin 

Director 

/s/ C. DON FILER 
 C. Don Filer 

Director 

/s/ CAROLE J. GRISHAM 
 Carole J. Grisham 

Director 

/s/ ROBERT J. GROSSMAN 
 Robert J. Grossman 

Director 

/s/ J. THOMAS HANDY 
 J. Thomas Handy 

Director 

/s/ STAN W. MCNAUGHTON 
 Stan W. McNaughton 

Director 

/s/ RUSSEL E. OLSON 
 Russel E. Olson 

Director 

63

<EX-21>
 2
 v16802exv21.txt
 EXHIBIT 21

.
 .
 .

 EXHIBIT 21

 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

PERCENTAGE OF JURISDICTION OR STATE
 SUBSIDIARY OWNERSHIP OF INCORPORATION
 ---------- ------------- ---------------------
 
EvergreenBank 100 Washington
EvergreenBancorp Capital Trust I 100 Delaware

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 v16802exv23.txt
 EXHIBIT 23

Exhibit 23

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement
No. 333-67956 on Form S-8 of EvergreenBancorp, Inc. of our report dated
February 25, 2006 appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of
EvergreenBancorp, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2005.

/s/ Crowe Chizek and Company LLC
 --------------------------------
 Crowe Chizek and Company LLC

Oak Brook, Illinois
March 15, 2006

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 v16802exv31w1.txt
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-15(E) AND 15D-15(E)

I, Gerald O. Hatler, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of EvergreenBancorp, Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
 a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
 were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
 information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:

 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
 disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
 us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
 which this report is being prepared;

 (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
 and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
 of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

 (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
 the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
 our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
 the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
 of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
 operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
 record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
 employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting.

 Date: March 17, 2006

/s/ Gerald O. Hatler
- -------------------------------------
Gerald O. Hatler
President and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 v16802exv31w2.txt
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-15(E) AND 15D-15(E)

I, William G. Filer II, Chief Financial Officer, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of EvergreenBancorp, Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
 a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
 were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
 information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:

 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
 disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
 us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
 which this report is being prepared;

 (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
 and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
 of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

 (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
 the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
 our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
 the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
 of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
 operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
 record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
 employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting.

 Date: March 17, 2006

/s/ William G. Filer II
- -------------------------------------
William G. Filer II
Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 v16802exv32w1.txt
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of EvergreenBancorp, Inc. (the "Company")
on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2005 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Gerald
O. Hatler, Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
 material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

/s/ Gerald O. Hatler
- -------------------------------------
Gerald O. Hatler
President and Chief Executive Officer

March 17, 2006

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 v16802exv32w2.txt
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHBIT 32.2

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of EvergreenBancorp, Inc. (the "Company")
on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2005 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, William
G. Filer II, Chief Accounting Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that:

 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
 material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

/s/ William G. Filer II
- -------------------------------------
William G. Filer II
Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer

March 17, 2006

</EX-32.2>

