<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20060308_10-K_edgar_data_866830_0001193125-06-048235.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1167625</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>273406</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>9887</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>772611</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-06-048235.hdr.sgml : 20060308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060308144505
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-06-048235
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20051231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STAKTEK HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000866830
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				562354935
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50553
		FILM NUMBER:		06672770

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8900 SHOAL CREEK BLVD SUITE 125
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78757
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5124549531

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8900 SHOAL CREEK BLVD SUITE 125
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78757

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 FfIoX7GoKSR7YsF0UUG71w6FKprFwznh/YczGFAIuuOR6ZtK3YPrWAmITzkFMGGk
 DriP3eUz0wv1cGtMgiyQTQ==

 0001193125-06-048235.txt : 20060308

10-K
 1
 d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K (FYE 12-31-2005)

FORM 10-K (FYE 12-31-2005) 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Transition Period from to
 Commission File
Number 000-50553 

 STAKTEK HOLDINGS, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 
 56-2354935 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 8900 Shoal Creek Blvd., Austin, TX 78757 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (512) 454-9531 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which
Registered 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 NASDAQ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is
not contained herein and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form
10-K. YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer (as defined in Exchange Act Rule
12b-2). YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). YES NO The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates, computed by reference to the price at which the common equity
was last sold as of June 30, 2005, the end of the registrant s second fiscal quarter, was approximately 31,296,981 (assuming, for this purpose, that directors, executive officers and the investment funds affiliated with Austin Ventures,
L.P. are deemed affiliates). The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value, outstanding as of March 1,
2006, was 48,451,848. Documents Incorporated by Reference Portions of the Proxy Statement for the registrant s Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 
 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 
 
 12 
 
 Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 30 
 
 Item 2. 

Properties 
 
 30 
 
 Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 
 
 30 
 
 Item 4. 

Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 
 
 30 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 31 
 
 Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data 
 
 32 
 
 Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 33 
 
 Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 44 
 
 Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 45 
 
 Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 71 
 
 Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 
 
 71 
 
 Item 9B. 

Other Information 
 
 71 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 
 72 
 
 Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 
 
 72 
 
 Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 72 
 
 Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 
 72 
 
 Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 72 

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 73 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT EXCEPT FOR THE HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN, THE MATTERS DISCUSSED IN THIS REPORT ON FORM 10-K (AS WELL AS DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED
HEREIN BY REFERENCE) MAY BE CONSIDERED FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 27A OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND SECTION 21E OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. THESE FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS INCLUDE DECLARATIONS REGARDING THE INTENT, BELIEF OR CURRENT EXPECTATIONS OF STAKTEK HOLDINGS, INC. AND ITS MANAGEMENT, AND MAY BE EVIDENCED BY WORDS SUCH AS WE EXPECT, ANTICIPATE, TARGET, 
 PROJECT, BELIEVE, GOALS, ESTIMATE, POTENTIAL, PREDICT, MAY, MIGHT, COULD, INTEND, VARIATIONS OF THESE TYPES OF WORDS AND SIMILAR
EXPRESSIONS. YOU ARE CAUTIONED THAT ANY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ARE NOT GUARANTIES OF FUTURE PERFORMANCE AND INVOLVE A NUMBER OF RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES. ACTUAL RESULTS COULD DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE INDICATED BY THESE FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS. FACTORS THAT COULD CAUSE OR CONTRIBUTE TO THESE DIFFERENCES INCLUDE THOSE DISCUSSED UNDER ITEM 1A OF THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K AND ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT. STAKTEK HOLDINGS, INC. DISCLAIMS ANY INTENTION OR OBLIGATION TO
UPDATE OR REVISE ANY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS, WHETHER AS A RESULT OF NEW INFORMATION, FUTURE EVENTS OR OTHERWISE. ALL PERCENTAGE
AMOUNTS AND RATIOS WERE CALCULATED USING THE UNDERLYING DATA IN THOUSANDS. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS Staktek Holdings, Inc. was originally
formed by two investment funds affiliated with Austin Ventures, L.P. in May 2003 for the purpose of acquiring Staktek Corporation, which was incorporated in Texas in June 1990. In August 2003, we acquired by merger Staktek Corporation, which
survives as our wholly owned subsidiary. We refer to our acquisition of Staktek Corporation throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K as the Staktek acquisition. In addition, the terms Staktek, we, 
 us and our refer to Staktek Holdings, Inc. and all of its subsidiaries that are consolidated in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and its predecessor company, Staktek Corporation.
 Overview We are a leading
provider of intellectual property and services for next-generation, stacking and module technologies for high-speed, high-capacity systems. Our suite of memory solutions increases operational performance by doubling, tripling or
quadrupling the amount of memory in the same physical footprint as required by standard packaging technology. With an IP portfolio of more than 175 patents and patent applications pending, we offer flexibility for customers, including
outsourced manufacturing, technology licensing and custom engineering. We apply our expertise in packaged memory stacking to provide
intellectual property and services that enable our customers to cost-effectively improve the performance and reliability of their systems. By stacking industry-standard, current-generation memory packages, our Stakpak solutions can deliver up to
four times the memory capacity per memory module as compared to current-generation monolithic integrated circuits. Most of our units
contain stacked dynamic random access memory (DRAM) packages, but our stacking technologies can be used with Flash memory (a type of nonvolatile memory) and other packaged memory types and can be adapted to other emerging technologies. Our customers
can license our technologies for their in-house manufacturing of memory units, outsource their manufacturing needs to us, buy memory units from a licensee such as Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., Infineon Technologies A.G. or SMART Modular
Technologies, Inc., or optimize their needs through a combination of these approaches. Significant developments in 2005 included the
following: 

We renewed and expanded the license agreement we originally entered into with Samsung in July of 2000 for stacking DRAM using our stacking technology. 

We introduced our ArctiCore module technology, and also announced a license agreement with SMART Modular, in which we are licensing to SMART Modular this technology, as well as our Value, Performance and High
Performance Stakpaks . 

We introduced FlashStak and announced our first customer to incorporate FlashStak into its Flash memory product offerings. 

We continued to transition our manufacturing operations to our high-volume facility in Reynosa, Mexico, where we are now manufacturing over 95 of our units.

We named Wayne R. Lieberman as our new President and Chief Executive Officer, hired several new members of our management team and realigned our executive and technical
infrastructure to support our new growth strategy. 

We began adding sales capabilities outside of the United States. Near the end of 2005, we added a third-party sales agent in Korea, and in the first quarter of 2006, added an agent
in Japan. We plan to take similar actions in Hong Kong, China and throughout Europe to aid in our regional sales efforts. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Industry Trends Demand for Memory is Growing. The introduction of computing devices with greater processing power and more advanced operating systems and applications is driving the demand for greater
amounts of memory, and in particular, higher-capacity memory. In addition, the growing need for more bandwidth in storage and networking equipment, such as network servers and network transmission, is escalating the demand for greater amounts of
memory with faster performance characteristics. Similarly, the proliferation of next-generation routers, which utilize advanced transmission techniques to efficiently direct information across networks, is increasing the demand for both processing
power and memory within these devices. Key Market Dynamics Are Intensifying. Original equipment
manufacturers (OEMs) traditionally have sought to satisfy the need for higher capacity memory and faster memory speeds by using memory chips with higher densities of transistors and by increasing the number of connectors, or memory module sockets,
in their systems to support a greater number of memory chips. However, these approaches are becoming more difficult to implement because significant availability, pricing and performance issues slow the transition from one generation of monolithic
technology to the next and increasing memory bus speed limits the number of sockets that can be connected to each memory channel. Lagging Availability / Price-to-Performance Characteristics. In order to ensure that system parts, such as memory chips, are available to meet their production needs, OEMs typically require that parts be
available from multiple suppliers in sufficient volume prior to specifying a part for use within a system. Memory chips, or monolithic DRAM, formed from a single crystal of silicon have been introduced by semiconductor manufacturers with
ever-increasing memory capacity, with each new generation reflecting a doubling in available memory capacity. When first introduced, next-generation monolithic DRAM chips generally are only available in limited supply and command a significantly
higher price on a per bit basis when compared to current-generation DRAM chips. Until next-generation memory technologies become readily available and cost effective, it is not feasible for OEMs to specify these technologies for use other than in
their high-end, more costly systems, leaving their broader product markets underserved. Accelerating
Speeds. In order to improve system performance, OEMs are designing systems that contain multiple central processing units, or CPUs, with increasingly faster processing speeds. Since each CPU requires its own memory,
systems with multiple CPUs require correspondingly more memory capacity to avoid becoming a bottleneck to overall system performance. However, since the memory chips must function at accelerated speeds to keep pace with these faster CPUs, the number
of memory module sockets must be reduced to mitigate loss of signal integrity and signal path delay, thus limiting the number of memory modules that can be installed in a single system. Shrinking Form Factors. OEMs seek to design systems with smaller form factors to meet end-user demand for advanced
processing capabilities in physically smaller products, such as mobile devices and thinner, modular circuit boards that are designed to fit within a rack unit in a data center, including blade-server systems featuring high-speed interconnection to
enable networking capabilities that require less desktop equipment. In addition, as OEMs design systems with greater numbers of large CPUs, more memory is required in less available space. The combination of these factors causes OEMs to seek ways to
obtain greater memory capacity in less physical space. Thermal Management Challenges. When CPUs and memory
chips process information, they generate heat, which can compromise system performance and reliability if not properly managed. The denser packing of transistors in CPUs and memory chips and the increased speeds of these devices result in more heat
generation. Moreover, shrinking form factors at the system level require that these heat-generating parts be placed in a smaller space with less room for fans and other cooling devices. The combination of these factors magnifies the thermal
management challenges faced by OEMs. OEM Supply Chain Demands. OEMs typically subject new products and
technologies to rigorous and extensive testing and review prior to specifying them for use within their systems. This qualification process can 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

be expensive and time consuming with no assurance for success. OEMs also require conformance with standards, such as those set by the JEDEC Solid State
Technology Association and other standard-setting organizations in order to ensure consistency in design across multiple sources of packaged memory supply. Therefore, memory manufacturers must design new memory chips within strict architectural
constraints, limiting flexibility in design and requiring substantial investments in process development and production facilities in advance of qualification. The demand for high-capacity memory solutions is growing, driven by technology improvements and new applications in computing devices, but the rate of growth in demand for greater memory is outstripping the pace at
which memory manufacturers are able to cost-effectively produce next-generation monolithic memory chips and reduce the cost of current-generation memory chips. OEMs are seeking solutions that allow them to more effectively manage the transition from
current- to next-generation memory. Intensifying market dynamics, such as accelerating processing speeds, shrinking form factors, higher thermal management demands and OEM supply chain requirements, are making it more difficult to meet market needs.
To meet all of these demands, memory providers and OEMs must focus on ways to obtain more memory capacity and optimize the price-to-performance attributes of their systems within the intensely competitive environment of today s semiconductor
marketplace. Our Technologies We design our memory solutions to be more easily accepted by OEMs by utilizing industry-standard parts to cost-effectively provide next-generation memory capacity with better size characteristics and superior thermal management design
features. Although our designs are capable of supporting all major types of commercially available packaged memory, including DRAM, Flash memory and static random access memory (SRAM), historically we have focused our development of Stakpak
technologies on the stacking of DRAM chips in leaded thin, small outline packages (TSOPs) and in non-leaded ball grid array (BGA) packages. Performance Stakpak. Our Performance Stakpak utilizes a patented copper interconnect technology that provides a structure and an electrical and thermal path for standard-packaged DRAM chips. The Performance
Stakpak uses primarily TSOPs in two-, three- or four-high stacked configurations. The interconnect system acts as a heat sink and heat spreader to reduce heat build-up by collecting the thermal energy and conducting it from the center of the stack
to the sides, where it can be dissipated from the package. This design allows the Performance Stakpak to achieve superior heat dissipation and lower die temperatures than an unstacked TSOP. Value Stakpak. Our lower-priced Value Stakpak uses a simplified design and assembly process in which the interconnect
consists of a singulated printed circuit board placed horizontally along the edges or leads of the TSOP. As a result, our Value Stakpak does not dissipate heat as well as our Performance Stakpak, but can be offered to customers at lower prices than
our Performance Stakpak. For this reason, our Value Stakpak is targeted at lower-priced systems utilizing high-density memory where thermal management is not as critical, such as entry-level server platforms, communications systems, set-top boxes
and consumer applications. High Performance Stakpak . Our High Performance Stakpak consists of non-leaded
double-data-rate (DDR) DRAM packages connected by a newly designed, proprietary interconnect system to maximize interconnection signal integrity. This design supports all JEDEC-compliant DDR-II DRAM packages. The High Performance Stakpak has the
same non-leaded BGA footprint as the original monolithic BGA packages, reducing the need for OEMs to redesign circuit boards for their stacked non-leaded memory products. In addition, our High Performance Stakpak features our patented controlled
impedance interconnect system to support the signal integrity needs of the high-speed DDR-II interface. FlashStak. Our FlashStak family consists of a number of Flash memory stacking solutions addressing the needs of high-capacity data storage devices, such as USB drives, portable MP3 players, memory cards and
Flash-based solid state drives. Similar to the DRAM Stakpak products, FlashStak enables the highest-density data storage solution using lower-density commodity Flash TSOP devices. In many cases, FlashStak may be adopted 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

in a consumer electronics device by simply replacing the existing Flash TSOP component with a stack of two components, thereby immediately achieving the
doubling of capacity. FlashStak has the mechanical ruggedness and reliability of a single TSOP device while achieving a low profile dimension and attractive cost structure. Since it uses standard Flash memory parts, customers enjoy the
benefits of our short product lead times, as well as the flexibility to use Flash devices from multiple suppliers. ArctiCore Module
Technologies. ArctiCore modules are dual in-line memory modules (DIMMs) targeted at servers, storage devices and laptops. We are exploring opportunities to extend the application of the ArctiCore technology into
consumer devices, medical equipment, military equipment and mobile devices. ArctiCore utilizes a double-sided, multi-layered flexible circuit folded around a rigid aluminum core to significantly increase the area available for mounting devices.
Simultaneously, ArctiCore enhances thermal management, improves reliability and offers a thinner overall profile compared to current standard fully buffered DIMMs (FB-DIMMs). System Stakpak . Our System Stakpak technologies enable stacking multiple hetergeneous integrated circuit subsystem components, such as processor, Flash memory and DRAM, as a
single packaged module. Our System Stakpak provides time-to-market advantages for next-generation feature integration prior to package-level optimization. Similar to ArctiCore, a flexible circuit is used, which provides excellent
signal quality, and a thermal conducting core is used when thermal issues exist. The vast majority of the solutions provided by us to
date has been to semiconductor manufacturers, memory module manufacturers and contract manufacturers for inclusion in mid-range and high-performance servers and storage systems products of large OEMs, such as Cisco Systems, Inc., Dell, Inc.,
Hewlett-Packard Company (or HP) and IBM. To a lesser extent, we sell our solutions directly to OEMs, such as HP. We typically receive the silicon on a consignment basis and provide a quick turnaround service to our customers. Under this business
model, we avoid taking price risk on the memory devices. Some of our customers place non-binding blanket purchase orders up to three months in advance to cover shipments for the relevant period. These purchase orders serve as forecasts for pricing,
administrative and general scheduling purposes and are not binding orders. In some instances, purchase orders from customers are received no more than a day in advance or in the same shipment as the consigned DRAM chips that are supplied to us. We
have no long-term purchase agreements with any of our customers. Our solutions provide the following benefits: Improve Availability / Price-to-Performance Characteristics. Our memory solutions utilize readily available, lower-cost,
current-generation memory chips to provide next-generation memory capacity. By doing so, we help to smooth the market transition to higher-capacity memory while production capacity for next-generation memory chips is being developed. Once
next-generation chips become readily available at lower costs, they become candidates for us to deliver even greater memory capacity to OEMs. Enable Higher Memory Speeds. By vertically stacking TSOPs or BGAs onto a single connection, we shorten the distance that electrical signals must travel by reducing the distance between memory circuits, thereby
minimizing delays in transmission and enabling higher operating speeds with less power dissipated in the memory channel than would be attainable if the same number of chips were interconnected without stacking. In addition, by assembling our
ArctiCore technology on a double-sided, multi-layered flexible circuit, signal quality is maximized while thermal issues are minimized, allowing for full module performance. Overcome Physical Constraints. By arranging multiple TSOPs or BGAs onto a single connection on a circuit board, our
technologies enable a reduction in the number of memory module sockets and, consequently, the number of circuit boards required in a system. This approach allows OEMs to design smaller, lighter and less expensive systems. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Improve Thermal Performance. We believe that the interconnect systems
featured in our Stakpak and ArctiCore technologies help deliver superior thermal performance so that systems utilizing our memory solutions reliably function according to their design specifications. We base this belief on extensive research data,
which is supported by thermal modeling simulations and basic principles of physics. Satisfy OEM Supply Chain
Needs . Our Stakpak and ArctiCore technologies utilize widely available industry-standard components, enabling our memory stacks to fit on the same circuit board as monolithic packaged memory chips. We combine our use of
standard products with highly automated manufacturing and testing to deliver our memory devices with high production yields. Our Customers
 The vast majority of the solutions provided by us to date has been to semiconductor manufacturers, memory module manufacturers and
contract manufacturers for inclusion in mid-range and high-performance servers and storage systems products of large OEMs, such as Cisco Systems, Inc., Dell, Inc., HP and IBM. To a lesser extent, we sell our solutions directly to OEMs, such as HP.
 We work with these and other OEMs to understand their requirements, and provide them with memory solutions that they then qualify and in
some cases specify for use within their systems. While we sell directly to some OEMs, we provide our services indirectly to OEMs, via semiconductor, memory module and contract manufacturers, who in turn assemble our Stakpak products onto memory
modules that they deliver to the OEMs. Our major semiconductor, memory module and contract manufacturing customers include Infineon, Kingston Technologies, Inc., Micron Technology, Inc. and SMART Modular. Through our flexible business model, our customers can license our proprietary technologies. To date, we have entered into license agreements with
Samsung, Infineon and SMART Modular. Under these license arrangements, Samsung and Infineon are licensed to manufacture and sell memory modules containing stacked chips incorporating our leaded-package stacking technologies and intellectual
property, and SMART Modular is licensed to manufacture and sell our ArctiCore technology as well as our Performance, Value and High Performance Stakpak products. We do not expect to receive royalties for several quarters from new license agreements
while the licensees implement our technology and set up necessary production lines. In 2005, Samsung, Micron, HP and SMART Modular
accounted for 32 , 21 , 17 and 11 , respectively, of our total revenue. SMART Modular is a supply-chain partner of HP and other companies, so our products are ultimately sold through to these OEMs. We do not have long-term contracts with any of our
manufacturing services customers. Sales of our memory products are made under short-term, cancelable purchase orders that are typically received and fulfilled in the same quarter. As a result, our ability to predict future sales in any given period
is limited and subject to change based on demand for a specific OEM s systems that incorporate our memory products and an OEM s supply-chain decisions. Our Sales and Marketing Historically, our sales and marketing strategy has been primarily focused on targeting large
OEMs, based on the assumption that ultimate control over the selection of stacking solutions, module assembly and memory components resides with the OEMs. We have a dedicated internal sales and marketing staff responsible for maintaining continual
dialogues and forging close relationships with leading OEMs. Samsung and Infineon s sales of stacked memory products utilizing our licensed stacking technologies also help us to increase the rate at which OEMs specify our stacked memory
technologies within their systems. OEMs value improvements in memory capacity, speed, form factor, thermal management, price and
reliability. Our marketing efforts emphasize the benefits of utilizing our memory solutions in OEMs systems and our ability to deliver our solutions through our high-yield manufacturing processes with short lead times. To 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

maintain broad application for our memory technologies, we design our solutions using industry-standard memory chips and footprints. This allows us to
maintain a neutral position with respect to silicon providers and memory and contract manufacturers, enabling OEMs to specify the use of standardized memory chips that are available from multiple sources in high volumes while still utilizing our
technologies. We generate new business primarily by expanding our relationships and working closely with OEMs to design products that
satisfy their systems memory needs. OEMs determine the technical specifications and control the selection of vendors and contract manufacturers or memory manufacturers that will assemble and deliver the memory components. The typical OEM
design cycle is a lengthy endeavor ranging from six months to two years, and during this process, our memory solutions are considered among other alternative solutions and undergo arduous testing and qualification. Recently, we expanded the scope of our sales and marketing efforts to include OEM and silicon providers that require increased densities in Flash
solutions. With the launch of our new FlashStak product line, we are working to develop relationships with companies marketing USB Flash drives, MP3 players and other consumer electronic products with space and density requirements that our
Flashstak and/or System Stakpak can provide. In recent months, we have also begun adding sales capabilities outside the United States. We
have added third-party sales agencies in the local markets of Japan and Korea, and plan to take similar actions in Hong Kong, China and throughout Europe to aid in our regional sales efforts. Another focus of our sales and marketing efforts includes increased licensing activities. We do not have extended agreements with supply-chain partners but instead make sales to them from time to time through purchase orders. Our Growth Strategy We intend to build upon
our leadership position in leaded packaged memory stacking and to leverage our technologies and flexible business model to continue to grow our business and expand our market opportunities. The principal elements of our growth strategy include:
 Expand our DRAM Business. We believe that the strength of our intellectual property position, our superior
technologies and our focused expertise uniquely position us to benefit from both growth in the high-capacity DRAM market and in the inclusion of stacked memory within that market. As monolithic memory capacity increases from 512-megabits to
one-gigabit and beyond, we plan to apply our technologies to each new generation of memory to allow memory manufacturers to smoothly transition from one generation to the next and to allow OEMs to more quickly bring to market systems with enhanced
performance capabilities. We intend to continually identify ways to penetrate fast-growing markets for high-capacity memory, such as next-generation routers, disk arrays that enable the redundant storage of the data across multiple disks and network
interface cards that connect computers across networks. We also intend to develop memory solutions that address our customers particular requirements. For example, our new ArctiCore technology enables the creation of memory modules that
contain up to 72 DRAMs in standard packages all within standard DIMM outlines. Extend Technological Leadership into New
Markets. We believe that our large patent portfolio and intellectual property position us as a leader in the development of intellectual property for stacking solutions. We have introduced key innovations, such as our
thermal management designs, in the market for stacked, packaged memory. We have also introduced key innovations unrelated to stacking DRAM, such as our ArctiCore technology. We intend to leverage our expertise and strong intellectual property
position into markets where our technologies may have a significant impact. We intend to pursue new product opportunities and penetrate the next-generation, non-leaded stacked memory market with our new High Performance Stakpak solution. Our High
Performance Stakpak solution incorporates our patented BGA stacking technologies, and enables new levels of package miniaturization for multi-chip modules without requiring specialized testing. We also are developing our 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

proprietary System Stakpak technologies that will enable the stacking of multiple heterogeneous integrated circuit subsystem components, such as processor,
Flash memory and DRAM, as a single packaged module. We believe that these technologies will have applications across a broad spectrum of complementary markets for products with high processing needs and form-factor constraints. We intend to allocate
increased resources to research and development to pursue these and other market opportunities. Leverage Strategic
Relationships. To grow our business, we will continue to cultivate strong relationships with leading OEMs, memory suppliers and channel partners. We intend to continue to collaborate with leading OEMs and memory
manufacturers to design more effective high-capacity memory solutions than are currently available. We intend to continue working with channel partners and third-party manufacturers to make our memory solutions widely available to OEM customers. As
we expand and diversify our solutions, we intend to establish new, complementary customer and partner relationships beyond our traditional server, networking and storage markets. Capitalize on Our Flexible Business Model. We believe that by offering our customers the option of licensing our
technologies, outsourcing their manufacturing requirements to us, buying from our licensees or combining these options to best satisfy their needs, we offer advantages over companies with solely a licensing or a manufacturing business model. We
intend to continue to provide high-volume manufacturing services to facilitate adoption of our technologies by our customers while aggressively pursuing new opportunities to license our technologies. Consumer Market. In the fourth quarter of 2005, we formed the Consumer and Emerging Business Unit in order to
expand our technologies into the consumer electronics market, as well as key markets involving industrial, medical and military applications. Many of the same DRAM memory suppliers and memory module makers are increasingly focusing on
the consumer Flash memory market, and our proven package-stacking technologies and manufacturing processes are directly applicable to Flash memory. In November of 2005, we introduced the FlashStak family of Flash-stacking technologies and
a relationship with PNY Technologies, Inc. to address the USB Flash drive market. Our Suppliers Customers that outsource manufacturing services to us generally supply to us the packaged DRAM on a consignment basis. Once we receive the packaged DRAM,
we assemble it in our manufacturing facilities and then ship the fully assembled memory products back to them. Under this consignment model, we are not required to carry an inventory of packaged DRAM for these customers, reducing our inventory costs
and minimizing inventory risk associated with pricing, volumes and potential obsolescence. While we benefit from these minimized risks, if our customers are unable to obtain sufficient DRAM due to limited availability, they are unable to consign it
to us for our services. In the fourth quarter of 2004, we entered into a minimum unit purchase agreement with one of our vendors. The
minimum purchase terms stipulate the purchase of 2 million units within an 18-month period that began in October 2004. Actual costs could vary based on the actual volume of product ordered at one time, as compared to the expected future volume
per order, due to the fact that pricing per unit is dependent upon the number of units in a given order. Actual costs could also vary based on variances in actual versus forecast product mix as the minimum purchase contract covers a single product
that is available in slightly varying configurations, with accordingly varying prices per unit. As of December 31, 2005, our estimated future purchases under this contract were 675,000 units totaling 121,500. As of December 31, 2005 we
evaluated our potential exposure for the anticipated shortfall in units purchased under this minimum purchase contract and recorded an accrual of 25,000. In order to manufacture our units, we require raw materials and components such as flex circuits, printed circuit boards, aluminum cores, resistors, capacitors, advanced memory buffers, epoxy adhesive, solder,
nitrogen, ink marking supplies and tape and reel supplies and DRAMs. While we generally have multiple sources of supply of these materials, we typically procure them from limited sources to take advantage of volume pricing discounts. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Our Manufacturing We believe that our ability to deliver memory technologies in high volume and with short turnaround times distinguishes us from other similar service providers. Our sophisticated manufacturing processes combine
proprietary assembly equipment with standard, back-end automation in state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. Since we began manufacturing our products, we have been increasing the degree of automation, overall efficiency and production yields of
our manufacturing processes. Historically, we manufactured all of our stacked memory products in our facility in Austin, Texas. In
November 2002, we purchased a 45,000 square foot manufacturing facility in Reynosa, Mexico with approximately 27,500 square feet of manufacturing space. We continued to transition our high-volume manufacturing to the Mexico facility during
2005. For the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, over 95 , 80 and 50 , respectively, of our units produced were manufactured in Mexico. We have a formal quality assurance organization in place with a strategic focus on applying process improvements to achieve overall factory quality targets. We have been ISO certified to the ISO9001:2000 standard
since 2001, as assessed by Bureau Veritas Quality International (N.A.) Inc. Our Research and Development The market for memory is subject to rapid technological changes, product obsolescence, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, changes in
end-user requirements and evolving industry standards. Our ability to continue to succeed in these markets will depend in significant part upon our ability to successfully develop, introduce and sell new and enhanced products on a timely and
cost-effective basis and to respond to changing customer requirements. Since 2001, we have focused our research and development spending
primarily towards the design of our Stakpak technologies and more recently, we have focused on our ArctiCore technologies, as well as improving our manufacturing and industrial processes and engineering. We also have been designing our System
Stakpak technology. Our research and development expenses were approximately 5.3 million, 2.6 million and 2.4 million in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. We believe that to be competitive and to grow, we must increase our investments in
research and development with a continued focus both on designing advanced technologies and improving our manufacturing processes, quality and industrial engineering and automation. Through close integration of the product development and process
automation initiatives, we seek to bring together advanced product designs with process efficiencies to reduce our time to market for new technologies and to increase our overall production. Our Intellectual Property Our current
business and our future success depend in large part on our ability to protect our proprietary intellectual property and technologies. We do not consider our business materially dependent upon any one patent, although taken as a whole, our rights
and the products made and sold under patents are the most significant element of our business. In addition to patents, we also rely on trade secrets and trademark laws and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property. We enter into
confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, service providers, business partners and customers and have processes and controls in place to protect and manage access to, and distribution of, our proprietary and trade secret
information. As of January 31, 2006, we had 90 issued patents. These patents primarily relate to our stacking solutions and help us
protect our market position. These patents expire from time to time over the next 16 years. As of January 31, 2006, we also had 89 patent applications pending. We continue to actively pursue filing patent applications to cover our intellectual
property advancements, and we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Our Competition The market to provide memory solutions is intensely competitive. Within that market, we believe that we compete primarily with other providers of high-capacity technologies and services to OEMs and manufacturers of
high-density memory chips. The primary factors upon which we compete are product quality and reliability, manufacturing capacity, cycle times, price and prompt and effective customer service. We believe that our technologies compete favorably in
each of these factors with other competitive technologies, services and manufacturers. We have many competitors that have developed
competing technologies. For example, planar solutions allow additional memory devices to be directly attached on the printed circuit board without the need for stacking. Some of the major OEMs and DRAM suppliers currently are using planar solutions
and we expect them to continue to utilize planar solutions in the near future in legacy DDR technologies as well as in next-generation DDR-II technologies with the migration to smaller footprint packages. However, we believe that planar solutions
have cyclical windows of opportunity. Continued demand for higher performance speeds require an expanded die size to enable those capabilities. This performance demand, requiring a larger die footprint, often exceeds the process
node package manufacturing cycle time required to move that same technology to a smaller process node and, therefore, smaller package. The result is that during that timeframe, the memory chips will be too large to fit multiple
packages onto the standard footprints required for board assembly using a planar method. As time progresses, the cycle will continue with die packaging process node shrinks that support planar until the process repeats itself due to
new performance demands. In addition, memory packages have been developed that place two DRAM chips into a single package that allows both
DRAM chips to fit in the same area as a single Stakpak . Other competitors utilize competing technologies that stack standard DRAM chips. These traditional stacking competitors include SimpleTech, Inc., Amkor Technology, Inc. and Tessera, Inc.
We also could face competition from many new technologies, such as 3D memory cells, stacked wafers, stacked die and module innovations or module stacking. These and other new technologies could change the demand for or performance requirements of
memory products, and could provide the market with cost-effective memory solutions that outperform our Stakpak solutions. Some of our
significant customers, including Samsung, Micron and Infineon, also are competitors of ours, and may have the ability to manufacture competitive products at lower costs. Our current or potential competitors may also offer bundled arrangements
offering a more complete or cost-effective product despite the technical merits or advantages of our services or technologies. We also face competition from current and prospective customers that continually evaluate our capabilities against the
merits of manufacturing products internally. Competition may also arise due to the development of cooperative relationships among our current and potential competitors or third parties to increase the ability of their products to address the needs
of our prospective customers. In addition, we expect to face competition from existing competitors and new and emerging companies that may enter our existing or future markets with similar or alternative products, which may be less costly or provide
additional features. Accordingly, it is possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share. Our Regulatory Environment We are subject to various United States and Mexican federal, state and local laws and
regulations that are administered by numerous agencies and that relate to the protection of the environment, including those governing the discharge or disposal of pollutants and hazardous materials. We are authorized to operate our manufacturing facility in Mexico as a Maquiladora by the Ministry of Economy of Mexico. This Maquiladora status allows
us to import items into Mexico duty free, provided that such items, after processing, are re-exported from Mexico within 18 months. Our Maquiladora status is subject to various restrictions and requirements, including compliance with the terms of
the Maquiladora authorization 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

program; proper utilization of imported materials; hiring and training of Mexican personnel; compliance with tax, labor, exchange control and notice
provisions and regulations; and compliance with local and national constraints. Under our Maquiladora authorization program, our Reynosa, Mexico facility is not subject to any mandatory periodic audits or inspections or any periodic evaluations of
our Maquiladora status. However, various Mexican government agencies, particularly Mexico s Ministry of Economy and Mexico s Ministry of Treasury, which are primarily responsible for the oversight and regulation of Mexico s
Maquiladora programs, have a statutory right to conduct inspections and evaluations of our Reynosa, Mexico operations at their discretion to ensure our compliance with the Maquiladora authorization program. Our Employees As of March 1, 2006, we
had 457 full-time employees, including 354 in operations and engineering; 33 in quality assurance; 35 in sales, general and administrative functions; 23 in research and development; and 12 in executive positions. By region, 109 and 348 of our employees are located in the United States and in Mexico, respectively. As of March 1, 2006, 77 of our employees in
Mexico were represented by a labor organization that has entered into a labor contract with us. We are not party to any collective bargaining agreements with any of our employees in the United States. We have never had a work stoppage, and we
believe our relations with our employees are good. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS Our business faces significant risks.
The risk factors set forth below may not be the only ones that we face. Additional risks that we are not aware of yet or that currently are not material may adversely affect our business operations. We may not be able to increase our revenue and our operating results are likely to fluctuate, which may cause the trading price of our common stock
to decline. We may not be able to increase revenue or generate gross profits or net income. Our revenue and operating results are
likely to fluctuate, causing our stock price to fluctuate. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of market analysts or investors, the market price of our common stock could decline substantially. Factors that may contribute to fluctuations in our revenue and operating results include the risk factors discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K and the following additional factors: 

the timing and volume of orders received from our customers; 

market demand for, and changes in the average sales prices of, our services and technologies; 

the rate of qualification and adoption of our services and technologies including, but not limited to, the transition from DDR-1 to DDR-2 technology and from leaded to non-leaded
packages; 

a shortage of DRAM chips, which may negatively impact our ability to fulfill customer orders; 

the impact of the ongoing transition from current-generation products, which are based on 256-megabit monolithic DRAMs, to next-generation products, which are based on 512-megabit
monolithic DRAMs, as well as the next transition from 512-megabit DRAMs to 1-Gbit DRAMs, with each transition resulting in lower unit volumes of memory products to produce the same amount of memory capacity. This is partially offset by increasing
demand for memory capacity with each new generation of systems; 

the impact of a current reduction in the prices of 512-megabit monolithic DRAM, making this memory a competitive cost alternative to stacked 256-megabit monolithic DRAMs;

the increasing adoption of small-package planar solutions instead of our solutions by OEMs as well as DRAM suppliers; 
 12 

Table of Contents 

fluctuating demand for, and life cycles of, the products and systems that incorporate our solutions; 

changes in OEMs DRAM and DIMM buying processes; 

changes in the level of our operating expenses; 

our ability to develop new products that are successfully qualified and utilized by customers; 

our ability to manufacture and ship products within a particular reporting period; 

deferrals or cancellations of customer orders in anticipation of the development and commercialization of new technologies or for other reasons; 

our ability to enter into new licensing arrangements, and the terms and conditions for payment to us of license fees under those arrangements; 

the timing and compliance with license or service agreements and the terms and conditions for payment to us of license or service fees under these agreements;

changes in our royalties caused by changes in demand for products incorporating semiconductors that use our licensed technology; 

delays in our introduction of new technologies or market acceptance of these new technologies through new license agreements; 

changes in our services and technologies and revenue mix; 

seasonal purchasing patterns for our products with lower revenue generally occurring in the first and second quarters; 

the timing of the introduction by others of competing, replacement or substitute technologies or manufacturing services; 

our ability, or the ability of our customers, to procure or manufacture DRAM and other required components or fluctuations in the cost of such components; 

our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights or to defend claims that we infringe the intellectual property rights of others, and the significant costs to us of related
litigation; 

cyclical fluctuations in semiconductor markets generally; and 

general economic conditions that may affect end-user demand for products that use our technologies. Fluctuations in the demand for our solutions occur as the price of next-generation monolithic memory chips declines and as OEMs respond to demand for
their products, which will contribute to volatility in our revenue and operating results and may adversely impact our stock price. The rate at which OEMs adopt our memory products using a particular generation of high-density memory chips, if they
adopt our memory products at all, may affect our revenue and operating results. In the past, it has taken several quarters for new, higher-density memory chips to achieve market acceptance. Once accepted by the market, demand for our memory products
using these chips can accelerate rapidly and then level off such that rapid growth in sales of these products is not indicative of continued future growth. Likewise, demand for legacy memory chips can quickly decline when a new, higher-density
memory chip is introduced and receives market acceptance. Sales of our products and product lines toward the end of a product s market life may fluctuate significantly, and the precise timing of these fluctuations is difficult, if not
impossible, to predict. In other cases, revenue may decline as customers anticipate making new product purchases. The need for continued
significant expenditures for capital equipment purchases, research and development and ongoing customer service and support, among other factors, makes it difficult for us to reduce our operating expenses in any particular period if our expectations
for revenue for that period are not met. Due to the various factors mentioned above, the results of any prior quarterly or annual periods should not be relied upon as an indication of our future operating performance. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Because we do not have long-term agreements with our customers and generally do not have a
significant backlog of unfilled orders, our revenue and operating results in any quarter are difficult to forecast and are substantially dependent upon customer orders received and fulfilled in that quarter. We do not have long-term purchase agreements with customers. Our customers generally place purchase orders for deliveries no more than three months in
advance and sometimes no more than a day in advance. These purchase orders generally have no cancellation or rescheduling penalty provisions. Therefore, cancellations, reductions or delays of orders from any significant customer could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business model is one in which there typically
is not a backlog of unfilled orders. Rather, a majority of our revenue and earnings in any quarter depends upon customer orders for our products that we receive and fulfill in that quarter. Because our expense levels are based in part on our
expectations as to future revenue and to a large extent are fixed in the short term, we likely will be unable to adjust spending on a timely basis to compensate for any unexpected shortfall in revenue. Accordingly, any significant shortfall of
revenue in relation to our expectations could hurt our operating results and depress our stock price. We depend on a limited number
of customers for a substantial portion of our revenue, and the loss of, or a significant reduction in orders from, any key customer could significantly reduce our revenue. The loss of any of our key customers, or a significant reduction in sales to any one of them, would significantly reduce our revenue and adversely affect
our business. Our five largest customers accounted for 86 of our total revenue in 2005, 86 of our total revenue in 2004 and 88 of our total revenue in 2003. In particular, Samsung accounted for most of our license revenue and 32 of our total
revenue in 2005, and Micron, HP and SMART Modular accounted for 21 , 17 and 11 , respectively, of our total revenue in 2005. SMART Modular is a supply-chain partner of HP, so units incorporating our stacking solutions are ultimately sold through to
HP as the OEM. Most of the markets for our services and technologies are dominated by a small number of potential customers. Therefore, our operating results in the foreseeable future will continue to depend on our ability to effect sales to these
customers, as well as the ability of these customers to sell products that incorporate memory utilizing our technologies. In the future, these customers may decide not to specify products that incorporate our technologies for use in their systems,
purchase fewer memory products than they did in the past or alter their purchasing patterns. Some of our customers have sought or are
seeking to design alternative solutions, either internally or through third parties, to address their need for greater memory capacity. The success of these efforts could have an adverse effect on the prices we are able to charge our customers, and
the volume of units that incorporate our solutions, which would negatively affect our revenue and operating results. Consolidation in some
of our customers industries may result in increased customer concentration and the potential loss of customers. From time to time, the composition of our major customer base has changed from quarter to quarter as the market demand for our
customers products has changed, and we expect this variability to continue in the future. We expect that sales of our products to a limited number of customers will continue to represent a majority of our revenue in the foreseeable future. The
loss of, or a significant reduction in purchases by, any of our major customers could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. A natural disaster, epidemic, labor strike, war or political unrest where our customers facilities are located could reduce our sales to such customers. For example, Samsung Electronics is based in South Korea.
North Korea s decision to withdraw from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and related geopolitical developments have created unrest. This unrest could create economic uncertainty or instability, could escalate to war or otherwise adversely
affect South Korea, and therefore, Samsung, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail to protect our proprietary rights, our customers or our competitors might gain access to
our technologies, which could adversely affect our ability to sell or license our memory solutions or to compete successfully in our markets and harm our operating results. Our solutions rely on our proprietary rights, and we believe that the strength of our intellectual property rights is, and will continue to be, critical
to the success of our business. If any of our key patents or other intellectual property rights are invalidated or deemed unenforceable, or if a court limits the scope of the claims in any of our key patents or other intellectual property rights,
the likelihood that companies will continue to purchase or license our memory solutions could be significantly reduced. If we fail to obtain patents or if the patents issued to us do not cover all of the claims we asserted in our patent
applications, others could use portions of our intellectual property without the payment of license fees and royalties. The resulting loss in revenue could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on a combination of license, development and nondisclosure agreements and other contractual provisions and patent, trademark and trade secret
laws, and restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual property rights. We also enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties, and control access to and distribution of our documentation and other
proprietary information. It is possible that these efforts to protect our intellectual property rights may not: 

prevent challenges to, or the invalidation or circumvention of, our existing patents; 

result in patents that lead to commercially viable products or provide competitive advantages for our products; 

prevent our competitors from independently developing similar products, duplicating our products or designing around the patents owned by us; 

prevent third-party patents from having an adverse effect on our ability to do business; 

provide adequate protection for our intellectual property rights; 

prevent disputes with third parties regarding ownership of our intellectual property rights; 

prevent disclosure of our trade secrets and know-how to third parties or into the public domain; or 

result in valid patents, including international patents, from any of our pending applications. A court invalidation or limitation of our key patents could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
 Our patent portfolio contains some patents that are particularly significant to our ongoing revenues and business. If any of these
key patents is invalidated, or if a court limits the scope of the claims in any of these key patents, the likelihood that companies will take new licenses and that current licensees will continue to agree to pay under their existing licenses could
be significantly reduced. The resulting loss in license fees and royalties could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our revenues may suffer if we cannot continue to license or enforce our intellectual property rights or if third parties assert that we violate their intellectual property rights. We rely upon patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the United States and similar laws in other countries, and agreements with our
employees, customers, suppliers and other parties, to establish and maintain our intellectual property rights in our technology. However, any of our direct or indirect intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented.
Further, the laws of certain countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Therefore, in certain jurisdictions we may be unable to protect our technology adequately against unauthorized
third-party use, which could adversely affect our business. Third parties also may claim that we or our customers are infringing upon 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

their intellectual property rights. Even if we believe that the claims are without merit, the claims can be time-consuming and costly to defend and divert
management s attention and resources away from our business. Claims of intellectual property infringement also might require us to enter into costly settlement or license agreements or pay costly damage awards. While we generally do not
indemnify our licensees, some of our license agreements provide limited indemnities, some require us to provide technical support and information to a licensee that is involved in litigation involving use of our technology, and we may agree to
indemnify others in the future. Our support and indemnification obligations could result in substantial expenses. In addition to the time and expense required for us to supply such support or indemnification to our licensees, a licensee s
development, marketing and sales of licensed semiconductors could be severely disrupted or shut down as a result of litigation, which in turn could severely hamper our business, financial condition or results of operations. If we cannot or do not
license the infringed technology at all or on reasonable terms or substitute similar technology from another source, our business could suffer. We are subject to risks relating to product concentration and lack of revenue diversification. To date, we have
derived nearly all of our revenue from sales or licenses of our Stakpak solutions, and we expect these solutions to continue to account for substantially all of our total revenue in the near term. Continued market acceptance of these solutions is
critical to our future success. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by: 

any decline in demand for our Stakpak solutions; 

failure of our services and technologies to achieve continued market acceptance; 

the introduction of services and technologies that can serve as a substitute for, replacement of or represent an improvement over, our services and technologies such as planar
solutions for small packages that do not require stacking; 

technological innovations that we are unable to address with our services and technologies; and 

any inability by us to release new products or enhanced versions of our existing services and technologies on a timely basis or the failure of our products to achieve market
acceptance. We are particularly dependent on sales of our Performance Stakpak solutions for use in the high-end and
mid-range server market, which constituted 79 of our total services revenue in 2005, 82 of our total services revenue in 2004 and 98 of our total services revenue in 2003. If the market for these servers deteriorates or the use of our services
and technologies in this market declines, our operating results would be materially and adversely affected. The average selling
prices of our services and technologies could decrease rapidly, which may negatively impact our revenue and gross margins. We may
experience substantial period-to-period fluctuations in our future revenue and operating results due to a decline in the average selling prices for our services and technologies. From time to time, we reduce the average unit price of our services
and technologies in anticipation of future competitive pricing pressures, declining DRAM chip prices, introductions of new services and technologies by us or our memory suppliers and other factors. The high-density memory market is extremely cost
sensitive due to potentially high order volumes combined with memory buyers expectations for aggressive price reductions over time. As a consequence, the average selling prices of monolithic DRAM chips historically have declined as new product
generations are commercialized. We expect that these factors will continue to create downward pressure on our average selling prices, which may, in turn, negatively impact our revenue and gross margins, particularly if we are unable to offset
reductions in average selling prices by increasing our unit volumes or reducing our manufacturing costs. To maintain our gross margins, we will need to develop and introduce new services and technologies on a timely basis and continually reduce our
costs. Our failure to do so could cause our revenue and gross margins to decline. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 We are a relatively small company with limited resources compared to some of our current and
potential competitors, and we may not be able to compete effectively and maintain or increase our market share. Some of our current
and potential competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater resources and name recognition, and a larger base of customers than we have. Some of these companies are better positioned to influence industry acceptance of a
particular industry standard or competing technology than we are. These companies may also be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of products, and may be able to deliver competitive products or technologies at a
lower price. They also may be able to adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we can adopt. In addition, some of our current and potential competitors have established relationships with the decision makers at our current or potential customers.
These competitors may be able to leverage their existing relationships to discourage their customers from purchasing products from us or persuade them to replace our products with their products. Some of our significant customers, including Samsung, Micron and Infineon, also are competitors of ours, and may have the ability to manufacture
competitive products at lower costs. Our current or potential competitors may also offer bundled arrangements offering a more complete or cost-effective product despite the technical merits or advantages of our services or technologies. We also face
competition from current and prospective customers that continually evaluate our capabilities against the merits of manufacturing products internally. Competition may also arise due to the development of cooperative relationships among our current
and potential competitors or third parties to increase the ability of their products to address the needs of our prospective customers. In addition, we expect to face competition from existing competitors and new and emerging companies that may
enter our existing or future markets with similar or alternative products, which may be less costly or provide additional features. Accordingly, it is possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire
significant market share. We have many competitors who have developed competing technologies. For example, planar solutions allow
additional memory devices to be directly attached on the printed circuit board without the need for stacking. Some of the major OEMs and DRAM suppliers currently are using planar solutions and we expect them to continue to utilize planar solutions
in the near future in legacy DDR technologies as well as in next-generation DDR-2 technologies with the migration to smaller footprint packages. However, we believe that planar solutions have cyclical windows of opportunity. Continued demand
for higher performance speeds require an expanded die size to enable those capabilities. This performance demand, requiring a larger die footprint, often exceeds the process node package manufacturing cycle time required to move that
same technology to a smaller process node and, therefore, smaller package. The result is that during that timeframe, the memory chips will be too large to fit multiple packages onto the standard footprints required for board
assembly using a planar method. As time progresses, the cycle will continue with die packaging process node shrinks that support planar until the process repeats itself due to new performance demands. In addition, memory packages have been developed that place two DRAM chips into a single package that allows both DRAM chips to fit in the same area as a
single Stakpak. Other competitors utilize competing technologies that stack standard DRAM chips. These traditional stacking competitors include SimpleTech, Inc. and also included DPAC Technologies Corp. (DPAC) before we acquired its stacking patents
and patent applications in June 2004. We also could face competition from many new technologies, such as 3D memory cells, stacked wafers, stacked die and module innovations or module stacking. These and other new technologies could change the demand
for or performance requirements of memory products, and could provide the market with cost-effective memory solutions that outperform our Stakpak solutions. We expect our competitors to continue to improve the performance of their current products, reduce their prices and introduce new services and technologies that may offer greater performance and improved pricing, any
of which could cause a decline in revenue or loss of market acceptance of our products. In addition, our competitors may develop enhancements to, or future generations of, competitive products that may render our services or technologies obsolete or
uncompetitive. These and other competitive pressures may prevent us from 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

competing successfully against current or future competitors, and may materially harm our business. Competition could decrease our prices, reduce our
revenue, lower our gross profits or decrease our market share. If we acquire other businesses or technologies in the future, these
acquisitions could disrupt our business and harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. As part of our growth
and product diversification strategy, we will evaluate opportunities to acquire other businesses, intellectual property or technologies that would complement our current offerings, expand the breadth of our markets or enhance our technical
capabilities. Acquisitions entail a number of risks that could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, including: 

difficulties in integrating the operations, technologies or products of the acquired companies; 

the risk of diverting management s time and attention from the normal daily operations of the business; 

insufficient revenue to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions; 

difficulties in retaining business relationships with suppliers and customers of the acquired companies; 

risks of entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and where competitors in such markets have stronger market positions; 

the potential loss of key employees of the acquired company; and 

the potential need to amortize intangible assets. Future
acquisitions also could cause us to incur debt or contingent liabilities or cause us to issue equity securities. These actions could negatively impact the ownership percentages of our existing stockholders, our financial condition and results of
operations. As our current services and technology offerings evolve, we continue to derive a significant portion of our revenue from
royalties, which is inherently risky. Because we expect a significant portion of our future revenue to be derived from license
royalties, our future success depends on: 

our ability to secure broad patent coverage for our new technologies and enter into license agreements with potential licensees; and 

the ability of our licensees to develop and commercialize successful products that incorporate our technologies. Although we have engaged in discussions with potential licensees for our Stakpak technologies, we historically have not devoted significant resources to
licensing our technologies and currently have only three license arrangements. We face risks inherent in a royalty-based business model, many of which are outside of our control, such as the following: 

the rate of adoption of our technologies by, and the incorporation of our technologies into products of, semiconductor manufacturers and OEMs; 

the extent to which large equipment vendors and materials providers develop and supply tools and materials to enable manufacturing using our technologies on a cost-effective basis
and in quantities sufficient to enable volume manufacturing; 

the willingness of our licensees and others to make investments in the manufacturing process that supports our licensed technologies, and the amount and timing of those investments;

our licensees ability to design and assemble memory modules and other system parts that utilize our technologies in components qualified for use by OEMs;
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

any failure by our licensees to abide by compliance and quality control guidelines with respect to our proprietary rights; 

actions by our licensees that could severely harm our ability to use our proprietary rights; 

the pricing and demand for products incorporating memory modules and other system parts that utilize our licensed technologies; 

our ability to structure, negotiate and enforce agreements for the determination and payment of royalties; and 

the cyclicality of supply and demand for products using our licensed technologies. It is difficult to predict when we will enter into additional license agreements, if at all. The time it takes to establish a new licensing arrangement can be lengthy. We may also incur delays or deferrals in the
execution of license agreements as we develop new technologies. The timing of our receipt of royalty payments and the timing of how we recognize license revenue under license agreements may fluctuate and significantly impact our quarterly or annual
operating results. Because we may recognize a significant portion of license fee revenues in the quarter that the license is signed, the timing of signing license agreements may significantly impact our quarterly or annual operating results. Under
our typical license agreements, we also receive ongoing royalty payments, and these may fluctuate significantly from period to period based on sales of products incorporating our licensed technology. It is difficult for us to verify royalty amounts owed to us under our licensing agreements, and this may cause us to lose revenue.
 The standard terms of our license agreements require our licensees to document the manufacture and sale of products that
incorporate our technologies and report this data to us on a quarterly basis. Although our standard license terms give us the right to audit books and records of our licensees to verify this information, audits can be expensive, time consuming and
potentially detrimental to our ongoing business relationship with our licensees. As a result, to date, we have primarily relied on the accuracy of the reports themselves without independently verifying the information in them. Our failure to audit
our licensees books and records may result in us receiving less royalty revenues than we are entitled to under the terms of our license agreements. Because our licensing cycle is lengthy and costly, it is difficult to predict future revenues, which may cause us to miss analysts estimates and may result in our stock price declining. 
 Pursuing and entering into new license agreements generally requires significant marketing and sales efforts. The length of time it takes to establish
a new licensing relationship can range from six to 12 months or longer. Because our licensing cycle is a lengthy process, the accurate prediction of future revenues from new licenses is difficult. In addition, engineering services are dependent upon the varying level of assistance desired by licensees and, therefore, revenue from these services is
also difficult to predict as it is recognized in the period in which we render service. There can be no assurance that we can accurately estimate the amount of resources required to complete projects, or that we will have, or be able to expend,
sufficient resources required to complete a project. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the product development schedule for these projects will not be changed or delayed. All of these factors make it difficult to predict future licensing
revenue that may result in us missing analysts estimates and may cause our stock price to decline. Our marketing and sales
efforts may be unsuccessful. We have limited sales and marketing resources. As our business evolves to become more of a
royalty-based model, we may have to employ more rigorous sales and marketing efforts, hire more sales and marketing personnel and engage in lengthy negotiations to reach agreement with potential licensees. As a result, our operating expenses may
increase, and we may incur losses in periods that precede the generation of royalties 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

under licensing agreements. If the sales and marketing efforts that we direct at potential licensees of our technologies are unsuccessful, then we may not be
able to license our technologies or earn related royalties. Our reliance on our memory manufacturer customers for the DRAM chips
used in products that incorporate our technologies subjects us to the risk of a shortage of these chips, adversely impacting our ability to fulfill orders from other customers, risks of natural disasters and other factors that could cause
disruptions in the supply of DRAM chips. Our ability to fulfill customer orders is dependent on a sufficient supply of DRAM chips
to which we apply our manufacturing services. Historically, our customers have shipped on consignment their DRAM chips to be stacked, which we stack and then return to them. We have no DRAM supply contracts under which we are currently operating. In
acquiring DRAM chips, supply options are very limited because of the small number of memory manufacturers. Our dependence on our customers provision of DRAM chips to us on a just-in-time consignment basis, rather than through guaranteed supply
contracts, subjects our business to risks associated with unforeseen disruptions in the industry availability of DRAM chips. During the second and third quarters of 2004, there was a shortage of DRAM chips available in the market. This shortage
negatively impacted our ability to fulfill customer orders, which resulted in a decrease in shipments in these quarters. Any future shortage could result in a similar decrease in shipments, which would adversely impact our operating results and
financial condition. In addition, natural disasters or other factors could cause delays or reductions in product shipments that could
negatively affect our revenue and operating results. Moreover, since the majority of DRAM chips is manufactured in the Pacific Rim region, we believe that the risk of exposure of DRAM suppliers to earthquakes, typhoons, political unrest, terrorist
activity, infectious diseases or other similar events is of particular concern. Any unexpected interruption in the manufacture of other key electronic components used in association with products that incorporate our technologies could disrupt
production of devices that use our services and technologies, thereby adversely affecting either our ability to deliver products to our customers or the customers demand for our services and technologies. If we are unable to manufacture our products efficiently or we experience credit losses or other collections issues, our business, financial
condition or results of operation could suffer. We are continuously modifying our manufacturing processes in an effort to maintain
satisfactory manufacturing yields and product performance, lower our costs and reduce the time it takes to design products based on our technologies. In addition, new manufacturing processes are required as we ramp high-volume production of new
technologies, such as our High Performance Stakpak and ArctiCore technologies. We face increased risks with these new processes and we are incurring significant start-up costs associated with implementing new manufacturing technologies, methods
and processes and purchasing new equipment for this product, which could continue to impact our gross margins. We expect to experience manufacturing delays and inefficiencies as we develop or refine new manufacturing technologies and methods,
implement them in volume production and qualify them with customers, which could cause our operating results to decline. As we manufacture more complex products, such as our High Performance Stakpak, ArctiCore and future products, the risk of
encountering delays or difficulties increases. In addition, if demand for our products increases significantly, we will need to expand our
operations to manufacture sufficient quantities of products without increasing our production times or our unit costs. As a result of such expansion, we could be required to purchase new equipment, upgrade existing equipment, develop and implement
new manufacturing processes and hire additional technical personnel. Further, new or expanded manufacturing facilities could be subject to qualification by our customers. We cannot be certain that we will be able to add required manufacturing
capacity or that we will be able to maintain control over product quality, delivery schedules, manufacturing yields and costs as we increase our output. Any difficulties in expanding our manufacturing operations could cause product delivery delays
and lost sales. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 If demand for our products decreases, we could have excess manufacturing capacity. The fixed costs
associated with excess manufacturing capacity could cause our operating results to decline. If we are unable to achieve further manufacturing efficiencies and cost reductions, particularly if we are experiencing pricing pressures in the marketplace,
our operating results could suffer. We have not historically recorded a bad debt allowance or established reserves for our accounts
receivable because we have not had significant credit losses or other collections issues during the periods for which financial information is presented. Although we do not believe that we will incur any material credit losses in the foreseeable
future, if we were to do so, our financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. Furthermore, should we face any collections issues in the future, it could become necessary to begin recording a bad debt allowance, which could
negatively impact our results of operations. If we are unable to develop new and enhanced solutions that achieve market acceptance
in a timely manner, our operating results and competitive position could be harmed. Our future success will be based in large part
on our ability to reduce our dependence on our current Performance Stakpak solution for the vast majority of our revenue by increasing revenue associated with our other solutions, such as High Performance Stakpak and ArctiCore, and by developing
other new technologies and enhancements that can achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner. Successful development and introduction of new technologies on a timely basis require that we: 

identify and adjust to changing requirements of customers within the memory and semiconductor markets generally; 

identify and adapt to emerging technological trends in our target markets; 

maintain effective marketing strategies; 

timely design and introduce cost-effective, innovative and performance-enhancing features that differentiate our services and technologies from those of our competitors;

timely qualify and certify our technologies for use in our customers products; and 

successfully develop our relationships with existing and potential customers, OEMs and supplier and channel partners. Our research and development efforts are focused primarily on furthering the technologies related to our non-leaded solutions, ArctiCore, System Stakpak
product and other new product initiatives. If the development of these technologies is delayed or abandoned, or if these new technologies fail to achieve market acceptance, our growth prospects, operating results and competitive position could be
adversely affected. Furthermore, if markets for these new technologies develop later than we anticipate, or do not develop at all, demand for our solutions that are currently in development would suffer, resulting in lower sales of these products
than we currently anticipate. If we do not create and implement new designs to expand our licensable technology portfolio, our
competitive position could be harmed or our operating results adversely affected. We expect in the future to derive a significant
portion of our revenues from licenses and royalties from a relatively small number of key technologies. To remain competitive, we must introduce new technologies or designs in a timely manner and the market must adopt them. Developments in these key
technologies are inherently complex, and require long development cycles and a substantial investment before we can determine their commercial viability. We may not be able to develop and market new technologies in a timely or commercially
acceptable fashion. Moreover, our currently issued U.S. patents expire at various times from 2010 through 2022. We need to develop and patent successful innovations before our current patents expire. We also may attempt to expand our licensable technology portfolio and technical expertise by acquiring technology or developing strategic relationships
with others. These strategic relationships may include the right for us to sublicense technology to others. However, we may not be able to acquire or obtain rights to licensable 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

technology in a timely manner or upon commercially reasonable terms. Moreover, our research and development efforts, and acquisitions and strategic
relationships, may be futile if we do not accurately predict the future packaging needs of the semiconductor and consumer electronics industries. Our failure to develop or acquire new technologies could significantly harm our business. 
 Failure by our licensees to introduce products using our technology could limit our royalty revenue growth. Because we expect a significant portion of our future revenues to be derived from royalties on semiconductors that use our licensed technology, our future
success depends upon our licensees developing and introducing commercially successful products. Any of the following factors could limit our licensees ability to introduce products that incorporate our technology: 

the willingness and ability of materials and equipment suppliers to produce materials and equipment that support our licensed technology, in a quantity sufficient to enable volume
manufacturing; 

the ability of our licensees to purchase such materials and equipment on a cost-effective and timely basis; 

the willingness of our licensees and others to make investments in the manufacturing process that supports our licensed technology, and the amount and timing of those investments;
and 

our licensees ability to design and assemble packages incorporating our technology that are acceptable to their customers. Products that incorporate our technologies generally have long sales and implementation periods, and our customers require that our technologies
undergo a lengthy and expensive qualification process without any assurance of revenue. Products that incorporate our technologies
are complex and are typically intended for use in applications that may be critical to the systems being developed by our customers. Prospective customers generally must make a significant commitment of resources to test and evaluate our
technologies and to integrate memory modules and other system parts into larger systems. As a result, our sales process is often subject to delays associated with lengthy approval processes that typically accompany the design, testing and adoption
of new, technologically complex products. This may delay the time in which we recognize revenue and result in our investing significant resources well in advance of orders for our products. Prior to incorporating memory products utilizing our technologies, our customers require our processes and technologies to undergo an extensive
qualification process, which involves testing of products utilizing our technologies, as well as rigorous reliability testing. This qualification process may continue for six months or longer. However, qualification by a customer does not ensure any
sales to that customer. Even after successful qualification and sales to a customer of products incorporating our technologies, changes in our technologies may require a new qualification process, which may result in additional delays. After our
products are qualified, it can take an additional six months or more before the customer commences production of components or devices that incorporate our products. Despite these uncertainties, we devote substantial resources, including design,
engineering, sales, marketing and management efforts, toward qualifying our products with customers in anticipation of sales. If we are unsuccessful or delayed in qualifying any of our products with a customer, such failure or delay would preclude
or delay sales of such products to the customer, which may impede our growth and cause our business to suffer. If the supply of
materials used to manufacture our products is interrupted, or our manufacturing turnaround times are extended, our results of operations could be adversely affected. In order to manufacture our solutions, we require raw materials and components such as flex circuits, printed circuit boards, aluminum cores, resistors,
capacitors, advanced memory buffers, epoxy adhesive, solder, 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

nitrogen, ink marking supplies and tape and reel supplies. We typically procure these materials from limited sources to take advantage of volume pricing
discounts. Shortages in these materials may occur from time to time. In addition to shortages, we could experience quality problems with these materials, which could result in returning them to our supplier. These shortages and returns could extend
the turnaround times of our manufacturing services. If our supply of materials is interrupted for any reason, or our manufacturing turnaround times are extended, our results of operations could be adversely affected. We relocated the substantial majority of our manufacturing operations from Austin, Texas to Reynosa, Mexico: our failure to continue to manage
these operations and our growth, as well as issues associated with the location of this facility, could materially and adversely affect our business. We relocated our high-volume manufacturing capacity from our Austin, Texas facility to our manufacturing facility in Reynosa, Mexico. We began manufacturing operations in our Mexico facility in the first quarter of
2003, and in 2005, we manufactured over 95 of our units in Mexico. The relocation of our operations has placed, and any future growth of our operations may place, a significant strain on our management personnel, systems and resources. We may need
to implement a variety of new and upgraded operational and financial systems, procedures and controls, including the improvement of our accounting and other internal management systems. We also expect that we will need to continue to expand, train,
manage and motivate our workforce. All of these endeavors will require substantial management time and attention, and we anticipate that we will require additional management personnel and internal processes to manage these efforts. If we are unable
to effectively manage our expanding operations, our business could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, this facility is
exposed to certain risks as a result of its location, including: 

changes in international trade laws, such as the North American Free Trade Agreement, or other governmental regulations or tariffs affecting our import and export activities;

changes in labor laws and regulations affecting our ability to hire and retain employees; 

fluctuations of foreign currency and exchange controls; 

security measures at the United States-Mexico border; 

potential political instability and changes in the Mexican government; 

relations between the governments of the United States and Mexico; 

issues relating to drug-trafficking activities in Mexico; and 

general economic conditions in Mexico. Any of these
risks could interfere with the operation of this facility or restrict or delay our ability to move components, finished products or manufacturing equipment across the United States Mexico border and result in reduced production, increased
costs, or both. In the event that this facility s production is reduced or we encounter disruptions or delays in moving products across the border, we could fail to ship products on schedule and could face a reduction in future orders from
dissatisfied customers. If our costs to operate this facility increase, our gross margins would decrease. Reduced shipments and margins would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We operate our manufacturing facility in Mexico as a Maquiladora and any loss of this status or change in the laws affecting Maquiladoras, or
disputes with the labor union in Mexico, could materially harm our financial results. In 2005, we manufactured over 95 of our
memory products at our manufacturing facility in Reynosa, Mexico. This facility is authorized to operate as a Maquiladora by the Ministry of Economy of Mexico. Mexico has enacted this legislation to promote the use of such manufacturing operations
by foreign companies, and 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

continuation of these operations depends upon, among other factors, compliance with applicable laws and regulations of the United States and Mexico.
Maquiladora status allows us to import items into Mexico duty-free, provided that such items, after processing, are re-exported from Mexico within 18 months. Maquiladora status is subject to various restrictions and requirements, including:

compliance with the terms of the Maquiladora authorization program; 

proper utilization of imported materials; 

hiring and training of Mexican personnel; 

compliance with tax, labor, exchange control and notice provisions and regulations, both in the United States and in Mexico; and 

compliance with local and national constraints. Because
assembly operations in Mexico continue to be less expensive than comparable operations in the United States, in recent years many companies have established Maquiladora operations in the Reynosa area to take advantage of lower labor costs.
Increasing demand for labor, particularly skilled labor and professionals, from new and existing Maquiladora operations could in the future result in increased labor costs. The loss of our Maquiladora status, changes in the Maquiladora program, the
inability to recruit, hire and retain qualified employees, a significant increase in labor costs, unfavorable exchange rates or interruptions in the trade relations between the United States and Mexico could have a material adverse effect on our
business, operating results and financial condition. While we are not party to any collective bargaining agreements with any of our
employees in the United States, as of December 31, 2005, 241, or 76 , of our employees in Mexico were represented by a labor organization that has entered into a labor contract with us. As a result, our Reynosa operations are subject to union
activities, including organized strikes or other work stoppages, and cost factors arising from our negotiations of employment terms with the representatives of this union. To date, we have not experienced any organized strikes or other work
stoppages at our facilities in Reynosa, Mexico. We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from our license agreement with
Samsung. Royalties paid to us by Samsung have been decreasing over time and they may continue to decline as a result of Samsung not utilizing as much of our stacking technology as it utilized in the past, which could materially harm our business,
financial condition or results of operations. We receive the substantial majority of our license revenue from our license agreement
with Samsung. This agreement requires that Samsung pay us royalties based on the number of stacked memory products Samsung sells or bundles within its own products. Royalties paid to us by Samsung have been decreasing over time and they may continue
to decline as a result of Samsung not utilizing as much of our stacking technology as it has utilized in the past. Royalties paid to us by Samsung decreased approximately 14.5 million during 2005 as compared to 2004. As of December 31,
2005, the remaining residual value of the customer relationship intangible asset associated with this contract was 6.6 million. The value was initially recorded based upon the projected discounted net cash flows attributable to this
relationship. We may have to record an impairment charge for some or all of the value of this asset, depending upon the amount of royalties Samsung pays to us, since unanticipated reductions in the future cash flow from this contract may
cause an impairment. As of December 31, 2005 no impairment had been recorded. The consumer electronics markets is a highly
competitive and volatile market and if we are not successful in this or other new markets, our business, operating results or financial condition could be adversely affected. In the fourth quarter of 2005, we formed the Consumer and Emerging Business Unit in order to expand our technologies into the consumer
electronics market, particularly the consumer Flash market, as well as key 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

markets involving industrial, medical and military applications. We believe our package-stacking technologies and manufacturing processes
are directly applicable to Flash memory market, but we are a recent entrant to this market, and many of the DRAM memory suppliers and memory module makers are increasingly focusing on the consumer Flash memory market. Further, the
consumer market is highly competitive and is characterized by aggressive pricing practices, downward pressure on gross margins, frequent introduction of new products, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in
product price/performance characteristics, rapid adoption of technological and product advancements by competitors, price sensitivity on the part of consumers, dynamic customer demand patterns, seasonal revenue trends and a large number of
competitors. In addition, the consumer market can be much more volatile than other segments of the memory market place. To be successful, we will need to continually introduce new products and technologies, enhance existing products in order to
remain competitive, and effectively stimulate customer demand for new products and upgraded versions of our existing products. The success of new product introductions is dependent on a number of factors, including market acceptance; our ability to
manage the risks associated with product transitions and production ramp issues; the effective management of inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand; the availability of products in appropriate quantities to meet anticipated demand;
and, the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction. As a result, we cannot determine in advance the ultimate effect that new products will have on our sales or results of operations, and, as a
result, if we are not successful in this or other new markets, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. We have hired new members of our management team and have realigned our infrastructure, which may disrupt our business and adversely affect our operations. Recently, we hired new members of our management team, and we realigned our executive and technical infrastructure to support our new growth strategy.
These rapid changes in a short period of time could be disruptive to our operations and could adversely affect our business. In addition, some of these additions to our team will increase our overall cost structure, which may adversely affect our
financial performance. This adverse impact is particularly applicable in the short term while we are in the process of implementing our new growth strategy. Austin Ventures controls us, and will continue to control us, as long as it beneficially owns a majority of our common stock. Austin Ventures beneficially owns approximately 75 of our outstanding common stock. Because Austin Ventures and its affiliates own more than 50 of our common stock, we are considered a controlled company 
under NASD Marketplace Rule 4350(c)(5), and we are exempt from NASD rules that would otherwise require that our board of directors consist of a majority of independent directors. As a controlled company, we also are exempt from NASD
rules that require the compensation of officers and the nomination of company directors be determined by a committee of independent directors or a majority of independent directors. Our board of directors currently consists of eight directors, of
which three qualify as independent directors under NASD rules. As long as Austin Ventures beneficially owns a majority of our outstanding common stock, Austin Ventures will continue to be able to elect all members of our board of directors.
Purchasers of our common stock will not be able to affect the outcome of any stockholder vote until Austin Ventures beneficially owns less than a majority of our outstanding common stock. As a result, Austin Ventures will control all matters
affecting us, including: 

the composition of our board of directors and, through it, any determination with respect to our business direction and policies, including the appointment and removal of officers;

any determinations with respect to mergers or other business combinations; 

our acquisition or disposition of assets; and 

our corporate finance activities. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, to the extent that Austin Ventures continues to beneficially own a significant portion of
our outstanding common stock, although less than a majority, it will continue to have a significant influence over all matters submitted to our stockholders and to exercise significant control over our business policies and affairs. Under our
certificate of incorporation, as amended, if Austin Ventures ceases to own at least 30 of our outstanding common stock, the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our common stock will be required for stockholders to amend our
certificate of incorporation or bylaws, to increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of our capital stock or to remove a director. Furthermore, concentration of voting power could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a
change of control or other business combination that might otherwise be beneficial to our stockholders. This significant concentration of share ownership may also adversely affect the trading price for our common stock because investors may perceive
disadvantages in owning stock in a company that is controlled by a small number of stockholders. Austin Ventures is not prohibited from selling a controlling interest in us to a third party or a participant in our industry. For additional
information regarding our relationship with Austin Ventures, you should read the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions. Austin Ventures and its designees on our board of directors may have interests that conflict with our interests. Austin Ventures and its designees on our board of directors may have interests that conflict with, or are different from, our own. Conflicts of interest
between Austin Ventures and us may arise, and such conflicts of interest may not be resolved in a manner favorable to us, including potential competitive business activities, corporate opportunities, indemnity arrangements, registration rights,
sales or distributions by Austin Ventures of our common stock and the exercise by Austin Ventures of its ability to control our management and affairs. Our certificate of incorporation does not contain any provisions designed to facilitate
resolution of actual or potential conflicts of interest, or to ensure that potential business opportunities that may become available to both Austin Ventures and us will be reserved for or made available to us. Pertinent provisions of law will
govern any such matters if they arise. In addition, Austin Ventures and its director designees could delay or prevent an acquisition or merger even if the transaction would benefit other stockholders. Our operations could be disrupted by power outages, political unrest, natural disasters or other disasters. As our manufacturing facilities are located in Reynosa, Mexico and in Austin, Texas, earthquakes, fires, flooding or other natural disasters in these
locations, or an epidemic, political unrest, war, labor strikes or work stoppages, or interruptions in supply or utilities at either of these locations would likely result in the disruption of our manufacturing services, would cause significant
delays in shipments of our products and materially and adversely affect our operating results. We intend to expand our research and
development activities and other operations, and this expansion may strain our resources and increase our operating expenses. We
intend to increase our research and development activities and other operations, both in the United States and in Mexico, as we grow our business and expand our technology offerings. We may do so through both internal growth and acquisitions. We
expect that this expansion could strain our systems and operational and financial controls. In addition, we are likely to incur higher operating costs as a publicly held company and as we seek to expand our business. To manage our growth
effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our systems and controls. If we fail to do so, our growth will be limited. Products that incorporate our technologies must conform to industry standards in order to be widely accepted by OEMs for use in their products. Our services and technologies are used to create products that comprise only a part of a larger system. Typically, the components of these systems comply with industry standards in order to operate efficiently
together. We depend on companies that provide other components of systems and devices to support prevailing 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

industry standards. Many of these companies are significantly larger and more influential in affecting industry standards than we are. Some industry
standards may not be widely adopted or implemented consistently, and competing standards may emerge that may be preferred by our customers or end users. If larger companies do not support the same industry standards that we do, or if competing
standards emerge, market acceptance of our products could be adversely affected which would harm our business. Industry standards are
continually evolving, and our ability to compete in the future will depend on our ability to identify and ensure compliance with these evolving industry standards. The emergence of new industry standards could render our products incompatible with
products developed by other suppliers. As a result, we could be required to invest significant time and effort and to incur significant expense to implement new services and technologies to ensure compliance with relevant standards. If our products
or those of our customers are not in compliance with prevailing industry standards for a significant period of time, we may not be able to sell our services and technologies and our operating results would suffer. In addition, if we do not correctly
anticipate new technologies and standards, or if the products that we develop based on these new technologies and standards fail to achieve market acceptance, our competitors may be better able to address market demand than we would and our business
and results of operations would be adversely affected. We depend on a few key personnel to manage our business effectively, and if
we lose the services of any of those personnel or are unable to hire additional personnel, our business could be harmed. We believe
our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled managerial, engineering, sales and marketing personnel. Our success to date has been highly dependent on James W. Cady, our Chief Technology Officer,
whose retirement will be effective April 1, 2006. In May 2005, we hired Wayne R. Lieberman to be our new President and Chief Executive Officer, who is responsible for establishing our future direction and strategies. We believe that our future
success will be dependent on retaining the services of our key personnel, developing their successors, modifying our internal processes to reduce our reliance on specific individuals, and on properly managing the transition of key roles should
departures or additions to the management team occur. The loss of any of our key employees, or the inability to attract or retain qualified personnel, including engineers and sales and marketing personnel, could delay the development and
introduction of, and negatively impact our ability to sell, our services and technologies. If our services and technologies are used
in defective products or include defective parts, we may be subject to product liability or other claims. If we manufacture memory
products that are defectively manufactured, used in defective or malfunctioning products or contain defective components, we could be subject to product liability claims and product recalls, safety alerts or advisory notices. While we have product
liability insurance coverage, we cannot assume that it will be adequate to satisfy claims made against us in the future or that we will be able to obtain insurance in the future at satisfactory rates or in adequate amounts. Product liability claims
or product recalls in the future, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation, and on our ability to attract and retain licensees and
customers. We may be involved in costly legal proceedings to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights or to defend
against claims that we infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Litigation is inherently uncertain, and an adverse
outcome could subject us to significant liability for damages or invalidate our proprietary rights. Legal proceedings we initiate to protect our intellectual property rights could also result in counterclaims or countersuits against us. Any
litigation, regardless of its outcome, could be time consuming and expensive to resolve and could divert our management s time and attention. Any intellectual property litigation also could force us to take specific actions, including:

cease selling products that are claimed to be infringing a third party s intellectual property; 

obtain licenses to make, use, sell, offer for sale or import the relevant technologies from the intellectual property s owner, which licenses may not be available on reasonable
terms, or at all; 
 27 

Table of Contents 

redesign those products that are claimed to be infringing a third party s intellectual property; or 

pursue legal remedies with third parties to enforce our indemnification rights, which may not adequately protect our interests. We have found it necessary to litigate against others, including our customers, to enforce our intellectual property and contractual and commercial
rights including, in particular, our trade secrets, as well as to challenge the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others and to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. We may be involved in costly legal proceedings involving our contracts, which could include our licensees, potential licenses or strategic
partners. We may become involved in a dispute relating to our contracts, which could include or be with a licensee, potential
licensee or strategic partner. Any such dispute could cause the licensee or strategic partner to cease making royalty or other payments to us and could substantially damage our relationship with the company on both business and technical levels. Any
litigation stemming from such a dispute could be very expensive. Litigation could also severely disrupt or shut down the business operations of our licensees or strategic partners, which in turn would significantly harm our ongoing relations with
them and cause us to lose royalty revenues. Any such litigation could also harm our relationships with other licensees or our ability to gain new customers, who may postpone licensing decisions pending the outcome of the litigation. Our failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations could subject us to significant fines and liabilities, and new laws and regulations
or changes in regulatory interpretation or enforcement could make compliance more difficult and costly. We are subject to various
and frequently changing U.S. federal, state and local, and foreign governmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and
disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites and the maintenance of a safe workplace. We could incur substantial costs, including clean-up costs, civil or criminal fines or sanctions and third-party claims for
property damage or personal injury, as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental laws and regulations or non-compliance with the environmental permits required for our facilities. These laws, regulations and permits also could
require the installation of costly pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit pollutant emissions or decrease the likelihood of accidental releases of hazardous substances. In addition, new laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination at our
sites or the imposition of new clean-up requirements could require us to curtail our operations, restrict our future expansion, subject us to liability and cause us to incur future costs that would have a negative effect on our operating results and
cash flow. Economic, political and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our
revenue. Since we sell our services and technologies worldwide, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business
internationally. Our revenue originating outside the United States, including license revenue from Samsung and Infineon and services revenue from our United States and Mexico manufacturing facilities derived from foreign customers, as a percentage
of our total revenue, was 37 in 2005, 59 in 2004 and 49 in 2003. International turmoil, exacerbated by the war in Iraq and the escalating tensions in North Korea, have contributed to an uncertain political and economic climate, both in the United
States and globally, which may affect our ability to generate revenue on a predictable basis. In addition, terrorist attacks and the threat of future terrorist attacks both domestically and internationally have negatively impacted the worldwide
economy. As we ship 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

memory units both in the United States and internationally, the threat of future terrorist attacks may adversely affect our business. These conditions make
it difficult for us and for our customers to accurately forecast and plan future business activities and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. A portion of our revenue is derived from customers based in Asia. The economies of Asia have been highly volatile and recessionary in the past, resulting
in significant fluctuations in local currencies and other instabilities. Some countries in Asia have recently been affected by infectious diseases. These instabilities continue and may occur again in the future. Our exposure to the business risks
presented by the economies of Asia will increase to the extent that we continue to expand our customer base and activities in that region. An outbreak of an infectious disease could result in reduced demand for products incorporating our
technologies, extend the qualification periods for our technologies or otherwise adversely affect our business. Adoption of the
Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB s Statement 123(R) will adversely affect our results of operations, and changes to existing accounting pronouncements or taxation rules or practices may adversely affect our
business, financial condition or results of operations. In December 2004, the FASB adopted Statement 123(R), Share Based
Payment an Amendment of FASB Statements No. 123 and supersedes APB Opinion No. 25, which requires us, starting in the first quarter of 2006, to measure compensation costs for all stock-based compensation (including stock options
and our employee stock purchase plan) at fair value and take a compensation charge equal to that value. We believe the adoption of SFAS 123(R) will have a significant negative impact on our results of operations, but will not significantly impact
our financial position or cash flows. A change in accounting pronouncements or taxation rules or practices can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even affect our reporting of transactions completed before the change is
effective. Other new accounting pronouncements or taxation rules and varying interpretations of accounting pronouncements or taxation practice have occurred and may occur in the future. This change to existing rules, future changes, if any, or the
questioning of current practices may adversely affect our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business. Recently
enacted and proposed changes in securities laws and regulations have increased our costs. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that
became law in July 2002, as well as new rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC, have required changes to some of our corporate governance practices. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act also requires the Securities and Exchange Commission to
promulgate additional new rules on a variety of subjects. In addition to final rules and rule proposals already made by the SEC, the National Association of Securities Dealers, or NASD, has adopted revisions to its requirements for companies, such
as us, that propose to have securities listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market. These new rules and regulations have increased our legal and financial compliance costs, and have made some activities more difficult, time consuming and costly. These new
rules and regulations have made it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. These new rules and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members for our
board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee, as well as qualified executive officers. Available Information 
 We maintain a web site at www.staktek.com, which makes available free of charge our filings with the SEC. Our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
Annual Report on Form 10-K, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 are available through the Investor Relations page of our
web site as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file this material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our web site and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES Our principal executive offices are
located at 8900 Shoal Creek Boulevard, Suite 125, Austin, Texas 78757. The facility consists of approximately 46,000 square feet of office space under lease through 2010. It houses all executive, administrative and research functions and staff. We
also do limited manufacturing at this facility. In January 2003, we commenced manufacturing operations at our new facility in Reynosa,
Mexico. This facility consists of approximately 45,000 square feet, which we own. During the year ended December 31, 2005, we manufactured over 95 of our memory products at this facility. We continue to evaluate our future real estate needs based on the current industry environment and our business requirements. We believe that these
facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our current operating needs. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS On October 22, 2004, a
class action complaint for violations of U.S. federal securities laws was filed in the U.S. District Court in New Mexico against us and two of our executive officers (the Defendants ). The plaintiff claims that the Defendants failed to
disclose to the public an anticipated shortage of computer memory chips and that they knew or recklessly disregarded that the anticipated shortage would have a materially adverse impact on our revenue and earnings. In addition, the plaintiff claims
that the Defendants failed to disclose to investors that the industry s transition to a new generation of higher-capacity memory chips was causing computer makers to stockpile supplies of older memory chips, increasing the shortage. The suit
covers individuals who purchased our stock between November 26, 2003 and May 19, 2004. In April 2005, the case was transferred
to federal district court in Austin, Texas, and in June the plaintiff amended her complaint, adding our chairman of the board as a defendant. In July 2005, we filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint, which motion is pending. We do not believe there is any merit to the claims asserted by the plaintiff in this complaint and plan to vigorously defend ourselves. Due to the early
stage of this lawsuit, we cannot estimate the outcome of this matter or the resulting financial impact to us, if any. From time to time,
we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. As of January 30, 2006, we were not involved in any other material legal proceedings. 

ITEM 4. 
 SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS None. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our common stock has been
quoted on the Nasdaq National Market since February 6, 2004 under the symbol STAK. As of March 1, 2006, there were 28 holders of record of our common stock. The following tables sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sales prices per share of our common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market. 

High 
 
 Low 
 
 2004: 

Quarter Ended March 31 (beginning Feb. 6) 

15.61 

11.42 
 
 Quarter Ended June 30 

13.00 

4.97 
 
 Quarter Ended September 30 

6.46 

3.79 
 
 Quarter Ended December 31 

4.77 

3.35 

2005: 

Quarter Ended March 31 

4.82 

3.50 
 
 Quarter Ended June 30 

4.25 

2.39 
 
 Quarter Ended September 30 

4.02 

2.94 
 
 Quarter Ended December 31 

7.99 

3.25 
 Dividends We have not declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We expect to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the operation and development of our business. Our redeemable preferred stock (the Preferred Stock issued in August 2003 accrued a cumulative dividend at a rate of 8 per annum. In
February 2004, we paid all accumulated dividends totaling 1.1 million to holders of our Preferred Stock, and all outstanding shares of our Preferred Stock were redeemed and canceled. At December 31, 2005 we had 5.0 million authorized shares of 0.001 par value redeemable preferred stock, none of which was issued or
outstanding. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table provides information with respect to our purchases of our common stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2005: 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 
 Average Price Paid per Share (2) 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 
 Maximum Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased under the Plans or
Programs 
 
 October 
 
 145,050 

3.76 
 
 145,050 
 
 Approx. 3.6 million 
 
 November 
 
 790,072 

4.50 
 
 790,072 
 
 0.0 
 
 December 

0.0 

TOTAL 
 
 935,122 

4.38 
 
 935,122 

(1) 
 On July 28, 2004, we announced that the Board approved a stock repurchase program for up to 15 million to purchase shares of our common stock. During November 2005, we
completed this stock repurchase program. 

(2) 
 Excludes commissions paid. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The selected financial
data should be read in conjunction with Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing in Item 8 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. The consolidated statement of operations for the period from January 1, 2003 to August 20, 2003, the period from inception to December 31, 2003, the year ended December 31, 2004, and the year ended
December 31, 2005, and the consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2004 and December 31, 2005 are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The
consolidated statement of operations for the years ended December 31, 2001 and December 31, 2002, and the consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2001, December 31, 2002 and December 31, 2003 are derived from
our audited consolidated financial statements that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected in any future period. 

Staktek Holdings, Inc. 

Predecessor Company 

Year Ended December 31, 

Period from Inception to Dec. 31, 2003 

Period from Jan. 1, 2003 to Aug. 20, 2003 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 2005 

2004 

2002 
 
 2001 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations: 

Total Revenue 

52,526 

73,626 

27,222 

44,133 

47,016 

49,225 
 
 Gross profit 

11,771 

31,136 

10,940 

24,300 

23,953 

24,314 
 
 Income (loss) from operations 

(12,277) 

13,911 

(1,255) 

16,257 

17,727 

17,803 
 
 Net income (loss) 

(7,477) 

7,806 

(5,274) 

9,476 

11,526 

13,460 
 
 Preferred stock dividends 

(266) 

(872) 

Income (loss) available to common stockholders 

(7,477) 

7,540 

(6,146) 

9,476 

11,526 

13,460 

Earnings (loss) per share: 

Basic 

(0.15) 

0.16 

(0.17) 

5.16 

6.33 

7.49 

Diluted 

(0.15) 

0.15 

(0.17) 

4.86 

6.01 

7.07 

Shares used in computing earnings (loss) per share: 

Basic 

48,579 

47,234 

36,647 

1,836 

1,822 

1,798 
 
 Diluted 

48,579 

50,996 

36,647 

1,949 

1,917 

1,903 

Staktek Holdings, Inc. 

Predecessor Company 

As of December 31, 

As of December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2005 

2004 

2003 

2002 
 
 2001 

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

38,011 

39,984 

31,165 

31,449 

24,906 

Working capital 

79,515 

82,011 

25,404 

36,188 

26,275 

Total assets 

138,349 

155,471 

137,542 

58,781 

41,571 

Capitalized lease obligations, less current maturities 

51 

167 

280 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

65,125 

Redeemable preferred stock 

30,372 

Total stockholders equity 

131,284 

141,807 

315 

44,419 

32,783 

32 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Cautionary Statement The following discussion should be read along with the audited consolidated
financial statements and notes appearing in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements regarding future events and our
future results are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections and the beliefs and assumptions of our management including, without limitation, our planned expansion in Hong Kong, China and Europe; our intent to build upon
our leadership position; our expectations regarding expanding our DRAM business; our intent to allocate increased resources to research and development; our belief that our technologies will have applications across a broad spectrum of complementary
markets; our expectations regarding leveraging our strategic relationships; our intent to continue to provide high-volume manufacturing services to facilitate adoption of our technologies; our expectations regarding selling, general and
administrative expenses and research and development expenses over the next several quarters; our expectations regarding borrowing under our credit agreement prior to its termination; our expectations regarding the lack of significant credit losses
from our customers; our belief that our current assets, including cash and cash equivalents, investments and expected cash flow from operations, will be sufficient to fund our operations, our anticipated additions to property and equipment and
any share repurchases under our stock repurchase program for at least the next 12 months; our belief regarding the future of planar technologies; our belief that our package-stacking technologies and manufacturing processes are directly
applicable to Flash memory market; our belief that our facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our current operating needs; our belief that our strong patent portfolio and intellectual property position will allow us to continue to expand our
business; and our belief that adoption of SFAS 123(R) will not significantly impact our financial position. Words such as we expect, anticipate, target, project, believe, goals, 
 estimate, potential, predict, may, might, could, intend, variations of these types of words and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking
statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those
expressed in any forward-looking statements. Among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
indicated by our forward-looking statements are those discussed in Risk Factors appearing in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and elsewhere in this report. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any
forward-looking statement for any reason. Readers should carefully review the risk factors described in Item 1A, as well as in the documents filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission, specifically our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2004 filed with the SEC on March 9, 2005, as well as our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and in our other SEC filings, as they may be amended from time to time. Overview We are a leading provider
of intellectual property and services for next-generation, stacking and module technologies for high-speed, high-capacity systems. As of December 31, 2005, our patent portfolio consisted of more than 175 patents and patent
applications pending. We believe that our strong patent portfolio and intellectual property position will allow us to continue to expand our business as demand for high-density memory increases and to capitalize on emerging market opportunities. We
intend to exploit our intellectual property and capabilities to establish market leadership in new technologies. Significant developments
in 2005 included the following: 

Services revenue decreased 18 during 2005 as compared to 2004, which was the result of a reduction in unit volumes primarily driven by various industry transitions.
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

We renewed and expanded the license agreement we originally entered into with Samsung in July of 2000 for stacking DRAM using our stacking technology. Under the terms of
the expanded agreement, until 2010, Samsung will be able to use our leaded package stacking technology for any Samsung leaded device, such as DRAM, SRAM and Flash memory. Our revenue related to this contract decreased approximately 46 from 2004 as
a result of a reduction in unit volumes. 

We introduced our ArctiCore module technology, and also announced a license agreement with SMART Modular, in which we are licensing to SMART Modular this technology, as well as our
Value, Performance and High Performance Stakpaks. In 2005, we recognized up-front license fees and expect to begin receiving ongoing royalties during 2006. We expect to enter into additional license agreements licensing our new ArctiCore technology
in the future, although we cannot guarantee that we will be able to do so. 

We introduced FlashStak and announced our first customer to incorporate FlashStak into its Flash memory product offerings. Sales of FlashStak were immaterial in the month of
December and we expect them to be immaterial in the near term. 

We continued to relocate our manufacturing operations to our Reynosa facility, where we now manufacture over 95 of our units. 

We named Wayne R. Lieberman as our new President and Chief Executive Officer, hired several new members of our management team and realigned our executive and technical
infrastructure to support our new growth strategy. 

We began adding sales capabilities outside of the United States. Near the end of 2005, we added a third-party sales agent in Korea, and in the first quarter of 2006, added an agent
in Japan. We plan to take similar actions in Hong Kong, China and throughout Europe to aid in our regional sales efforts. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations The following table presents our results of operations for the periods indicated expressed as a percentage of total revenue: 

Staktek Holdings, Inc. 

Predecessor Company 

Year Ended December 31, 

Period from Inception to Dec. 31, 2003 

Period from Jan. 1, 2003 to Aug. 20, 2003 

2005 

2004 

Revenue: 

Services 
 
 64.0 

55.8 

77.2 

71.4 

License 
 
 36.0 

44.2 

22.8 

28.6 

Total revenue 
 
 100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Cost of revenue: 

Services 
 
 51.9 

35.5 

35.9 

44.9 

Amortization of acquisition intangibles 
 
 24.6 

21.4 

16.8 

Amortization of deferred stock-based compensation and stock compensation expense 
 
 1.1 

0.8 

7.1 

0.0 

Total cost of revenue 
 
 77.6 

57.7 

59.8 

44.9 

Gross profit 
 
 22.4 

42.3 

40.2 

55.1 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 
 
 19.2 

11.5 

12.5 

7.0 

Research and development 
 
 10.2 

3.5 

3.1 

3.5 

Business restructuring and acquisition 
 
 1.9 

9.0 

7.7 

In-process research and development 

2.6 

Amortization of acquisition intangibles 
 
 1.9 

2.5 

3.9 

Amortization of deferred stock-based compensation and stock compensation expense 
 
 12.6 

5.9 

13.7 

0.1 

Total operating expenses 
 
 45.8 

23.4 

44.8 

18.3 

Income (loss) from operations 
 
 (23.4) 
 
 18.9 

(4.6) 
 
 36.8 

Other income (expense), net 
 
 3.3 

(1.1) 
 
 (12.4) 
 
 0.2 

Income (loss) before income taxes 
 
 (20.1) 
 
 17.8 

(17.0) 
 
 37.0 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 
 (5.9) 
 
 7.2 

2.4 

15.5 

Net income (loss) 
 
 (14.2) 
 
 10.6 

(19.4) 
 
 21.5 

In our discussion of our results of operations in 2003, we discuss each line item in the
consolidated statement of operations on a combined basis for comparative purposes. These combined amounts represent the sum of the financial data for Staktek Corporation (the Predecessor Company and us for the periods from
January 1, 2003 through December 31, 2003. These combined amounts are for informational purposes only. Total Revenue 
 Total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2005 was 52.5 million, compared to revenue of 73.6 million and 71.4 million for the years ended
December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Services revenue in 2005 was 33.6 million, compared to 41.0 million and 52.6 million for 2004 and 2003, respectively. License revenue in 2005 was 18.9 million, compared to 32.6 million and 18.8
million for 2004 and 2003, respectively. Our reduced services revenue during 2005 was the result of a decline in our unit volume primarily
driven by a series of industry transitions. First, there has been a transition from stacked products based on 256-megabit 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

memory TSOPs, to next-generation stacked products based on 512-megabit memory devices. Since the next- generation devices deliver twice as many bits of
memory as the current generation, the demand for stacked memory packages, as measured in megabits, was satisfied at lower levels of unit volumes. As a result, we experienced a decrease in the number of 256-megabit units, partially offset by an
increase in higher-priced units based on 512-megabit memory devices shipped during 2005 as compared to similar units shipped in 2004. In addition, a movement to non-leaded package technology, as well as the adoption of DDR-2, have allowed the size
of the DRAM package to vary and to more closely align with the size of the memory die in the package. This combination of industry transitions has led to an increased use of planar solutions, which allow additional memory devices to be directly
attached on the printed circuit board without the need for stacking. License revenue decreased 13.7 million during 2005, compared with
2004, due primarily to decreased royalty revenue from Samsung as a result of lower unit volumes. Services revenue in 2004 decreased from
2003 primarily due to lower units shipped and a shift in customer demand to our lower-priced Value Stakpak product. The decrease in demand for our Performance Stakpak product was due mainly to three factors. The first factor was that as a result of
the price parity between stacked 256-megabit DRAM densities and non-stacked, monolithic 512-megabit DRAM densities, our customers did not need to utilize stacked 256-megabit DRAM but instead could use a single monolithic 512-megabit DRAM for the
same cost or less. The second factor regarding the decrease in demand was the overall DRAM supply shortage during the second and third quarters of 2004. Third, we had been selling to Celestica Corporation as a supply-chain partner of IBM, but IBM
adopted a different business model by sourcing more of its high-density needs directly through silicon providers rather than indirectly through Staktek. The principle effect of this change was to shift some service revenue to license revenue. In
addition, this shift resulted in a loss of some business to alternative technologies. It is not possible to specifically quantify the impact of these factors on our 2004 results. License revenue increased 13.8 million during 2004, compared with
2003, due primarily to higher royalty revenue from Samsung, and to a lesser extent, due to the addition of Infineon as a licensee in 2004. The following tables summarize sales to customers that represented 10 or more of total revenue for the periods indicated: 

Staktek Holdings, Inc. 

Predecessor Company 

Year Ended December 31, 

Period from Inception to Dec. 31, 2003 

Period from Jan. 1, 2003 to Aug. 20, 2003 

2005 

2004 

Samsung 
 
 32 

43 

23 

29 

Micron 
 
 21 

17 

24 

29 

Hewlett-Packard 
 
 17 

Celestica 

17 

17 

SMART Modular 
 
 11 

12 

11 

10 

Amount does not exceed 10 for the indicated period. The
following table sets forth customers which receivable balances represented more than 10 of our accounts receivable at the dates indicated: 

December 31, 

2005 

2004 

Hewlett-Packard 
 
 29 

18 

Netlist, Inc. 
 
 22 

Micron 
 
 22 

45 

SMART Modular 
 
 15 

23 

Amount does not exceed 10 for the indicated period. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Gross Profit Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2005 was 11.8 million, or 22.4 of total revenue. This amount represents a decrease of 19.3 million, compared to gross profit of 31.1 million, or 42.3 of total
revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2004. The reduction in our gross profit for 2005 was primarily the result of a decrease in our total revenue. License revenue, for which there was not any corresponding impact on our cost of revenue,
declined by 13.7 million. Additionally, our services revenue declined by 7.4 million while costs associated with this revenue increased 1.1 million. Manufacturing costs did not decline, due to the fixed cost nature of our production process and
increased costs of temporary staffing in our Austin facility related to ramping our new High Performance Stakpak. By December 31, 2005, the manufacture of this product was largely shifted to our lower-cost facility in Reynosa, Mexico. Gross
profit as a percentage of total revenue was reduced by 25.7 percentage points during 2005 due to the amortization of acquisition intangibles and the amortization of deferred stock-based compensation and stock compensation expense allocated to cost
of revenue, as compared with a 22.2 percentage point impact of these items on overall gross profit during 2004. Our manufacturing services gross profit percentage, defined as gross profit calculated from services revenue and services cost of
revenue, decreased by approximately 17.5 percentage points in 2005 as compared to 2004, due mainly to fixed costs being spread over fewer units and the ramp of our High Performance production, partially offset by the reduction in manufacturing costs
resulting from the increased utilization of our high-volume manufacturing facility in Mexico in 2005. Gross profit for the year ended
December 31, 2004 was 31.1 million, or 42.3 of total revenue. This amount represents a decrease of 4.1 million, compared to gross profit of 35.2 million, or 49.4 of total revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2003. The decrease in
gross profit dollars for 2004 was due to the 11.2 million increase in the cost of revenue component of amortization of acquisition intangibles recorded in 2004 versus 2003, a shift in our mix of products to our lower-margin Value Stakpak product
and an overall decline in in-house stacked units in 2004. These decreases were partially offset by reduced direct labor and benefits as a result of the increased utilization of our high-volume manufacturing facility in Reynosa, Mexico in 2004 and by
the substantial increase in license revenue as a percentage of total revenue. License revenue increased to 44.2 of total revenue in 2004 from 26.4 of total revenue in 2003. Gross profit as a percentage of revenue was reduced by 22.2 percentage
points during 2004 due to the amortization of acquisition intangibles and the amortization of deferred stock-based compensation and stock compensation expense allocated to cost of revenue, as compared with a 9.2 percentage point impact of these
items on overall gross profit during 2003. Our manufacturing services gross profit percentage decreased by approximately 7.3 percentage points in 2004 as compared to 2003 due mainly to fixed costs being spread over fewer units and the shift in
mix to our Value Stakpak product, partially offset by the reduction in manufacturing costs resulting from the increased utilization of our manufacturing facility in Mexico in 2004. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expense for
the year ended December 31, 2005 was 10.1 million, or 19.2 of total revenue. This amount reflected an increase of 1.7 million, or 19.5 , as compared to selling, general and administrative expense of 8.4 million, or 11.5 of total revenue,
for the year ended December 31, 2004. The increase in selling, general and administrative expense during 2005 relative to 2004 was primarily due to higher personnel costs of 0.5 million and relocation costs of 0.3 million associated with our
broadening sales and marketing efforts and an increase in directors and officers insurance costs of 0.3 million. We expect selling, general and administrative expense to range between 23 to 25 of revenue over the next several
quarters. Selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2004 was 8.4 million, or 11.5 of total
revenue. This amount reflected an increase of 1.9 million, or 29.2 , as compared to selling, general and administrative expense of 6.5 million, or 9.1 of total revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2003. The increase in selling, general
and administrative expense during 2004 relative to 2003 was primarily due to an increase in directors and officers insurance costs of 1.3 million, increased staffing costs of 0.7 million and audit and tax services of 0.2 million,
mainly as a result of being a public company. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development Research and development expense for the year ended December 31, 2005 was 5.3 million, or 10.2 of total revenue, which reflected an increase of 2.7 million, or 108.5 , as compared with research and development
expense of 2.6 million, or 3.5 of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2004. The increase in costs for the year resulted from our expenditures in the development of our non-leaded technologies, ArctiCore, System Stakpak and other new
product initiatives. We intend to devote additional resources to research and development in future periods to address market opportunities for advanced technologies, such as DDR-3, DRAM chips in BGA packages, non-DRAM homogeneous circuits, and
heterogeneous circuits (our System Stakpak), as well as to design and develop tooling, testing capabilities and automation equipment to position us to qualify and manufacture products based on these new technologies. As a result, we expect research
and development expenses to range between 15 to 17 of revenue in the next several quarters. Research and development expense for the
year ended December 31, 2004 was 2.6 million, or 3.5 of total revenue, which reflected an increase of 0.2 million, or 6.2 , as compared with research and development expense of 2.4 million, or 3.4 of total revenue for the year ended
December 31, 2003. The increase in costs for the year was primarily due to increased materials costs as we developed our processes for stacking new BGA packages and by amortization of the patents acquired from DPAC in the second quarter of
2004, partially offset by lower process development expenses. Business Restructuring and Acquisition During the year ended December 31, 2005, we recorded business restructuring expenses of 1.0 million, comprised of severance costs associated with
the move of our high-volume manufacturing to Reynosa, Mexico and realignment of our organizational structure to focus on our growth strategy. There were no business restructuring or acquisition-related costs in 2004. During the year ended December 31, 2003, we
recorded business restructuring and acquisition expenses of 5.8 million, comprised of 5.3 million of expenses associated with the Staktek acquisition and severance costs of 0.5 million associated with the move of our high-volume manufacturing
facility to Reynosa, Mexico. In-process Research and Development Of the total purchase price we paid in the acquisition of the predecessor company in 2003, we allocated 0.7 million to in-process research and
development IPR D ), and expensed it. We based the value of IPR D on an evaluation of all developmental projects using the guidance set forth in FASB Interpretation No. 4, Applicability of FASB Statement No. 2 to
Business Combinations Accounted for by the Purchase Method. Projects that qualify as IPR D represent those that have not yet reached technological feasibility and for which no future alternative uses exist. Technological feasibility is
defined as being equivalent to a beta-phase working prototype in which there is no remaining risk relating to the development. Amortization of
Acquisition Intangibles During the year ended December 31, 2005, we amortized 14.0 million of intangible assets resulting
from the Staktek acquisition during the third quarter of 2003, with 13.0 million allocated to cost of revenue and 1.0 million to operating expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2004, we amortized 17.6 million of intangible assets resulting from that acquisition, with 15.8 million allocated to cost of revenue and 1.8 million to operating expenses.
During the year ended December 31, 2003, we amortized 5.6 million of intangible assets from that acquisition, with 4.6 million allocated to cost of revenue and 1.0 million to operating expenses. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 The acquisition intangibles were originally valued using a discounted cash flow methodology. As a result,
each year the total annual amortization expense of these intangibles is scheduled to decline. Amortization of Deferred Stock-Based Compensation and
Stock Compensation Expense We recorded amortization of deferred stock-based compensation and stock compensation expense of 7.2
million for the year ended December 31, 2005, with 0.6 million allocated to cost of revenue and 6.6 million to operating expenses. We recorded amortization expense associated with deferred stock-based compensation of 5.0 million for the year
ended December 31, 2004, with 0.6 million allocated to cost of revenue and 4.4 million to operating expenses. The increase in deferred stock-based compensation and stock compensation expense during 2005 as compared to 2004 was the result of
the recognition of 2.5 million of additional stock compensation expense related to the accelerated vesting of certain of our former chief executive officer s exercised, unvested shares of common stock acquired through stock options and his
unexercised stock options in 2005, in accordance with the terms of his amended employment agreement. We recorded amortization of deferred stock-based compensation and stock compensation expense of 5.7 million for the year ended December 31,
2003, with 1.9 million allocated to cost of revenue and 3.8 million to operating expenses. As a result of the issuance of SFAS 123(R),
beginning the first quarter of 2006, we will expense the stock compensation, based upon fair value, related to our options over the requisite vesting period, as a result, eliminating the December 31, 2005 deferred compensation balance.
 Interest and Other Income (Expense) Interest and other income, net, for the year ended December 31, 2005, was 1.7 million, as compared to interest and other expense, net of 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2004. The increase in interest and other
income, net, for 2005 versus 2004 was mainly due to an improved rate of return on investments, an increase in cash position and a reduction in interest expense associated with the senior and subordinating debt incurred to finance the Staktek
acquisition in 2003, which was repaid following our initial public offering in February 2004. Interest and other expense, net, for the
year ended December 31, 2004, was 0.8 million, as compared to 3.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2003. The decrease in interest and other expense, net for 2004 versus 2003 was mainly due to interest expenses associated with the
senior and subordinated debt incurred to finance the Staktek acquisition in 2003, which was repaid following our initial public offering in February 2004. Provision for Income Taxes We recorded an income tax benefit of 3.1 million and an expense of 5.3 million in the
years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004, our effective tax rate was 29.1 and 40.3 , respectively. The effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate of 35 due
primarily to the impact of certain stock compensation expenses that were not tax deductible, in addition to other permanent items, including tax-exempt interest income. We incurred income tax expense of 5.3 million and 7.5 million in the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003, our effective tax rate was 40.3 
and 64.1 , respectively. The effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate of 35 due primarily to the impact of certain stock compensation expenses that were not tax deductible, in addition to other permanent items. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Quarterly Results of Operations The following table presents unaudited results of operations for each of the quarters in the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004. You should read the following table in conjunction with the consolidated
financial statements and related notes contained in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have prepared the unaudited information on the same basis as our audited consolidated financial statements. This table includes all adjustments,
consisting of normal recurring adjustments, that we consider necessary for a fair presentation of our financial position and operating results for the quarters presented. Operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results
for any future quarters or for a full year. 

Three Months Ended 
 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Dec. 31, 2005 

Sep 30, 2005 

Jun. 30, 2005 

Mar. 31, 2005 
 
 Dec. 31, 2004 
 
 Sep 30, 2004 
 
 Jun. 30, 2004 
 
 Mar. 31, 2004 
 
 Revenue: 

Services 

9,067 

8,804 

7,707 

8,063 

9,762 

8,249 

10,422 

12,614 
 
 License 

3,878 

3,989 

3,570 

7,448 

7,909 

7,820 

7,663 

9,187 

Total revenue 

12,945 

12,793 

11,277 

15,511 

17,671 

16,069 

18,085 

21,801 
 
 Gross profit 

3,966 

2,515 

259 

5,031 

7,085 

6,169 

7,480 

10,402 
 
 Net income (loss) 

(474) 

(2,615) 

(5,075) 

687 

1,686 

1,220 

2,042 

2,858 
 
 Net income (loss) available to common stockholders 

(474) 

(2,615) 

(5,075) 

687 

1,686 

1,220 

2,042 

2,592 
 
 Earnings (loss) per share: 

Basic 

(0.01) 

(0.05) 

(0.10) 

0.01 

0.03 

0.03 

0.04 

0.06 
 
 Diluted 

(0.01) 

(0.05) 

(0.10) 

0.01 

0.03 

0.02 

0.04 

0.05 
 
 Shares used in computing earnings (loss) per share: 

Basic 

48,236 

48,725 

48,623 

48,737 

48,880 

48,214 

48,407 

43,431 
 
 Diluted 

48,236 

48,725 

48,623 

50,547 

51,001 

51,685 

52,877 

50,005 
 The following table presents our historical results for the periods indicated as a percentage of
total revenue: 

Three Months Ended 

Dec. 31, 2005 

Sep 30, 2005 

Jun. 30, 2005 

Mar. 31, 2005 

Dec. 31, 2004 

Sep 30, 2004 

Jun. 30, 2004 

Mar. 31, 2004 

Revenue: 

Services 
 
 70.0 

68.8 

68.3 

52.0 

55.2 

51.3 

57.6 

57.9 

License 
 
 30.0 

31.2 

31.7 

48.0 

44.8 

48.7 

42.4 

42.1 

Total revenue 
 
 100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Gross profit 
 
 30.6 

19.7 

2.3 

32.4 

40.1 

38.4 

41.4 

47.7 

Net income (loss) 
 
 (3.7) 
 
 (20.4) 
 
 (45.0) 
 
 4.4 

9.5 

7.6 

11.3 

13.1 

Income (loss) available to common stockholders 
 
 (3.7) 
 
 (20.4) 
 
 (45.0) 
 
 4.4 

9.5 

7.6 

11.3 

11.9 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Our contractual future obligations at December 31, 2005 for the next five years are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

Total 
 
 Less Than 1 Year 
 
 1-3 Years 
 
 3-5 Years 
 
 More Than 5 Years 
 
 Operating leases 

1,738 

321 

724 

693 

Purchase obligations 

147 

147 

Total 

1,885 

468 

724 

693 

40 

Table of Contents 

 Operating lease obligations above included rent commitments at December 31, 2005 for our corporate
office and production facility located in Austin, Texas, and leases for two machines. Purchase obligations included a purchase commitment
at December 31, 2005 for the expected future costs to be incurred in the fulfillment of a minimum purchases contract with one of our vendors. As of December 31, 2005, our estimated future purchases under this contract were 675,000 units
totaling 121,500. We evaluated our potential exposure for the anticipated shortfall in units purchased under this minimum purchase contract and recorded an accrual of 25,000. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents and future cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund these obligations. As of December 31, 2005, we had no material future sales commitments to any of our customers. As of December 31, 2005, we had working capital of 79.5 million, including 73.7 million of cash, cash equivalents and investments, compared to
working capital of 82.0 million, including 77.4 million of cash, cash equivalents and investments as of December 31, 2004. The 2.5 million decrease in working capital during 2005 was primarily due to a 3.7 million reduction in cash, cash
equivalents and investments, which was primarily driven by purchases of 10.7 million under our stock repurchase plan. As of
December 31, 2004, we had working capital of 82.0 million, including 77.4 million of cash, cash equivalents and investments, compared to working capital of 25.4 million, including 31.2 million of cash, cash equivalents and investments as of
December 31, 2003. The 56.6 million increase in working capital during 2004 was primarily due to the 46.3 million increase in cash, cash equivalents and investments, including 24.0 million in net proceeds from our initial public offering
available for general corporate purposes, and the 12.5 million reduction in notes payable and current maturities of long-term debt due to the repayment in 2004 of debt incurred to finance the Staktek acquisition. Net cash provided by operating activities was 12.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2005, and resulted primarily from net income adjusted by
non-cash expenses, partially offset by the change in deferred income taxes and income taxes receivable. Net cash provided by operating activities during 2004 was 31.1 million and resulted primarily from net income adjusted by non-cash expenses and
a decrease in accounts receivable, partially offset by a decrease in deferred tax liabilities, a reduction in accrued liabilities due to payment of accrued interest on the debt from the Staktek acquisition and a decrease in trade accounts payable.
Net cash provided by operating activities were 13.5 million in 2003 and resulted mainly from net income adjusted by non-cash expenses, partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable and prepaid expenses and other assets. Net cash used in investing activities was 3.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2005, compared to 43.4 million for 2004. Investing
activities during 2005 consisted primarily of the purchase of investment securities of 93.5 million and additions to property, plant and equipment of 4.4 million, partially offset by sales of investment securities of 95.1 million. Net cash used
in investing activities was 43.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2004, compared to 92.5 million for 2003. Investing activities during 2004 consisted primarily of additions to property, plant and equipment of 4.8 million, purchases of
investment securities of 45.6 million and the purchase of patents, patent applications and certain customer information of 0.7 million, partially offset by sales of investment securities of 8.1 million. Investing activities during 2003 consisted
primarily of the 85.8 million paid for the acquisition of Staktek, net of the cash acquired, and additions to property, plant and equipment of 1.3 million. Net cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2005 was 10.4 million, primarily due to the purchase of our common stock as part of our stock repurchase program for 10.7 million. Net
cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2004 was 21.1 million, primarily due to the 145.5 million in gross proceeds received from our initial public offering, including the underwriters 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

exercise of their over-allotment option, net of underwriter fees of 10.2 million and associated expenses of 1.5 million paid during the year, debt payments
totaling 77.6 million and the 30.6 million redemption of the redeemable preferred stock. In the first quarter of 2004, we repaid all debt issued in connection with the Staktek acquisition, we redeemed all redeemable preferred stock previously
issued, and we terminated the senior revolving credit notes. Additionally, we paid 4.3 million during 2004 to purchase our stock as part of our stock repurchase program. Net cash provided by financing activities for 2003 was 107.9 million,
primarily due to the 79.5 million and the 29.5 million in proceeds received from the issuance of debt and preferred stock, respectively, in connection with the Staktek acquisition. On March 10, 2005, we entered into an unsecured revolving credit agreement with Guaranty Bank under which we may borrow up to 20.0 million at any
given time for a one-year term. This credit agreement is guaranteed by Staktek Group, L.P. Other than nominal closing costs associated with implementing the agreement, there are no ongoing fees associated with this credit agreement unless we borrow.
The interest rate on borrowings outstanding is based on the London interbank offered rate LIBOR ), plus between 1.25 and 1.60 , depending upon the amount of cash or liquid investments that we have on deposit with Guaranty Bank. We are
required to maintain at least 5.0 million on deposit with Guaranty Bank during the term of this credit agreement. The credit agreement
contains customary covenants that preclude us from, among other things, making material changes to the nature and scope of our business, entering into liquidation, merger or consolidation agreements in which we would not be the surviving entity, or
incurring indebtedness in excess of 10.0 million with a third party outside the scope of this agreement. The credit agreement contains
financial covenants that must be met for periods in which we have outstanding borrowings. These financial covenants include minimum tangible net worth of at least 70.0 million at the end of each calendar month, earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) of at least 3.0 million each quarter, and a ratio of senior debt to EBITDA of no more than 2.0 times. As of December 31, 2005, we were in compliance with these covenants. As of December 31, 2005, we
had not borrowed under this credit agreement, nor do we expect we will need to make any substantial borrowings under this agreement prior to the termination of the agreement in March 2006. We believe that our current assets, including cash and cash equivalents, investments and expected cash flow from operations, will be sufficient to fund
our operations, our anticipated additions to property and equipment and any share repurchases under our stock repurchase program for at least the next 12 months. However, it is possible that we may need or elect to raise additional funds to fund our
activities beyond the next year or to acquire other businesses, products or technologies. We could raise these funds by borrowing money or selling more stock to the public or to selected investors. In addition, while we may not need additional
funds, we may elect to sell additional equity securities or obtain credit facilities for other reasons. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain additional funds on commercially favorable terms, or at all. If we raise additional funds by
issuing more equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership percentages of existing stockholders would be reduced. In addition, the equity or debt securities that we issue may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of the
holders of our common stock. Critical Accounting Policies Our accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. As disclosed in Note 2, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States requires that management make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ significantly from those
estimates. We believe that the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management s most
difficult, subjective and complex judgments. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Recognition and Presentation . We evaluate our
customer arrangements for manufacturing services to determine whether revenue from these arrangements should be recorded on a gross basis or a net basis. When evaluating our customer arrangements, we determine whether the arrangement represents a
consigned inventory transaction or a purchase and resale of inventory. In making this determination, we consider the following: (i) we are only responsible for the functionality of our processes, (ii) we do not select the vendor to provide
the memory packages, and (iii) we do not set the price for the memory packages. We have determined that a net basis of revenue recognition is appropriate for our customer arrangements for manufacturing services where the customer has instructed
us to purchase specified memory packages from a specified vendor for purposes of stacking and shipping to the customer. Should the considerations described above change, we may determine that future customer arrangements should be recorded on a
gross basis that would result in increases in both revenue and the cost of revenue. We recognize revenue when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable, and collectibility of the
resulting receivable is reasonably assured. Initial license fees are recognized when: (1) we enter into a legally binding arrangement
with a customer for the license; (2) we deliver the products; (3) customer payment is deemed fixed or determinable and free of contingencies or significant uncertainties; and (4) collection is probable. We may provide training and/or
other assistance to our licensees under the terms of the license agreement. The amount of training or assistance provided is limited and incidental to the licensed technology. In instances where training or other assistance is provided under the
terms of a license agreement, the estimated fair value of such services is deferred until such services are provided. The associated revenue is included in services revenue. Royalty revenue from our license agreements is recognized in the quarter in which our licensees report royalties to us. Our licensees typically do not
provide us with forward estimates or current-quarter information concerning their shipments. Because we are not able to reasonably estimate the amount of royalties earned during the period in which the licensees actually ship products using our
technologies, we do not recognize royalty revenue until the royalties are reported to us and the collection of these royalties is considered probable. Impairment of Assets . We evaluate the recoverability of losses on long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and intangible assets, when events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by such assets are less than the carrying value of these assets, and accordingly, all or a portion of this carrying value may not be recoverable. Impairment losses are
then measured by comparing the fair value of the assets to the carrying amounts. Actual useful lives and cash flows could be different than those estimated by us. Goodwill and our indefinite-lived intangibles are evaluated annually for impairment and are not amortized. The goodwill impairment test requires judgment regarding the determination of fair value of the reporting
unit, which we determined to be our company as a whole, and the determination of fair value of our assets and liabilities. We periodically assess our goodwill for indications of impairment on a reporting unit level. A reporting unit is defined as a
component of an entity for which the operating results are regularly reviewed by management and discrete financial information is available. The trademark impairment test requires judgment regarding the timing and amount of future cash flows.
 Income Taxes . We determine deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the difference between
the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred
tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized. Deferred Stock-Based Compensation . We
account for our employee stock-based compensation using the intrinsic value method. The intrinsic value method specifies that compensation exists if the fair value of the common stock exceeds the exercise price of the stock option at the date of
grant. Prior to the successful completion of our initial public offering during the first quarter of 2004, a ready market did not exist for our 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

common stock. As a result, we estimated fair value for our common stock using traditional valuation methodologies, such as multiples of earnings or cash
flows. Recent Accounting Pronouncements The FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (Revised 2004), Share-Based Payment (SFAS 123(R)) in December 2004. Under this standard, all forms of share-based payments to employees,
including stock options, will be treated as compensation and recognized in the income statement. Pro forma disclosure will no longer be acceptable. SFAS 123(R) became effective for us on January 1, 2006. We will continue to use the
Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of our stock-based awards. We will utilize the modified prospective method, which requires compensation expense to be recorded upon adoption of SFAS 123(R) for new awards, modified
awards and the unvested portion of previously issued awards for which the requisite vesting has not yet occurred. Prior period restatement and cumulative adjustments are not required. We believe the adoption of SFAS 123(R) will have a significant negative impact on our results of operations, but will not significantly impact our
financial position or cash flows. We estimate the pre-tax, stock-based compensation charge for the first quarter of 2006 related to the adoption of SFAS No. 123(R) will total approximately 1.5 million. Due to the volatility of the price of our
common stock and the uncertainty of future option grants to employees, we are unable to estimate this expense for periods subsequent to the first quarter of 2006. Subsequent Events In February 2006, we announced that our Board of Directors renewed our stock repurchase program. Under
this program, we can spend up to 10.0 million to purchase shares of our common stock through open market transactions or privately negotiated transactions. The exact timing and amount of repurchases will depend on market conditions.
 In addition, in February 2006, we announced the retirement of our Chief Technical Officer, James W. Cady, effective April 1, 2006.
Mr. Cady will remain a director on our Board of Directors and will act as a consultant to us. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Foreign Currency Exchange Risk. Nearly all of our transactions are denominated in U.S. dollars. The functional currency of our subsidiaries in Mexico is the U.S. dollar. As a result, we have very little
exposure to currency exchange risks and foreign exchange losses have been minimal to date. We do not currently enter into forward exchange contracts to hedge exposure denominated in foreign currencies or any other derivative financial instruments
for trading or speculative purposes. In the future, if we believe that our currency exposure has increased, we may consider entering into hedging transactions to help mitigate that risk. Interest Rate Risk. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while maximizing the
related income without significantly increasing risk. Even so, some of the securities in which we invest may be subject to market risk. This means that a change in prevailing interest rates may cause the principal amount of the investment to
fluctuate. To minimize this risk in the future, we intend to maintain our portfolio of cash equivalents and short-term investments in a variety of securities, including commercial paper, money market funds, government and non-government debt
securities and certificates of deposit. The risk associated with fluctuating interest rates is limited to our investment portfolio and we do not believe that a 10 change in interest rates will have a significant impact on our interest income. As of
December 31, 2005, all of our cash was held in deposit or money market accounts, or invested in investment grade securities. At December 31, 2005 and 2004, we had amounts on deposit with financial institutions that were in excess of the
federally insured limit of 100,000. We have not experienced any losses on deposits of cash and cash equivalents. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Under our credit agreement with Guaranty Bank, borrowings would expose us to risks resulting from
fluctuations in the LIBOR rate on which our variable interest charge is based. The potential amount of exposure resulting from a 10 fluctuation in the LIBOR rate would be dependent upon our outstanding borrowings. As of December 31, 2005, we
had not borrowed under this credit agreement. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Set
forth below are our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2005, the year ended December 31, 2004, the period from inception to December 31, 2003, and the period from January 1, 2003 to
August 20, 2003. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 46 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 47 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 48 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 49 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 51 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 53 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Staktek Holdings, Inc.
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Staktek Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2005 and
2004, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years ended December 31, 2005 and for the period from May 9, 2003 (inception) to December 31, 2003; and the
accompanying consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows of Staktek Corporation (Predecessor Company) for the period from January 1, 2003 to August 20, 2003. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. We were not engaged to perform an audit of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An
audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Staktek Holdings, Inc. at December 31, 2005 and 2004, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years
ended December 31, 2005 and for the period from May 9, 2003 (inception) to December 31, 2003; and the consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows of Staktek Corporation (Predecessor Company) for
the period from January 1, 2003 to August 20, 2003, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Austin, Texas 
 February 15, 2006 
 46 

Table of Contents 

STAKTEK HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 2005 

December 31, 2004 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

38,011 

39,984 

Investments 

35,696 

37,434 

Accounts receivable 

5,062 

4,493 

Inventories 

706 

833 

Other current assets 

4,008 

3,231 

Total current assets 

83,483 

85,975 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

9,443 

10,162 

Goodwill 

28,081 

28,466 

Other intangibles, net 

17,041 

30,447 

Other assets 

301 

421 

Total assets 

138,349 

155,471 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

403 

714 

Accrued liabilities 

3,282 

2,568 

Deferred revenue 

283 

629 

Current maturities of capitalized lease obligations 

53 

Total current liabilities 

3,968 

3,964 

Other accrued liabilities 

246 

190 

Deferred tax liabilities 

2,851 

9,510 

Redeemable preferred stock; 0.001 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock; 0.001 par value; 100,000,000 shares and 200,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively;
51,809,007 shares and 51,102,215 shares issued at December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004, respectively 

51 

49 

Additional paid-in capital 

156,252 

155,810 

Treasury stock, at cost; 3,413,020 shares and 473,000 shares at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively 

(12,572) 

(1,982) 
 
 Deferred stock-based compensation 

(6,332) 

(13,462) 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(32) 

(2) 
 
 Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) 

(6,083) 

1,394 

Total stockholders equity 

131,284 

141,807 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

138,349 

155,471 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

STAKTEK HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share data) 

Staktek Holdings, Inc. 

Predecessor Company 

Year Ended December 31, 

Period from Inception to Dec. 31, 2003 

Period from Jan. 1, 2003 to Aug. 20, 2003 

2005 

2004 

Revenue: 

Services 

33,641 

41,047 

21,020 

31,509 

License 

18,885 

32,579 

6,202 

12,624 

Total revenue 

52,526 

73,626 

27,222 

44,133 

Cost of revenue: 

Services 

27,274 

26,104 

9,763 

19,813 

Amortization of acquisition intangibles 

12,938 

15,785 

4,584 

Amortization of deferred stock-based compensation and stock compensation expense 

543 

601 

1,935 

20 

Total cost of revenue 

40,755 

42,490 

16,282 

19,833 

Gross profit 

11,771 

31,136 

10,940 

24,300 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative (1) 

10,071 

8,431 

3,397 

3,085 

Research and development (1) 

5,344 

2,563 

854 

1,560 

Business restructuring and acquisition 

982 

2,452 

3,376 

In-process research and development 

700 

Amortization of acquisition intangibles 

1,013 

1,855 

1,058 

Amortization of deferred stock-based compensation and stock compensation expense 

6,638 

4,376 

3,734 

22 

Total operating expenses 

24,048 

17,225 

12,195 

8,043 

Income (loss) from operations 

(12,277) 

13,911 

(1,255) 

16,257 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

1,816 

401 

29 

102 

Interest expense 

(7) 

(1,210) 

(3,107) 

(12) 
 
 Other, net 

(83) 

(28) 

(285) 

(10) 

Total other income (expense), net 

1,726 

(837) 

(3,363) 

80 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(10,551) 

13,074 

(4,618) 

16,337 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

(3,074) 

5,268 

656 

6,861 

Net income (loss) 

(7,477) 

7,806 

(5,274) 

9,476 

Preferred stock dividends 

(266) 

(872) 

Income (loss) available to common stockholders 

(7,477) 

7,540 

(6,146) 

9,476 

Earnings (loss) per share: 

Basic 

(0.15) 

0.16 

(0.17) 

5.16 

Diluted 

(0.15) 

0.15 

(0.17) 

4.86 

Shares used in computing earnings (loss) per share: 

Basic 

48,579 

47,234 

36,647 

1,836 

Diluted 

48,579 

50,996 

36,647 

1,949 

__________ 

(1) Excludes the amortization of deferred stock-based compensation and stock compensation expense as
follows: 

Selling, general and administrative 

6,231 

4,313 

3,718 

22 

Research and development 

407 

63 

16 

6,638 

4,376 

3,734 

22 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

STAKTEK HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (in thousands, except share amounts) 

Predecessor Company 

Common Stock 
 
 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 
 Treasury Stock 
 
 Deferred Stock-Based Compensation 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 
 Retained Earnings (Deficit) 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 
 Amount 

Balances at December 31, 2002 
 
 1,824,776 

18 

4,374 

(2) 

40,029 

44,419 

Exercise of stock options 
 
 12,645 

128 

128 

Effect of variable stock option grants 

41 

1 

42 

Tax benefit from disqualifying disposition of incentive stock option shares 

2,078 

2,078 

Net income 

9,476 

9,476 

Balances at August 20, 2003 
 
 1,837,421 

18 

6,621 

(1) 

49,505 

56,143 

Staktek Holdings, Inc. 

Common Stock 
 
 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 
 Treasury Stock 
 
 Deferred Stock-Based Compensation 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 
 Retained Earnings (Deficit) 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 
 Amount 

Issuance of common stock at May 9, 2003 (inception) 
 
 36,549,999 

37 

463 

500 

Issuance of stock options 

24,345 

(24,345) 

Exercise of stock options 
 
 435,880 

292 

292 

Exercise of stock options (shares subject to repurchase) 
 
 3,391,517 

Issuance of warrant to purchase common stock 

225 

225 

Amortization of deferred stock-based compensation 

5,444 

5,444 

Dividends on preferred stock 

(872) 

(872) 
 
 Net loss 

(5,274) 

(5,274) 

Balances at December 31, 2003 
 
 40,377,396 

37 

25,325 

(18,901) 

(6,146) 

315 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 STAKTEK HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (CONTINUED) (in thousands, except share
amounts) 

Staktek Holdings, Inc. 

Common Stock 
 
 Additional Paid-In Capital 

Treasury Stock 

Deferred Stock-Based Compensation 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Retained Earnings (Deficit) 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Shares 

Amount 

Balances at December 31, 2003 
 
 40,377,396 

37 

25,325 

(18,901) 

(6,146) 

315 

Issuance of common shares 
 
 11,190,000 

11 

135,276 

135,287 

Costs of initial public offering 

(1,942) 

(1,942) 
 
 Dividends on preferred stock 

(266) 

(266) 
 
 Write-off of deferred stock-based compensation due to the repurchase of unvested excercisable stock options 

(463) 

463 

Share repurchases 

(4,408) 

(4,408) 
 
 Exercise of stock options 
 
 181,793 

2 

2 

Vesting of previously exercised unvested stock options 

1 

38 

39 

Amortization of deferred stock- based compensation 

4,976 

4,976 

Retirement of treasury stock 
 
 (646,974) 

(2,426) 

2,426 

Net income 

7,806 

7,806 

Unrealized loss on investment securities 

(2) 

(2) 

Total comprehensive income 

7,804 

Balances at December 31, 2004 
 
 51,102,215 

49 

155,810 

(1,982) 

(13,462) 

(2) 

1,394 

141,807 

ESPP purchases 
 
 20,240 

86 

86 

Share repurchases 

(10,590) 

(10,590) 
 
 Exercise of stock options 
 
 686,552 

1 

227 

228 

Vesting of previously exercised unvested stock options 

1 

78 

79 

Amortization of deferred stock- based compensation 

7,181 

7,181 

Addition to deferred stock-based compensation, net 

51 

(51) 

Net loss 

(7,477) 

(7,477) 
 
 Unrealized loss on investment securities, net of tax 

(30) 

(30) 

Total comprehensive loss 

(7,507) 

Balances at December 31, 2005 
 
 51,809,007 

51 

156,252 

(12,572) 

(6,332) 

(32) 

(6,083) 

131,284 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

STAKTEK HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) 

Predecessor Company 

Staktek Holdings, Inc. 

Year Ended December 31, 

Period from Inception to Dec. 31, 2003 

Period from Jan. 1, 2003 to Aug. 20, 2003 

2005 

2004 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

(7,477) 

7,806 

(5,274) 

9,476 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

5,127 

4,620 

1,439 

2,287 

Amortization of intangibles and write-off of purchased in-process research and development 

14,099 

17,713 

6,342 

53 

Amortization of deferred stock-based compensation and stock compensation expense 

7,181 

4,977 

5,669 

42 

Deferred income taxes 

(6,651) 

(6,779) 

(1,196) 

(583) 
 
 Other 

111 

18 

234 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: 

Accounts receivable 

(569) 

9,508 

1,218 

(3,842) 
 
 Inventories 

127 

(338) 

29 

639 

Other current assets 

(60) 

1,156 

338 

(44) 
 
 Income tax receivable/payable 

(221) 

822 

(181) 

(884) 
 
 Accounts payable 

(311) 

(5,494) 

2,222 

(5,022) 
 
 Accrued liabilities 

944 

(3,528) 

(437) 

1,014 

Deferred revenue 

(346) 

629 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

11,954 

31,110 

10,403 

3,136 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 STAKTEK HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) (in thousands) 

Staktek Holdings, Inc. 

Predecessor Company 

Year Ended December 31, 

Period from Inception to Dec. 31, 2003 

Period from Jan. 1, 2003 to Aug. 20, 2003 

2005 

2004 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of investments 

(93,482) 

(45,564) 

Sales of investments 

95,062 

8,125 

Additions to property, plant and equipment 

(4,446) 

(4,802) 

(1,302) 

(5,269) 
 
 Proceeds from sale of equipment 

55 

Acquisition of Staktek Corporation, net of cash acquired 

(85,788) 

Purchase of assets from DPAC 

(734) 

Patent application costs 

(693) 

(437) 

(30) 

(113) 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(3,504) 

(43,412) 

(87,120) 

(5,382) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from senior term loans 

30,000 

Proceeds from senior revolving credit notes 

10,000 

Proceeds from short-term loan 

5,000 

Proceeds from subordinated loan from related party 

34,500 

Proceeds from issuance of redeemable preferred stock 

29,500 

Net proceeds from the issuance of common stock 

345 

133,781 

792 

128 

Repayment of notes payable and long-term debt 

(43,125) 

(1,875) 

Repayment of subordinated loan from related party 

(34,500) 

Redemption of redeemable preferred stock 

(30,638) 

Share repurchases 

(10,668) 

(4,284) 

Repurchase of exercised unvested shares 

(47) 

Payments on capitalized lease obligations 

(53) 

(113) 

(35) 

(81) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(10,423) 

21,121 

107,882 

47 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

(1,973) 

8,819 

31,165 

(2,199) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

39,984 

31,165 

31,449 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

38,011 

39,984 

31,165 

29,250 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flows information: 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

1 

3,739 

333 

11 

Cash paid during the period for income taxes, net of refunds 

3,798 

11,226 

1,007 

6,243 

Noncash operating and investing activities: 

Changes in goodwill 

385 

1,260 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

STAKTEK HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. Description of Business Staktek Holdings, Inc. we and our was originally formed by two investment funds affiliated with Austin Ventures in May 2003 for the purpose of acquiring Staktek Corporation (the Predecessor Company ), which was incorporated in Texas in
June 1990. As a result of this merger, Staktek Corporation became our wholly owned subsidiary. We did not have any operations prior to August 21, 2003, other than in connection with the Staktek acquisition. We provide manufacturing services to deliver memory solutions and also offer licenses of our technologies to our customers to enable them to manufacture
memory products. In addition, we offer a broad range of services to support our customers needs, including design of custom memory assemblies, electrical modeling assistance and component inventory management. We have production facilities in
Austin, Texas and Reynosa, Mexico. 2. Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
 Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation The accompanying consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the period from January 1, 2003 to August 20, 2003 represent the results of operations, changes in
stockholders equity and cash flows of the Predecessor Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. The accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2004 and December 31, 2005, and the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the period from inception to December 31, 2003, the year ended December 31, 2004, and the year ended December 31, 2005 represent the financial position, results of
operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Our consolidated
financial statements and those of the Predecessor Company include the accounts of Staktek Holdings, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries and the accounts of the Predecessor Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, respectively. All significant
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as disclosure of assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Reclassifications Certain reclassifications
have been made to the prior years consolidated financial statements to conform to the current year presentation. Cash and Cash Equivalents
 We consider all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
At December 31, 2005 and 2004, our cash equivalents included funds in demand deposit accounts, money market accounts, municipal bonds and commercial paper. 

 53 

Table of Contents 

 Investments Marketable short-term investments are classified as available-for-sale. Short-term investments consist primarily of U.S. government debt securities, municipal government securities and commercial paper instruments. We
classify auction rate securities and securities with hard put features and maturities in excess of one year as short-term investments. Investments with original maturities in excess of one year may be classified as short term due to their highly liquid nature and to the fact we do not hold investments with the intent of long-term investment, but rather with the short-term
objective of maximizing interest earnings on surplus cash intended for operations. All of these investments are carried at fair value with
unrealized gains and losses, if any, included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Fair value is determined as the market value of the security at the measurement date. Interests, dividends and realized gains and losses
are included in interest and other income. Realized gains and losses are recognized based on the specific identification method. Inventory Held for
Others Inventory held for others consists of memory products purchased from a customer or a vendor specified by the customer that
will be stacked by us and sold to the customer at a price equal to the price paid by us plus a fee for the stacking process. We record revenue related to the sale of memory packages net of the price paid by us for the purchased memory net
basis ). We record memory packages purchased as Inventory Held for Others rather than Inventory because the costs of these packages are not recorded to Cost of Services Revenue. Inventory Held for Others increases when we purchase memory
products to be stacked and decreases when these products have been stacked and shipped to our customers. We report Inventory Held for Others in Other Current Assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Inventories Inventories consist of materials
purchased and labor and overhead incurred for product that has not yet been shipped. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market (estimated realizable value) using the first-in, first-out FIFO method. Property, Plant and Equipment We carry
property, plant and equipment, including leasehold improvements, at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is computed using the straight-line method over the useful lives of the assets, ranging from three
to 20 years. We amortize leasehold improvements over the shorter of the related lease term or the estimated life of the improvements. We amortize equipment under capital leases over the lease term, and this amortization is included in the
depreciation of property, plant and equipment. Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets Goodwill represents the excess purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired in the acquisition of the Predecessor Company. We periodically
assess our goodwill for indications of impairment. We have a single reporting unit at an enterprise level and allocate goodwill to this reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing. We assess whether goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets (trademarks) are impaired on an annual basis. Upon determining the existence of
goodwill and/or trademarks impairment, we measure that impairment based on the amount by which the book value of goodwill and/or trademarks exceeds its fair value. Additional impairment assessments may be performed on an interim basis if we
encounter events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that, more likely than not, the book value of goodwill and/or trademarks has been impaired. In connection with our annual assessment on October 1, 2005, we determined that no
impairment of goodwill and/or trademarks existed. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Intangible Assets Amounts allocated to acquired technology, a customer contract and customer relationships are being amortized over the respective assets estimated useful lives of five to six years using a method of amortization
that reflects the pattern in which their economic benefits are consumed based upon the initial estimated contribution to discounted cash flows during the period. Amounts allocated to non-compete agreements are being amortized over their estimated
useful lives of four years using the straight-line method. Amortization of acquired technology and a customer contract is included in Amortization of acquisition intangibles in cost of revenue in the accompanying Consolidated Statements
of Operations. Amortization of customer relationships and non-compete agreements is included in Amortization of acquisition intangibles in operating expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. We periodically
review the estimated useful lives of our identifiable intangible assets, taking into consideration any events or circumstances that might result in a diminished fair value or revised useful life. We capitalize third-party costs associated with patent registration. Capitalized patent costs are amortized over the estimated useful life of 12 years.
At the time patent registration is deemed unsuccessful, the related costs are written off. Impairment of Long-lived Assets Long-lived assets consist primarily of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. We evaluate property, plant and equipment and other intangible
assets held and used by us for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. When these factors and circumstances exist, we compare the projected undiscounted future cash flows
associated with the future use and disposal of the related asset or group of assets to their respective carrying amounts. Impairment, if any, is measured as the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value, based on market value when available,
or discounted expected cash flows, of those assets and is recorded in the period in which the determination is made. Fair Value of Financial
Instruments The fair values of our cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses
approximate their carrying values due to their short maturities. Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents,
investments and accounts receivable. We maintain our cash and cash equivalents in accounts with six major financial institutions in the
United States or in countries where our subsidiaries operate, in the form of demand deposits and money market accounts. At December 31, 2005 and 2004, we had amounts on deposit with financial institutions that were in excess of the federally
insured limit of 100,000. We have not experienced any losses on deposits of cash and cash equivalents. We believe that the concentration
of credit risk in our accounts receivable is substantially mitigated by the relatively short collection terms and the high level of credit worthiness of our customers. We record an allowance for doubtful accounts specific to the accounts receivable
balances outstanding based upon the results of our evaluation of our customers financial condition. We have not recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts for any period presented in the accompanying financial statements, since we have not
realized any significant credit losses, nor do we expect any significant credit losses relating to our customers. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables summarize sales to customers that represented 10 or more of consolidated total
revenue for the periods indicated: 

Staktek Holdings, Inc. 

Predecessor Company 

Year Ended December 31, 

Period from Inception to Dec. 31, 2003 

Period from Jan. 1, 2003 to Aug. 20, 2003 

2005 

2004 

Samsung 
 
 32 

43 

23 

29 

Micron 
 
 21 

17 

24 

29 

Hewlett-Packard 
 
 17 

Celestica 

17 

17 

SMART Modular 
 
 11 

12 

11 

10 

Amount does not exceed 10 for the indicated period. The
following table sets forth customers which receivable balances represented more than 10 of our total accounts receivable at the dates indicated: 

December 31, 

2005 

2004 

Hewlett-Packard 
 
 29 

18 

Netlist 
 
 22 

Micron 
 
 22 

45 

SMART Modular 
 
 15 

23 

Amount does not exceed 10 for the indicated period. Foreign
Currency Our foreign subsidiaries use the U.S. dollar as their functional currency. Gains or losses from foreign currency
transactions are included in our results of operations. For all periods presented, these foreign currency gains or losses were not material. Revenue
Recognition We account for our revenue under the provisions of Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 104, Revenue
Recognition. Under the provisions of SAB 104, we recognize revenue when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable, and collectibility of the resulting receivable is reasonably
assured. Our revenue is generated primarily from manufacturing services performed for customers using our packaged memory solutions and from license fees or royalties earned pursuant to license agreements with customers. Services Revenue Our manufacturing services consist
of customer arrangements whereby the manufacture of our customers stacked memory units is outsourced to us. These customer arrangements can be categorized into two basic types. In the first arrangement, our customer consigns its memory
packages to us and we stack them using our proprietary solutions. In the second arrangement, our customer prequalifies vendors for memory packages and the vendor remains the primary obligor for the functionality of the memory packages. Our customer
places a purchase order with us for stacking memory packages. After we receive the purchase order from our customer, we purchase the specified memory packages and stack them using our proprietary solutions. We report revenue for memory packages
purchased and sold on a net basis in accordance with Emerging Issues Task Force Issue No. 99-19. In customer arrangements for manufacturing services (i) we are responsible for the stacking process 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

but are not the primary obligor for the memory packages that comprise substantially all of the functionality of the stacked unit, (ii) we do not earn
profit on memory packages sold, since our customer arrangement specifies that these packages are to be sold at the same price paid by us, (iii) we do not bear credit risk related to the memory packages, since our customer must purchase the
packages at the price paid by us or the packages can be returned to their source, (iv) we do not have latitude in establishing the price for the memory packages, and (v) we do not have discretion in the selection of the supplier of the
memory packages, since the supplier is selected or specified by our customer. We have determined that a net basis of revenue recognition is appropriate for our customer arrangements for manufacturing services where the customer has instructed us to
purchase specified memory packages from a specified vendor for purposes of stacking and shipping to the customer. License Revenue In addition to our services revenue, we also earn revenue from licensing our technology. Initial license fees are recognized when: (1) we enter into
a legally binding arrangement with a customer for the license; (2) we deliver the products; (3) customer payment is deemed fixed or determinable and free of contingencies or significant uncertainties; and (4) collection is probable.
We may provide training and/or other assistance to our licensees under the terms of the license agreement. The amount of training or assistance provided is limited and incidental to the licensed technology. In instances where training or other
assistance is provided under the terms of a license agreement, the estimated fair value of such services is deferred until such services are provided. The associated revenue is included in services revenue. Currently we have license agreements with three customers that specify that certain royalties are earned by us upon each customer s shipment of
products utilizing our proprietary technologies. Our customers generally report shipment information 30 days after the end of the quarter in which the activity takes place and typically do not provide us with forward estimates or current-quarter
information concerning their shipments. Because we are not able to reasonably estimate the amount of royalties earned during the period in which the licensee actually ship products using our technologies, we do not recognize royalty revenue until
the royalties are reported to us and the collection of these royalties is considered probable. Cost of Revenue Cost of revenue includes the cost of labor, materials and overhead required to perform the manufacturing process. These costs are included in inventories
until the product is shipped and revenue is recognized. Cost of revenue also includes the amortization of acquired technology, a customer contract and certain patents and the amortization of deferred stock-based compensation and stock compensation
expense. Shipping and Handling Cost We include shipping and handling costs as part of cost of revenue as incurred. Research and Development We expense costs for research and development of our technologies as incurred. Advertising Costs We expense advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs were not
material for any periods presented. Stock-Based Compensation We account for our employee stock-based compensation using the intrinsic value method in accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees, and Related
Interpretations. We make disclosures regarding employee stock-based compensation using the fair value method 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, as
amended by SFAS No. 148, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation Transition and Disclosure an amendment of FASB Statement No. 123. We have calculated the fair value of options granted in these periods using the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model and have determined the pro forma impact on net income (loss). The Black-Scholes option valuation model
was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options, which have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition, this option valuation model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions including the expected
stock price volatility. Because our employee stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in
management s opinion, the Black-Scholes model does not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee stock options. For purposes of pro forma disclosures, the estimated fair value of the options is amortized to
expense over the options vesting period. The following table illustrates the pro forma effect on income (loss) available to common
stockholders and earnings (loss) per share if we and the Predecessor Company had applied the fair value recognition provisions of SFAS 123 to stock-based compensation (in thousands, except per share data): 

Staktek Holdings, Inc. 

Predecessor Company 

Year Ended December 31, 

Period from Inception to Dec. 31, 2003 

Period from Jan. 1, 2003 to Aug. 20, 2003 

2005 

2004 

Income (loss) available to common stockholders, as reported 

(7,477) 

7,540 

(6,146) 

9,476 

Add: Stock-based compensation cost, net of related tax effects, included in the determination of net income (loss) as reported 

6,180 

3,947 

5,311 

42 

Deduct: Total stock-based compensation cost, net of related tax effects, determined under fair-value based method for all
awards 

(7,112) 

(4,314) 

(5,349) 

(683) 

Pro forma income (loss) available to common stockholders 

(8,409) 

7,173 

(6,184) 

8,835 

Earnings (loss) per share: 

Basic as reported 

0.15) 

0.16 

0.17) 

5.16 

Basic pro forma 

0.17) 

0.15 

0.17) 

4.81 

Diluted as reported 

0.15) 

0.15 

0.17) 

4.86 

Diluted pro forma 

0.17) 

0.14 

0.17) 

4.53 
 
 The fair value for these options was estimated at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes
option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions: 

Staktek Holdings, Inc. 

Predecessor Company 

Year Ended December 31, 

Period from Inception to Dec. 31, 2003 

Period from Jan. 1, 2003 to Aug. 20, 2003 

2005 

2004 

Expected life (years) 
 
 4 

4 

0.5-4 

5 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 3.0 

3.0 

3.0 

5.0 

Dividend yield 
 
 0.0 

0.0 

0.0 

0.0 

Expected volatility 
 
 63.6 

66.2 

98.0 

98.0 

58 

Table of Contents 

 The estimated weighted average fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31,
2005 and 2004, for the period from inception to December 31, 2003, and for the period from January 1, 2003 to August 20, 2003, was 1.72, 5.73, 3.57, and 15.30, respectively. Equity instruments issued to non-employees are accounted for in accordance with SFAS 123 and Emerging Issues Task Force Issue No. 96-18,
 Accounting for Equity Instruments that are Issued to Other Than Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling, Goods or Services. Income Taxes We account for income taxes under the provisions of SFAS 109, Accounting for Income Taxes. 
Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are
expected to affect taxable income. We establish valuation allowances when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts we expect to realize. Earnings (Loss) Per Share Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing income (loss) available to common
stockholders by the weighted-average number of vested common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed under the treasury method giving effect to all potential dilutive common stock, including options, warrants
and common stock subject to repurchase. For the year ended December 31, 2005 and the period from inception to December 31, 2003, options and common stock subject to repurchase were not included in the computation of diluted loss per share
because the effect would be antidilutive. Recent Accounting Pronouncements The FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (Revised 2004), Share-Based Payment (SFAS 123(R)) in
December 2004. Under this standard, all forms of share-based payments to employees, including stock options, will be treated as compensation and recognized in the income statement. Pro forma disclosure will no longer be acceptable. SFAS 123(R)
became effective for us on January 1, 2006. We will continue to use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of our stock-based awards. We will utilize the modified prospective method, which requires compensation
expense to be recorded upon adoption of SFAS 123(R) for new awards, modified awards and the unvested portion of previously issued awards for which the requisite vesting has not yet occurred. Prior period restatement and cumulative adjustments are
not required. We believe the adoption of SFAS 123(R) will have a significant negative impact on our results of operations, but will not
significantly impact our financial position or cash flows. We estimate the pre-tax, stock-based compensation charge for the first quarter of 2006 related to the adoption of SFAS No. 123(R) will total approximately 1.5 million. Due to the
volatility of the price of our common stock and the uncertainty of future option grants to employees, we are unable to estimate this expense for periods subsequent to the first quarter of 2006. 3. Initial Public Offering On February 11,
2004, we completed our initial public offering in which we sold 10 million shares of our common stock at 13.00 per share, for an aggregate public offering price of 130.0 million. On March 5, 2004, we sold an additional 1.19 million
shares in connection with the underwriters over-allotment option, for an aggregate public offering price of approximately 15.5 million. Of the total proceeds, we applied approximately 10.2 million to underwriting discounts and commissions;
 1.9 million to related costs; 78.8 million to pay in full our senior, short-term and subordinated debt (including accrued interest and fees); and 30.6 million to redeem our outstanding preferred stock. We retained approximately 24.0 million.
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 4. Investments During 2005 and 2004, we invested in securities with original maturities greater than three months. These securities are classified as available-for-sale. The amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and
losses and fair value of these securities as of December 31, 2005 and 2004 were as follows (in thousands): 

Amortized Cost 
 
 Gross Unrealized Gains 
 
 Gross Unrealized Losses 

Estimated Fair Value 
 
 2005 

Auction rate securities 

20,045 

5 

20,050 
 
 Municipal bonds 

8,791 

(30) 

8,761 
 
 Other available for sale securities 

6,910 

(25) 

6,885 

35,746 

5 

(55) 

35,696 

2004 

Auction rate securities 

24,050 

24,050 
 
 Municipal bonds 

4,016 

(2) 

4,014 
 
 Other available for sale securities 

9,370 

9,370 

37,436 

(2) 

37,434 

Gross unrealized losses at December 31, 2005 and 2004 were the result of fluctuations in the
current market value of these securities in the marketplace. Maturities of investment securities classified as available-for-sale at
December 31, 2005 and 2004 by contractual maturity are shown below (in thousands). Expected maturities will vary from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to recall or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment
penalties. 

2005 
 
 2004 

Amortized Cost 
 
 Estimated Fair Value 
 
 Amortized Cost 
 
 Estimated Fair Value 
 
 Within 1 year 

14,212 

14,176 

4,016 

4,014 
 
 Between 1 and 5 years 

2,224 

2,211 

4,000 

4,000 
 
 Between 5 and 10 years 

2,100 

2,100 

1,250 

1,250 
 
 After 10 years 

17,210 

17,209 

28,170 

28,170 

35,746 

35,696 

37,436 

37,434 

We sold approximately 95.1 million and 8.1 million in investment securities held as
available-for-sale in the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. 5. Inventories Inventories at December 31, 2005 and 2004 consisted of the following (in thousands): 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 Raw Materials 

629 

712 
 
 Work in process 

20 

12 
 
 Finished goods 

57 

109 

706 

833 

60 

Table of Contents 

 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment at December 31, 2005 and 2004 consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Asset Class 
 
 Estimated Life (in years) 
 
 2005 

2004 

Land 

371 

371 

Buildings 
 
 20 

2,232 

1,967 

Software 
 
 3 

933 

777 

Vehicles 
 
 5 

76 

74 

Office furniture and equipment 
 
 5 

1,999 

1,829 

Lab equipment 
 
 3 

12,544 

9,104 

Tooling and fixtures 
 
 3 

1,677 

918 

Leasehold improvements and clean room 
 
 3 

476 

289 

Assets under development 

9 

808 

20,317 

16,137 

Accumulated depreciation 

(10,874) 

(5,975) 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

9,443 

10,162 

Amortization of the assets under capital lease was included in depreciation and was approximately
 53,000, 113,000, 42,000 and 75,000 for the year ended December 31, 2005, the year ended December 31, 2004, the period from inception to December 31, 2003, and the period from January 1, 2003 to August 20, 2003,
respectively. Interest expense related to assets under capital lease was included in interest expense and was approximately 1,000, 9,000, 6,000, and 11,000 for the year ended December 31, 2005, the year ended December 31, 2004, the
period from inception to December 31, 2003 and the period from January 1, 2003 to August 20, 2003, respectively. As of December 31, 2005, we did not hold any assets under capital lease. In October 2004, we moved several manufacturing assets to our facility in Reynosa, Mexico. Additionally, we decided to sell certain assets, which were
recorded as assets held for sale. The market value of these assets at the time we decided to sell them was approximately 59,000, which was equal to the net book value and therefore no impairment was recorded. During 2005 we sold the largest piece
of this equipment with a net book value of 56,000. 7. Other Intangible Assets In June 2004, we acquired from DPAC Technologies Corp. DPAC its stacking patents and patent applications as well as certain customer
information for 0.5 million and 0.2 million, respectively, which are being amortized over 12 and 2 years, respectively. The gross
carrying amounts and accumulated amortization of our other intangibles assets and patents at December 31, 2005 and 2004 consisted of the following (in thousands): 

2005 

2004 

Gross Carrying Amount 
 
 Accumulated Amortization 

Gross Carrying Amount 
 
 Accumulated Amortization 

Acquired technology and patents 

20,797 

(13,927) 

20,104 

(9,092) 
 
 Customer contract 

26,100 

(19,452) 

26,100 

(11,300) 
 
 Other intangible assets 

7,598 

(4,075) 

7,598 

(2,963) 

54,495 

(37,454) 

53,802 

(23,355) 

61 

Table of Contents 

 Amortization expense for all intangibles in the year ended December 31, 2005, the year ended
December 31, 2004 and the period from inception to December 31, 2003 was 14.1 million, 17.7 million and 5.6 million, respectively. Amortization expense for all intangibles of the Predecessor Company for January 1, 2003 to
August 20, 2003 was 0.1 million. The following table details the estimated aggregate annual amortization expense (in thousands) for
each of the five succeeding years for all of the intangibles we own that are subject to amortization: 

2006 

7,543 
 
 2007 

4,675 
 
 2008 

1,466 
 
 2009 

148 
 
 2010 

54 
 In addition, we have indefinite-lived intangible assets that have a net carrying value of 1.8
million. 8. Accrued Liabilities Accrued liabilities at December 31, 2005 and 2004 were as follows (in thousands): 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 Accrued salaries and wages 

454 

669 
 
 Accrued restructuring costs 

398 

Accrued vacation 

526 

404 
 
 Accrued bonuses 

798 

526 
 
 Accrued property tax 

332 

464 
 
 Other accrued liabilities 

774 

505 

3,282 

2,568 

9. Debt On March 10, 2005, we entered into an unsecured revolving credit agreement with Guaranty Bank under which we may borrow up to 20.0 million at any given time for a one-year term. This credit agreement is
guaranteed by Staktek Group, L.P. Other than nominal closing costs associated with implementing the agreement, there are no ongoing fees associated with this credit agreement unless we borrow. The interest rate on borrowings outstanding is based on
the London interbank offered rate LIBOR ), plus between 1.25 and 1.60 , depending upon the amount of cash or liquid investments that we have on deposit with Guaranty Bank. We are required to maintain at least 5.0 million on deposit
with Guaranty Bank during the term of this credit agreement. The credit agreement contains customary covenants that preclude us from,
among other things, making material changes to the nature and scope of our business, entering into liquidation, merger or consolidation agreements in which we would not be the surviving entity, or incurring indebtedness in excess of 10.0 million
with a third party outside the scope of this agreement. The credit agreement contains financial covenants that must be met for periods in
which we have outstanding borrowings. These financial covenants include minimum tangible net worth of at least 70.0 million at the end of each calendar month, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) of at least 3.0
million each quarter, and a ratio of senior debt to EBITDA of no more than 2.0 times. As of December 31, 2005, we were in compliance with these covenants. As of December 31, 2005, we had not borrowed under this credit agreement, nor do we
expect we will need to make any substantial borrowings under this agreement prior to the termination of the agreement in March 2006. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 10. Redeemable Preferred Stock At December 31, 2005 and 2004 we had 5.0 million authorized shares of 0.001 par value redeemable preferred stock, none of which was issued or outstanding. 11. Commitments and Contingencies At
December 31, 2004, we had advance payments on assets under development of approximately 0.8 million related to the purchase of certain capital equipment and services. At December 31, 2005 advanced payments on assets under development were
immaterial. At December 31, 2005, approximately 76 of our employees in Mexico, or approximately 56 of our total employees, were
represented by a labor organization that has entered into a labor contract with us. We have indemnification agreements with our directors
and executive officers. The agreements do not set monetary limits on our indemnity obligations. We have a director and officer insurance policy that enables us to recover a portion of any future amounts paid in respect of our indemnity obligations
to our directors and officers. At December 31, 2005 we had a minimum purchases contract with one of our vendors. The minimum purchase
terms stipulate the purchase of 2 million units within an 18-month period that began in October 2004. As of December 31, 2005, our estimated future purchases under this contract were 675,000 units totaling 121,500. We evaluated our
potential exposure for the anticipated shortfall of units purchased under this minimum purchase contract and recorded an accrual of 25,000. On October 22, 2004, a class action complaint for violations of U.S. federal securities laws was filed in the U.S. District Court in New Mexico against us and two of our executive officers (the Defendants ). The plaintiff
claims that the Defendants failed to disclose to the public an anticipated shortage of computer memory chips and that they knew or recklessly disregarded that the anticipated shortage would have a materially adverse impact on our revenue and
earnings. In addition, the plaintiff claims that the Defendants failed to disclose to investors that the industry s transition to a new generation of higher-capacity memory chips was causing computer makers to stockpile supplies of older memory
chips, increasing the shortage. The suit covers individuals who purchased our stock between November 26, 2003 and May 19, 2004. In April 2005, the case was transferred to federal district court in Austin, Texas, and in June the plaintiff amended her complaint, adding our chairman of the board as a defendant. In July 2005, we filed a motion to dismiss the
amended complaint, which motion is pending. We do not believe there is any merit to the claims asserted by the plaintiff in this complaint
and plan to vigorously defend ourselves. Due to the early stage of this lawsuit, we cannot estimate the outcome of this matter or the resulting financial impact to us, if any. From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2005, we were not
involved in any other material legal proceedings. 12. Leases We lease our Austin facility and certain production equipment under non-cancelable operating lease agreements. Total rent expense for the year ended December 31, 2005, the year ended December 31, 2004, the
period from inception to December 31, 2003 and the period from January 1, 2003 to August 20, 2003 was approximately 0.6 million, 1.1 million, 0.2 million and 1.2 million, respectively. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Future minimum payments under non-cancelable operating leases with initial terms of one year or more
consist of the following at December 31, 2005 (in thousands): 

Operating Leases 
 
 2006 

321 
 
 2007 

366 
 
 2008 

358 
 
 2009 

362 
 
 2010 

331 

Total minimum lease payments 

1,738 

13. Related-Party Transactions Relationship with Austin Ventures At December 31, 2005, Austin Ventures and its
affiliates beneficially owned approximately 75 of our outstanding common stock. Set forth below is a brief description of the existing relationships and agreements between Austin Ventures and us. Board of Directors Joseph C. Aragona, a
general partner of Austin Ventures, is chairman of our board of directors and serves as chairperson of our nominating and governance committee. Clark W. Jernigan, a principal of Austin Ventures, is one of our directors and serves as chairperson of
our compensation committee. Edward E. Olkkola, an operating partner of Austin Ventures, is one of our directors. Registration Rights
 Austin Ventures has registration rights with respect to the shares of our common stock that it holds. Repayment of Indebtedness In February 2004,
we used approximately 37.4 million of the proceeds of our initial public offering to repay all outstanding principal and accrued interest on subordinated indebtedness owed to Austin Ventures, J. Ross Cockrell (a former director) and
Mr. Jernigan, as follows (in thousands): 

Austin Ventures VII, L.P. 

18,631 
 
 Austin Ventures VIII, L.P. 

18,743 
 
 J. Ross Cockrell 

33 
 
 Clark W. Jernigan 

33 
 We incurred the subordinated indebtedness in connection with the Staktek acquisition in 2003.
 Redemption of Preferred Stock In February 2004, we used approximately 30.6 million of the proceeds of our initial public offering to redeem, in accordance with its terms, an aggregate of 171.01449 shares of redeemable preferred stock held by Austin Ventures, Ross
Cockrell and Clark Jernigan, as follows (in thousands): 

Austin Ventures VII, L.P. 

15,244 
 
 Austin Ventures VIII, L.P. 

15,336 
 
 J. Ross Cockrell 

29 
 
 Clark W. Jernigan 

29 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 We originally issued these shares of redeemable preferred stock in connection with the Staktek
acquisition in 2003. Loan Guarantee In February 2004, we used approximately 5.0 million of the proceeds of our initial public offering to repay all outstanding principal and accrued interest on short-term indebtedness owed to Comerica Bank, which was guaranteed by Austin
Ventures. We incurred the short-term indebtedness in connection with the Staktek acquisition in 2003. Austin Ventures guarantee terminated upon repayment in full of the loan. 14. Earnings Per Share A reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used in the calculation of
basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share follows (in thousands, except per share data): 

Predecessor Company 

Staktek Holdings, Inc. 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 Period from Inception to Dec. 31, 2003 

Period from Jan. 1, 2003 to Aug. 20, 2003 

2005 

2004 

Numerator: 

Income (loss) available to common shareholders 

(7,477) 

7,540 

(6,146) 

9,476 
 
 Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

49,674 

50,035 

37,511 

1,836 
 
 Less: Common shares subject to repurchase 

1,095 

2,801 

864 

Total weighted average common shares used in computing basic earnings (loss) per share 

48,579 

47,234 

36,647 

1,836 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Common shares subject to repurchase 

2,801 

Stock options 

955 

113 
 
 Stock warrants 

6 

Dilutive potential common shares 

3,762 

113 

Total weighted average common shares used in computing diluted earnings (loss) per share 

48,579 

50,996 

36,647 

1,949 

Earnings (loss) per share: 

Basic 

(0.15) 

0.16 

(0.17) 

5.16 

Diluted 

(0.15) 

0.15 

(0.17) 

4.86 

For the year ended December 31, 2005, the year ended December 31, 2004, the period from
inception to December 31, 2003, and the period from January 1, 2003 to August 20, 2003, we did not include approximately 6,168,000, 532,000, 0 and 7,000 weighted average common stock equivalents, respectively, in the diluted earnings
per share calculation because their impact would have been antidilutive. 15. Stockholders Equity Common Stock In August 2005, we reduced
authorized shares from 200,000,000 to 100,000,000. Of these authorized shares, 11,030,000 shares have been reserved for the issuance of stock options. Of these options 10,405,698 had been granted, of which 504,301 were forfeited during the year,
leaving 1,166,119 available for issuance. At December 31, 2004, 7,737,491 had been granted and 1,330,026 were available for issuance. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Of the 51,809,007 shares and 51,102,215 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of
December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively, 436,786 shares and 1,854,481 shares, respectively, were unvested and subject to rights of repurchase, at a price per share equal to the original exercise price, which repurchase rights lapse according
to a time-based vesting schedule. During 2004, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program. Under this program, we could
spend up to 15.0 million to purchase shares of our common stock through open market transactions or privately negotiated transactions. During 2005 and 2004, we purchased 2,775,819 and 920,900 shares, respectively, of our stock under this program at
a total cost of 10.7 million and 4.4 million, respectively. During November 2005, we completed this stock repurchase program. In February 2006, we announced that our Board of Directors renewed our stock repurchase program. Under this program, we
can spend up to 10.0 million to purchase shares of our common stock through open market transactions or privately negotiated transactions. In January 2004, our Board of Directors authorized a 2.15-for-1 forward stock split of our common stock. All common stock and per share information has been adjusted to reflect the stock split as if this stock split had taken place at the
inception of the Company. Employee Stock Purchase Plan During the third quarter of 2005, we adopted the Staktek Holdings, Inc. 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), which resulted in employees purchasing 20,241 shares during the year ended December 31, 2005. As
of December 31, 2005, 1.0 million shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance under this plan. Common Stock Options
 In July 2003, we adopted the 2003 Stock Option Plan (the 2003 Plan ). Any incentive stock options granted to a 10 owner
optionee (optionee who, at the time of grant, owns stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power) must be granted at an exercise price of no less than 110 of the fair value on the date of grant as determined by the Board of
Directors. Options generally vest over a four-year period (25 at the end of the first year from date of grant and 
 1 / 36 of the remaining shares per month over the next 36 months) and are exercisable for a period of ten years
from the date of grant. Certain grants are immediately exercisable and are subject to repurchase by us upon the termination of the
optionee s employment at the original exercise price until the shares have vested. At December 31, 2005 and 2004, 436,786 and 1,854,481 shares, respectively, issued and outstanding under the 2003 Plan were subject to repurchase by us.
 We recorded 24.3 million of deferred stock-based compensation during the period from inception through December 31, 2003 related to
the issuance of stock options to purchase 7,363,741 shares of our common stock at a weighted average exercise price of 0.56 per share. Prior to our initial public offering, our Board of Directors determined the fair value of options granted since
there was no public market that could be used to establish a current value. During the registration process of our initial public offering, the fair value of certain options was calculated using the midpoint of an anticipated price range of our
stock in connection with the offering. This valuation methodology resulted in a deferred stock-based compensation charge, which is included in the financial statements as a reduction of stockholders equity and is being amortized on a
straight-line basis over the relevant vesting period of each award. We recorded amortization of deferred stock-based compensation of 7.2 million, 5.0 million and 5.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2005, the year ended
December 31, 2004 and the period from inception through December 31, 2003, respectively. On May 9, 2005, our former chief
executive officer s employment agreement was amended to address a change in roles and responsibilities. The terms of the amended employment agreement provided for the immediate vesting and acceleration of his exercised, unvested shares of
common stock acquired through stock options and his unexercised stock options, by 18 months, which resulted in additional stock compensation 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

expense of approximately 2.5 million in 2005. Effective January 1, 2006, we adopted SFAS 123(R) and his unvested stock options at that date, totaling
approximately 83,000, were fair valued in accordance with the provisions of that pronouncement. During 2005, as a result of our
restructuring, we cancelled approximately 316,000 stock options held by 16 terminated employees. Additionally, in connection with our restructuring, we repurchased approximately 164,000 shares of unvested stock from certain terminated employees at a
cost of approximately 47,000 and, in accordance with their respective employee agreements, we accelerated the vesting of approximately 283,000 stock options. Deferred stock compensation of approximately 0.8 million associated with these cancelled
options and repurchased unvested stock was reversed in 2005. A summary of changes in our options to purchase common stock for the period
from inception to December 31, 2005 is as follows: 

Number of Options 

Range of Exercise Prices 
 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Granted 
 
 7,363,741 

0.01 8.37 

0.56 
 
 Exercised 
 
 (3,827,397) 
 
 0.01 1.97 

0.11 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2003 
 
 3,536,344 

0.01 8.37 

1.05 

Granted 
 
 373,750 

3.81 13.06 

10.97 
 
 Exercised 
 
 (181,793) 
 
 0.01 

0.01 
 
 Forfeited or expired 
 
 (37,517) 
 
 1.97 

1.97 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2004 
 
 3,690,784 

0.01 13.06 

2.10 

Granted 
 
 2,668,208 

2.72 5.85 

3.34 
 
 Exercised 
 
 (686,552) 
 
 0.01 5.01 

0.33 
 
 Forfeited or expired 
 
 (504,301) 
 
 0.01 13.06 

1.72 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2005 
 
 5,168,139 

0.01 13.06 

3.01 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2005 
 
 2,011,882 

2.88 

Options available for grant at December 31, 2005 
 
 1,166,119 

The following table summarizes information concerning outstanding and exercisable options at
December 31, 2005: 

Options Outstanding 
 
 Options Exercisable 
 
 Range of Exercise Prices 
 
 Number of Options 
 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life 
 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Number of Options 
 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 

(in years) 

0.01 2.79 
 
 3,090,581 
 
 8.38 
 
 1.29 
 
 1,390,582 
 
 0.72 
 
 3.14 5.85 
 
 1,525,058 
 
 9.43 
 
 3.79 
 
 220,713 
 
 4.06 
 
 8.37 13.06 
 
 552,500 
 
 8.05 
 
 10.51 
 
 400,587 
 
 9.74 

0.01 13.06 
 
 5,168,139 
 
 8.65 
 
 3.01 
 
 2,011,882 
 
 2.88 

Common Stock Warrant In October 2003, we issued a warrant to purchase 21,500 shares of common stock to a charitable foundation at 0.67 per share. The warrant is exercisable by the warrant holder at any time prior to October 24,
2010. The fair value of the warrant was estimated using the Black-Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 98.0 ; expected life of 7 years; expected dividend yield of 0.0 ; and the risk-free interest 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

rate of 3.0 . During the period ended December 31, 2003, the warrant was recorded at its fair market value of approximately 225,000 and expensed to
selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 16. Income Taxes The components of the provision (benefit) for income taxes were as follows (in thousands): 

Staktek Holdings, Inc. 

Predecessor Company 

Year Ended December 31, 

Period from Inception to Dec. 31, 2003 

Period from Jan. 1, 2003 to Aug. 20, 2003 

2005 

2004 

Current: 

Federal 

781 

6,274 

1,486 

4,466 

Foreign 

2,958 

5,302 

1,064 

2,146 

State 

(162) 

231 

31 

102 

Total current 

3,577 

11,807 

2,581 

6,714 

Deferred: 

Federal 

(6,632) 

(6,411) 

(1,887) 

159 

Foreign 

State 

(19) 

(128) 

(38) 

(12) 

Total deferred 

(6,651) 

(6,539) 

(1,925) 

147 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

(3,074) 

5,268 

656 

6,861 

Foreign taxes include withholdings on royalties from customers located in foreign countries.
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of our deferred taxes as of December 31, 2005 and 2004 are as follows (in thousands): 

2005 

2004 

Deferred tax assets: 

Current deferred tax assets 

Accrued liabilities 

254 

227 

Net current deferred tax assets 

254 

227 

Noncurrent deferred tax assets 

Unrealized loss on securities 

17 

Accrued liabilities 

136 

80 

Depreciation and amortization 

974 

74 

Deferred compensation 

1,823 

967 

Net noncurrent deferred tax assets 

2,950 

1,121 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Current deferred tax liabilities 

Prepaid expenses 

(96) 

(78) 

Total current deferred tax liabilities 

(96) 

(78) 

Noncurrent deferred tax liabilities 

Deductible patent expense 

(407) 

(165) 
 
 Acquired intangibles 

(5,394) 

(10,466) 

Total noncurrent deferred tax liabilities 

(5,801) 

(10,631) 

Net current deferred tax asset 

158 

149 

Net noncurrent deferred tax liability 

(2,851) 

(9,510) 

68 

Table of Contents 

 The deferred tax assets and liabilities, acquired and assumed, at the acquisition date of the Predecessor
Company reflected management s best estimate of the tax basis of acquired assets and assumed liabilities that would ultimately be accepted by the tax authority. During 2004, we decreased goodwill by approximately 1.3 million, primarily
related to a revision of the estimate of tax benefits associated with costs incurred in the acquisition that were deductible for tax purposes and treated as part of the purchase price allocation for financial reporting purposes. During 2005, we
decreased goodwill by approximately 385,000, primarily due to the tax benefits associated with tax deductible stock compensation costs associated with the Predecessor Company. Undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries are considered to be permanently reinvested and, accordingly, no provision for U.S. federal and/or
state income taxes has been provided. The exercise of certain of our stock options results in compensation, which is includable in the
taxable income of the exercising option holder and deductible by us for federal and state income tax purposes. This compensation results from increases in the fair market value of the our common stock subsequent to the date of grant of the exercised
stock options and, in accordance with APB No. 25, this compensation is not recognized as an expense for financial accounting purposes; however, the related tax benefits are recorded as an increase to additional paid-in capital. During the year
ended December 31, 2005, our option-related tax deductions were less than our book stock compensation, and therefore no increase to additional paid-in capital was recorded and the excess tax asset was written off as tax expense. Our provision for income taxes differs from the expected tax expense (benefit) amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate of 35 
to income (loss) before income taxes primarily as a result of the following (in thousands): 

Staktek Holdings, Inc. 

Predecessor Company 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 Period from Inception to Dec. 31, 2003 

Period from Jan. 1, 2003 to Aug. 20, 2003 

2005 

2004 

Computed at federal statutory rate 

(3,693) 

4,576 

(1,616) 

5,718 
 
 State taxes, net of federal benefit 

(8) 

100 

12 

133 
 
 Amortization of deferred stock-based compensation and stock compensation expense 

1,399 

542 

1,983 

Non-deductible and non-taxable items 

(327) 

6 

258 

992 
 
 Other 

(445) 

44 

19 

18 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

(3,074) 

5,268 

656 

6,861 

17. Employee Benefits Full-time employees become eligible for health care benefits effective the second day of service. We offer all full-time employees partially subsidized health, dental and vision coverage. In addition, on the second
day of service all full-time employees receive at our expense life insurance, accidental death coverage, worker s compensation coverage and short- and long-term disability coverage. 401(k) Plan We have, and the
Predecessor Company had, a voluntary defined contribution retirement plan 401(k) Plan qualifying under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Under the 401(k) Plan, eligible employees may defer up to 75 of their
annual compensation, subject to maximum IRS limitations. Under the provisions of the 401(k) Plan, we make, and the Predecessor Company made, contributions in amounts as determined by the Board of Directors, subject to certain limitations. Our
contributions related to the 401(k) Plan were approximately 0.5 million, 0.5 million, 0.1 million, and 0.3 million for the years ended December 31, 005 and 2004, for the period from inception to December 31, 2003, and for the period
from January 1, 2003 to August 20, 2003, respectively. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Bonus Plan We have, and the Predecessor Company had, a quarterly bonus plan under which eligible employees may receive a percentage of their base pay in additional compensation. Typically, we make these payments within 40 days
after the end of the quarter in which the compensation is earned. Total expense was approximately 1.9 million, 2.1 million, 1.0 million and 1.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004, for the period from inception to
December 31, 2003, and for the period from January 1, 2003 to August 20, 2003, respectively. 18. Restructuring During 2005, we recorded a restructuring charge of 1.0 million resulting from a workforce reduction of 76 employees. This restructuring was the result of
the transfer of manufacturing from Austin, Texas to Reynosa, Mexico and a realignment of our organizational structure to focus on our growth strategy. The restructuring charge was composed of costs associated with employee separations as follows (in
thousands): 

Restructuring accrual at December 31, 2004 

Restructuring expenses accrued 

1,048 

Payments of restructuring expenses 

(554) 
 
 Reversal of excess accrual 

(66) 

Restructuring accrual at December 31, 2005 

428 

As of December 31, 2005, approximately 30,000 of the liability was included in long-term
liabilities. 19. Geographic Information We consider our business activities to constitute a single segment. Following is a summary of our revenues by geographic region (in thousands): 

Staktek Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Predecessor Company 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 Period from Inception to Dec. 31, 2003 
 
 Period from Jan. 1, 2003 to Aug. 20, 2003 

2005 
 
 2004 

Revenue: 

North America: 

United States 

33,307 

30,472 

14,232 

22,353 
 
 Canada 

746 

5,143 

3,661 

6,805 
 
 Europe: 

Germany 

1,396 

4,838 

2,172 

1,500 
 
 Italy 

1,320 

953 

850 
 
 Other 

37 

345 

Asia: 

Korea 

16,965 

31,508 

6,204 

12,625 
 
 Japan 

75 

Total 

52,526 

73,626 

27,222 

44,133 

At December 31, 2005 and 2004, we had physical assets consisting of cash and net property,
plant and equipment located at our manufacturing facility in Reynosa, Mexico as follows (in thousands): 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 Cash 

69 

343 
 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 

6,025 

4,685 

Total 

6,094 

5,028 

Our manufacturing operations are concentrated in a facility located in Reynosa, Mexico. As a
result of this geographic concentration, a disruption in the manufacturing process resulting from a natural disaster or other unforeseen event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES The Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC defines the term disclosure controls and procedures to mean a company s controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports
that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have
concluded, based upon the evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures by our management, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective for this
purpose. It should be noted that in designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognized that any
controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not
absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met due to numerous factors, ranging from errors to conscious acts of an individual, or individuals acting together. In addition, the design of a control system must reflect the fact
that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error and/or fraud may occur and not be detected.
 Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2005 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect
our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION None. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT The information set forth in the Proxy Statement to be delivered to stockholders in connection with our Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 20, 2006 under the headings Board Structure and Compensation, 
 Proposal 1: Election of Directors, Executive Officers, and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information set forth
in the Proxy Statement under the headings Board Structure and Compensation Director Compensation Arrangements and Executive Compensation and Other Information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information set forth in the Proxy Statement under the headings Proposal 2: Approval of 2006 Staktek Equity-Based Compensation Plan and
 Stock Ownership is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS The
information set forth in the Proxy Statement under the heading Certain Relationships and Related Transactions is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The
information set forth in the Proxy Statement under the heading Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm is incorporated herein by reference. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

1. 
 Financial Statements: See Index to Financial Statements under Item 8. 

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules: All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or are not required or the information required to be set forth therein is included in the
consolidated financial statement or notes thereto. 

3. 
 Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-K. INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File Number 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-50553 
 
 3.1.1 
 
 11/7/05 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-50553 
 
 3.2.1 
 
 11/7/05 

4.1 
 
 Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 for provisions defining the rights of equity holders 

4.2 
 
 Specimen certificate for shares of common stock of Staktek Holdings, Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-110806 
 
 4.2 
 
 1/20/04 

10.1 
 
 Staktek Holdings, Inc. 2003 Stock Option Plan, as amended to date 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-50553 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/7/05 

10.2 
 
 Staktek Holdings 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-125853 
 
 99 
 
 6/16/05 

10.3 
 
 Letter Agreements, dated August 19, 2003, among Staktek Holdings, Inc. and Austin Ventures, regarding management rights 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-110806 
 
 10.3 
 
 11/26/03 

10.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 24, 2003, among Staktek Holdings, Inc. and Austin Ventures 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-110806 
 
 10.5 
 
 11/26/03 

10.5 
 
 Agreement, dated July 18, 2005, among Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd and Staktek Group, L.P. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-50553 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/7/05 

10.6 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated December 1, 2003, among Staktek Group L.P. and 8900 Shoal Creek 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-110806 
 
 10.7 
 
 11/26/03 

10.7 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated August 20, 2003, among Staktek Corporation and James W. Cady 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-110806 
 
 10.8.1 
 
 11/26/03 

10.8 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to James W. Cady s Executive Employment Agreement, dated May 9, 2005 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50553 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/11/05 

10.9 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated August 20, 2003, among Staktek Corporation and Albert V. Saucedo 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-110806 
 
 10.8.6 
 
 11/26/03 

73 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File Number 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Filed Herewith 

10.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated October 20, 2005, among Staktek Holdings, Inc. and Wayne R. Lieberman 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50553 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/26/05 

10.11 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated October 20, 2005, among Staktek Holdings, Inc. and W. Kirk Patterson 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50553 
 
 10.2 
 
 10/26/05 

10.12 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated October 20, 2005, among Staktek Holdings, Inc. and Stephanie A. Lucie 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-50553 
 
 10.3 
 
 10/26/05 

10.13 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Staktek Holdings, Inc. s directors and officers 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-110806 
 
 10.9 
 
 11/26/03 

10.14 
 
 Staktek Holdings, Inc. Medical Retiree Plan 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-50553 
 
 10.9 
 
 3/9/05 

10.15 
 
 Staktek Amended and Restated 2005 Bonus Incentive Plan 

X 

10.16 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated March 10, 2005, between Guaranty Bank and Staktek Holdings, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-50553 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/11/05 

10.17 
 
 Revolving Promissory Note in connection with the Loan Agreement dated March 10, 2005 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-50553 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/11/05 

10.18 
 
 Guaranty Agreement, dated March 10, 2005, between Staktek Group, L.P. and Guarantee Bank 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-50553 
 
 10.3 
 
 5/11/05 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-50553 
 
 14.1 
 
 3/9/05 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-110806 
 
 21.1 
 
 11/26/03 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (See signature page of this Form 10-K) 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

X 

32.2 
 
 Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

X 

- 
 Constitutes management contract or compensatory arrangement 

- 
 Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this exhibit. These portions have been omitted from this report and have been filed separately with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

STAKTEK HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ W AYNE R.
L IEBERMAN 

Wayne R. Lieberman President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date: March 8, 2006 

By: 
 
 /s/ W. K IRK P ATTERSON 

W. Kirk Patterson Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date: March 8, 2006 
 
 KNOW BY THESE PRESENT, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and
appoints each of Wayne R. Lieberman and W. Kirk Patterson, his attorney-in-fact, with the power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto
and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of the attorney-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following
persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ W AYNE R.
L IEBERMAN Wayne R. Lieberman 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer) 
 
 March 8, 2006 

/s/ W. K IRK 
P ATTERSON W. Kirk Patterson 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal accounting and financial officer) 
 
 March 8, 2006 

/s/ J OSEPH C.
A RAGONA Joseph C. Aragona 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 8, 2006 

/s/ J AMES W.
C ADY James W. Cady 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2006 

/s/ H ARVEY B.
C ASH Harvey B. Cash 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2006 

/s/ K EVIN P.
H EGARTY Kevin P. Hegarty 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2006 

/s/ C LARK W.
J ERNIGAN Clark W. Jernigan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2006 

/s/ E DWARD E.
O LKKOLA Edward E. Olkkola 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2006 

/s/ A. T RAVIS 
W HITE A. Travis White 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2006 
 
 75 

<EX-10.15>
 2
 dex1015.htm
 AMENDED 2005 BONUS PLAN

AMENDED 2005 BONUS PLAN 

Exhibit 10.15 STAKTEK AMENDED AND RESTATED 2005 BONUS INCENTIVE PLAN Scope Staktek established the Bonus Incentive Plan for 2005 (the Bonus Plan ), a quarterly profit-sharing program, to reward employees for their contributions to the
Company. Profit sharing is based on two factors: (1) Company profitability and (2) attaining established goals. Eligibility
 All employees employed at the Company s Austin facility scheduled to work more than 30 hours per week are eligible to participate in the Bonus
Plan. Certain employees employed at the Company s Reynosa, Mexico facility designated by the Chief Executive Officer are eligible to participate in the Bonus Plan. Profit sharing is calculated for all eligible employees as of the last day of
the quarter. No payment will be made to employees who have been terminated for cause or who have submitted their resignation prior to the payment date of any bonus payment. Temporary workers are not eligible to participate. Funding The Company will create a bonus pool when quarterly
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA is positive. The amount allocated to the bonus pool will be limited to 5 of EBITDA as calculated for the quarter, and will exclude the expense recorded for the
Bonus Program. For the third and fourth quarters of 2005 only, an additional amount will be added to the bonus pool. This additional amount will be 35 of adjusted operating income. Adjusted operating income is defined as pro forma
operating income (as reported by the Company), excluding the expense recorded for the Bonus Plan. Payments Bonuses will be paid within 40 days of the end of the quarter in which they are earned. For eligible employees employed for the full quarter for which payment will be
made, payments will be based on each employee s annualized base salary, divided by four. The base salary will be calculated based on the base salary in effect on the last day of the applicable quarter. For employees hired during a quarter, payment will be prorated based on the period of time they are employed during the applicable quarter. For employees who take an approved leave of absence during a quarter (medical, disability, or other personal leave, except for leaving qualifying under the Family
Medical Leave Act) in excess of 15 working days per quarter (whether cumulative or intermittent, and whether full days or partial days, exceeding 120 hours in the aggregate), payment will be prorated based on the actual period of time they work
during the applicable quarter. 

Method of Calculation : Bonus payments will be calculated as a percentage of an employee s base salary according to formulas based upon the employee s category and performance in
achieving objective performance goals, as set forth below: 

Category 
 
 Base Bonus 
 
 Goals 
 
 Weighting 

Multiplier 

Factor 
 
 CEO 
 
 1.20 
 
 EBITDA 
 
 100 
 
 CTO (former CEO) 
 
 1.20 
 
 EBITDA 
 
 100 
 
 CFO 
 
 0.70 
 
 Org. Specific EBITDA 
 
 100 
 
 General Counsel 
 
 0.65 
 
 Org. Specific EBITDA 
 
 100 
 
 VP, Sales (1) 
 
 0.65 
 
 Org. Specific EBITDA 
 
 50 / 50 
 
 GM, Enterprise Business 
 
 0.65 
 
 Org. Specific EBITDA 
 
 50 / 50 
 
 VP, Operations 
 
 0.65 
 
 Org. Specific EBITDA 
 
 50 / 50 
 
 VP, Sales (2) 
 
 0.60 
 
 Org. Specific EBITDA 
 
 50 / 50 
 
 Distinguished Member (CTO Office) 
 
 0.60 
 
 Org. Specific EBITDA 
 
 50 / 50 
 
 Senior Director 
 
 0.45 
 
 Org. Specific EBITDA 
 
 50 / 50 
 
 Director 
 
 0.35 
 
 Org. Specific EBITDA 
 
 80 / 20 
 
 Senior Member (CTO Office) 
 
 0.35 
 
 Org. Specific EBITDA 
 
 80 / 20 
 
 Other Employees 
 
 0.18 
 
 Org. Specific EBITDA 
 
 100 
 Goal achievement can vary from 0 to 100 . EBITDA achievement is calculated as actual EBITDA performance for the
quarter divided by the EBITDA target for that quarter as established by the Board of Directors. Deductions from
Payments : Mandatory deductions, such as child support and garnishments, will be deducted from bonus payments. Federal tax will be withheld at the IRS
statutory rate then in effect, which may be different than the rate on regular earnings. Goals In most cases, employees will have multiple goals. In this case, the base bonus multiplier will be multiplied by the sum of the weighted scores for each goal in this
category. Goals are not valid until reviewed and approved by the departmental Vice President and the Chief Executive Officer. The goal scoring methodology
is a required part of the goal setting process and must be documented and approved in order for a goal to be valid. Once established, the goal scoring method cannot be changed without written authorization of the Chief Executive Officer. 
 Other If the bonus pool is insufficiently funded to pay
all of the eligible bonuses, payments will be made on a pro-rata basis. There will be no carry-forward from quarter to quarter, and any funds not earned and/or paid in a quarter will be returned to the Company. EBITDA goals will be determined in
accordance with the annual financial plan review undertaken by the Board of Directors and management. All decisions regarding the Bonus Plan will be made
by the Chief Executive Officer and will be final and binding on all participants. Neither the Bonus Plan nor any individual bonus payment will confer upon any employee any right with respect to his/her continuing employment relationship with the
Company, nor shall it interfere in any way with any employee s right or the Company s right to terminate employment at any time, with or without cause. 

(1) 
 Direct report to the President 

(2) 
 Direct report to the VP of Sales 

The Board of Directors may amend, suspend or terminate the Bonus Plan at any time, provided that no amendment or
termination may materially and adversely impair an employee s rights with respect to the Bonus Plan then in effect for the quarter in which changes are made. No employee shall have any right to assign or otherwise transfer his or her rights, if any, under the Bonus Plan. Any purported assignment or transfer by an employee of his or her rights under the Bonus Plan shall be null and void and of no
force or effect. 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 dex231.htm
 CONSENT OF ACCOUNTANT

CONSENT OF ACCOUNTANT 

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
following Registration Statements: 

1. 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8) 333-127435 pertaining to the Staktek Holdings, Inc. 2003 Stock Option Plan and 

2. 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8) 333-125853 pertaining to the Staktek Holdings, Inc. 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan; of our report dated February 15, 2006, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Staktek Holdings, Inc. included in the Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the
year ended December 31, 2005. /s/ Ernst Young LLP Austin, Texas March 3, 2006 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 dex311.htm
 SECTION 302 CERT. - CEO

SECTION 302 CERT. - CEO 

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Wayne R. Lieberman, certify that: 1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Staktek Holdings, Inc; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and we have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(c) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fourth quarter that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of
Directors: 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 8, 2006 

Signature: 
 
 /s/ Wayne R. Lieberman 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 dex312.htm
 SECTION 302 CERT. - CFO

SECTION 302 CERT. - CFO 

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, W. Kirk Patterson, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Staktek Holdings, Inc;
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and we have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(c) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fourth quarter that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of
Directors: 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 8, 2006 

Signature: 
 
 /s/ W. Kirk Patterson 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 dex321.htm
 SECTION 906 CERT. - CEO

SECTION 906 CERT. - CEO 

Exhibit 32.1 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the annual report of Staktek Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2005, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Wayne R. Lieberman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of
the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Date: March 8, 2006 

/s/ Wayne R. Lieberman 
 
 Wayne R. Lieberman 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating,
acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 dex322.htm
 SECTION 906 CERT. - CFO

SECTION 906 CERT. - CFO 

Exhibit 32.2 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the annual report of Staktek Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2005, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, W. Kirk Patterson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to Title 18, Chapter 63,
Section 1350 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Date: March 8, 2006 

/s/ W. Kirk Patterson 
 
 W. Kirk Patterson 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating,
acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

