<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20060308_10-K_edgar_data_1283843_0000950129-06-002356.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1384650</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>410710</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>11268</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>740118</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950129-06-002356.hdr.sgml : 20060308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060307215755
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950129-06-002356
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20060101
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WPT ENTERPRISES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001283843
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MOTION PICTURE & VIDEO TAPE PRODUCTION [7812]
		IRS NUMBER:				611407231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50848
		FILM NUMBER:		06671549

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1041 N. FORMOSA AVE.
		CITY:			WEST HOLLYWOOD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90046

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 DiQ5LTg/sYUeg9dUhSvG0jr8y3OhRNluLzIVy04bcx3ONUw3YI43KNw1NBwQSEob
 B6CFvLlvmiUZx2XZW4U5DA==

 0000950129-06-002356.txt : 20060308

10-K
 1
 v18125e10vk.htm
 WPT ENTERPRISES, INC. - 1/01/2006

e10vk 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND
 EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C.
 20549 

Form 10-K 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED
 JANUARY 1, 2006 

OR 

o 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD
 FROM 
 TO 

COMMISSION FILE
 NO. 0-24993 

WPT Enterprises, Inc. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as
 Specified in Its Charter) 

Delaware 

7812 

77-0639000 

(State or Other Jurisdiction
 of 

(Primary Standard
 Industrial 

(I.R.S. Employer 

Incorporation or
 Organization) 

Classification Code
 Number) 

Identification Number)

5700 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 350 

Los Angeles, California 90036 

Telephone:
 (323) 330-9900 

Facsimile:
 (323) 330-9902 

(Address, Including Zip Code,
 and Telephone Number, 

Including Area Code, of
 Registrant s Principal Executive Offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
 Exchange Act: 

None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
 Exchange Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Name of Each Exchange on Which
 Registered 

Common Stock, 0.001 par value

NASDAQ National Market

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-seasoned
 issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
 Act. Yes o No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
 reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
 Act. Yes o No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
 all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
 12 months (or for such shorter period that the issuer was
 required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
 such filing requirements for the past
 90 days. Yes No o

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
 pursuant to Item 405 of
 Regulation S-K 
 is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
 of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or
 information statements incorporated by reference in
 Part III of this
 Form 10-K 
 or any amendment to this
 Form 10-KSB. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
 accelerated filer, accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated
 filer. See definition of accelerated filer and large
 accelerated filer in
 Rule 12b-2 
 of the Exchange Act (check one):

Large accelerated
 filer o Accelerated
 filer Non-accelerated
 filer o

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
 (as defined by
 Rule 12b-2 
 of the
 Act). Yes o No 

The aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant
 held by non-affiliates, based on the closing sale price on
 July 1, 2005, the last business day of the
 registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter,
 was 112,459,500. For purposes of this computation, affiliates
 of the Registrant are deemed only to be the Registrant s
 executive officers and directors and its parent company, Lakes
 Poker Tour, LLC.

As of March 2, 2006, there were 20,198,333 shares of
 the registrant s common stock issued and outstanding.

DOCUMENTS
 INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement in
 connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on
 May 31, 2006 are incorporated by reference into
 Items 10 through 14, inclusive.

TABLE OF
 CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 

3

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

18

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff
 Comments 

26

Item 2. 

Properties 

26

Item 3. 

Legal Matters 

26

Item 4. 

Submission of
 Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

26

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for
 Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder
 Matters 

27

Item 6. 

Selected Financial
 Data 

28

Item 7. 

Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations 

29

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and
 Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

37

Item 8. 

Financial
 Statements and Supplemental Data 

38

Item 9. 

Changes in and
 Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
 Disclosure 

59

Item 9A. 

Controls and
 Procedures 

59

Item 9B. 

Other
 Information 

59

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors and
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 

60

Item 11. 

Executive
 Compensation 

60

Item 12. 

Security Ownership
 of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
 Stockholder Matters 

60

Item 13. 

Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions 

60

Item 14. 

Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 

60

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial
 Statement Schedules and Reports on
 Form 8-K 

61

SIGNATURES 

63

Exhibit 10.19 
 Exhibit 10.20 
 Exhibit 23.1 
 Exhibit 31.1 
 Exhibit 31.2 
 Exhibit 32.1 
 Exhibit 32.2 

2

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 

The following discussion contains trend information and other
 forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and
 uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from
 our historical results of operations and those discussed in the
 forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual
 results to differ materially include, but are not limited to,
 those identified in Risk Factors. 

Overview 

We create branded entertainment and consumer products driven by
 the development, production and marketing of televised
 programming based on gaming themes. We developed and own the
 World Poker
 Tour ,
 a television show based on a series of high-stakes poker
 tournaments that airs in the U.S. on the Travel Channel and
 in more than 140 territories globally. We currently license our
 brand to companies in the business of poker equipment and
 instruction, apparel, publishing, electronic and wireless
 entertainment, DVD/home entertainment, casino games and giftware.

The
 World Poker Tour Tournaments, Television Series and
 Brand 

The World Poker Tour, or the WPT, is a sports league of
 affiliated poker tournaments open to the public. There are
 currently 17 regular WPT tournaments or tour stops on the
 circuit, which are all hosted by prestigious casinos and poker
 rooms. Each season of tour stops culminates in the WPT World
 Championship at the Bellagio Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas,
 Nevada, which includes the winner of each of that season s
 previous WPT tournaments. The World Poker Tour tour stops have
 attracted well-known and established professional and amateur
 poker players on the poker tournament circuit. We also make our
 tour stops accessible to the mainstream poker player by
 partnering with casinos and poker rooms which host
 satellite and super satellite poker
 tournaments in which the winner or winners may ultimately earn a
 paid entry into our main events. At our tour stops, we film the
 final table of participants competing for some of the poker
 world s largest tournament prize pools. We then edit the
 footage from each tour stop into a
 two-hour 
 episode, resulting in a series of
 two-hour 
 episodes which are distributed for telecast to both domestic and
 international television audiences. In addition, we film and
 produce special episodes based on a variety of non-traditional
 poker tournaments, which we also distribute for telecast along
 with the episodes based on our regular tour stops.

The World Poker Tour brand has gained recognition through the
 telecast of the World Poker Tour television series, which is
 exhibited on the Travel Channel and subsequently on multiple
 television networks around the world. Since its premiere during
 the spring and summer of 2003, our television series has become
 the Travel Channel s highest rated program, based on data
 compiled by Nielsen Media Research that measure the number of
 television households viewing the series episodes. The
 following table describes the timing of Seasons One through Four
 of the World Poker Tour series, including the delivery and
 exhibition of the episodes each season:

Date of TRV 

Number of 

Agreement or 

Episodes 

Production Period 

World Poker 

Option for 

(Including 

and Delivery of 

Initial Telecast of 

Tour Season 

Season 

Specials) 

Episodes to TRV 

Episodes in Season 

Season One

January 2003

15

February
 2002 June 2003

March 2003 June 2003

Season Two

August 2003

25

July
 2003 June 2004

December 2003 September
 2004

Season Three

May 2004

21

May
 2004 April 2005

October 2004 
 August 2005

Season Four

March 2005

21

May
 2005 April 2006 (expected)

October 2005 
 June 2006

We believe that we have strengthened the World Poker Tour brand
 through our relationships with numerous prestigious casinos,
 many of which have long-established poker tournaments, our
 ability to attract well-known, established professional poker
 players to our tournaments, and our ability to build excitement
 and identification

3

Table of Contents 

among a core audience of amateur poker players by giving a broad
 range of amateurs the ability to compete for seats at our
 tournaments.

Our
 Business Units 

We operate through four business units, WPT Studios, WPT
 Consumer Products, WPT Corporate Alliances and WPT Online
 Gaming, described in greater detail below:

WPT Studios generates revenue through the domestic and
 international licensing of telecast rights, as well as host fees
 from casinos and cardrooms that host the televised World Poker
 Tour events. The majority of our historical revenue has resulted
 from WPT Studios, which has represented approximately 76 of our
 Company s total revenues.

WPT Consumer Products generates revenue through the
 licensing of our brand to companies seeking to use the World
 Poker Tour brand and logo in the retail sales of their consumer
 products and through our direct sale of company-produced
 merchandise featuring our World Poker Tour brand.

WPT Corporate Alliances generates revenue through sales
 of corporate sponsorships that include elements of on-air
 visibility, online visibility, corporate live event sponsorship,
 promotional sponsorships and corporate hospitality events.

WPT Online Gaming generates revenue through our agreement
 with WagerWorks, Inc., or WagerWorks, a subsidiary of
 International Game Technology, pursuant to which we granted to
 WagerWorks a license to utilize the WPT brand to create a
 WPT-branded online gaming website, WPTonline.com, which features
 an online poker room and an online casino with a broad selection
 of slots and table games. In exchange for the license to
 WagerWorks of our brand, WagerWorks shares with us a percentage
 of all net revenue it collects from the operation of the online
 poker room and online casino. Although any Internet user can
 access WPTonline.com via the World Wide Web, the website does
 not permit bets to be made from players in the U.S. and other
 restricted jurisdictions.

The table below sets forth, for each period shown, the aggregate
 revenues, in thousands, attributable to each business unit and
 the amount of such revenues as a percentage of our total
 revenues:

2005 

2004 

2003 

WPT Studios 

11,503

14,740

4,134

63.7

84.0

97.0

WPT Consumer Products 

4,816

2,234

126

26.7

12.7

3.0

WPT Corporate
 Alliances 

880

583

4.8

3.3

WPT Online Gaming 

864

4.8

Total Company Revenue 

18,063

17,557

4,260

Significant
 Customer 

Approximately 61 of our company s total revenues since
 inception were derived from license fees under our agreements
 with the Travel Channel. Therefore, our ability to generate
 sufficient cash flow to fund our operations will remain heavily
 dependent on these agreements. Due to the exclusive nature of
 these licenses, we expect our financial results to remain
 heavily dependent on our agreements with the Travel Channel
 throughout their term.

Our
 Growth Strategy 

We plan to expand the popularity and reach of the World Poker
 Tour brand. We intend to focus on the continued growth of World
 Poker Tour tournaments and the live events that surround them.
 Along with our member casinos, we will attempt to increase the
 number of players and the size of the prize pools that we have
 experienced in our

4

Table of Contents 

tournaments to date. Having already established WPT tour stops
 as premier poker tournaments both in and outside the U.S., our
 goal is to continue to build these events into major regional,
 national and international destinations, drawing a broad array
 of players, spectators and media. We believe that by increasing
 the attendance and the popularity of World Poker Tour
 tournaments, we will increase the visibility of the World Poker
 Tour brand, expand the distribution of our consumer products and
 further establish the World Poker Tour circuit of tournaments.
 We also intend to expand our current business operations into
 international markets through increased international
 distribution of our current programming, and the creation of
 regional poker circuits in different parts of the world. For
 example, in September 2005, we entered into a format agreement
 with ABS-CBN Broadcasting Corp., one of the largest integrated
 media and entertainment companies in the Philippines, and a
 promotional agreement with Brandsell, a Canadian company with
 marketing and sponsorship expertise, to offer multi-tournament
 WPT Tours in card rooms and casinos in their respective
 countries in early 2006.

In addition to focusing on tournament building, we plan to
 extend the domestic and international footprint of the World
 Poker Tour brand through derivative products and concepts that
 utilize our content while creating new content. These derivative
 concepts may include the production of how-to poker
 videos or fictional or reality-based content for television,
 movies or other visual art media that are based upon the World
 Poker Tour circuit, the casinos that host the World Poker Tour
 tournaments, or the game of poker itself. Our goal for the World
 Poker Tour is to continue to build our brand into one of the
 major players in sports branding, in the tradition of the
 National Basketball Association, the National Football League,
 NASCAR and the PGA Tour.

In October 2004, we announced the formation of the Professional
 Poker
 Tour tm , 
 or the
 PPT tm .
 The PPT events are invitation-only tournaments restricted to
 poker s professional elite, including champions from the
 WPT and other major poker competitions. The first season of the
 PPT has been filmed in its entirety and included five major
 stops: Foxwoods, Bellagio, Gold Strike Casino, Commerce Casino
 and Mirage. In January 2006, we signed a U.S. distribution
 agreement with the Travel Channel to telecast the PPT, and will
 deliver 24
 two-hour 
 episodes beginning in the first quarter of 2006. The PPT is
 expected to air on the Travel Channel beginning in the third
 quarter of 2006 after the end of the WPT Season Four premiere
 telecasts, allowing the Travel Channel to feature at least
 forty-four weeks of premiere episodes of our programming each
 year. We are currently working to take advantage of the
 marketing and sponsorship synergies that this new deal offers,
 and are also pursuing partnership opportunities to distribute
 the PPT abroad.

On February 3, 2005, we finalized our agreement with
 WagerWorks to develop a WPT-branded real-money gaming website.
 The site, WPTonline.com, officially launched in the second
 quarter of 2005. WPTonline.com prohibits bets from players in
 the U.S. and other restricted jurisdictions. WPTonline.com
 showcases a WPT-branded poker room featuring ring games, as well
 as Sit and Go and multi-table tournaments for poker games
 including Texas Hold Em, Omaha, 7 Card Stud, and 7 Card
 Hi-Lo. Additionally, the site features an online casino with a
 broad selection of slots and table games, including
 WagerWorks exclusive online titles
 Monopoly tm , 
 Wheel of
 Fortune ,
 and The Price is
 Right tm . 
 On-air promotion of WPTonline.com via international World Poker
 Tour television telecasts has been one of our primary marketing
 tools for driving poker players to the site.

We plan to continue exploring additional means by which to
 strengthen and leverage the World Poker Tour and Professional
 Poker Tour brands. Currently, we are in the beginning stages of
 exploring the following potential sources of business:

Expansion of worldpokertour.com content, including educational
 poker content;

Partnering with other media companies to expand our content into
 the print publication business; and

Utilizing our library of televised programming to sustain part
 or all of a televised cable network based on gaming-themed
 entertainment.

History 

We were founded on March 1, 2002 by Steven Lipscomb, who
 currently serves as our Chief Executive Officer and President,
 and Lakes Poker Tour, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lakes
 Entertainment, Inc., whose founder and Chief Executive Officer,
 Lyle Berman, serves as our Executive Chairman of the Board and
 was our Chief Executive Officer from February 2004 through April
 2005. We were initially organized as a Delaware limited

5

Table of Contents 

liability company named World Poker Tour, LLC. We converted into
 a Delaware corporation named WPT Enterprises, Inc. 
 immediately prior to our initial public offering in August 2004.
 We can be found on the World Wide Web at www.worldpokertour.com.
 Our code of business conduct and ethics as well as other
 corporate governance documents can be found on our website.

Our
 Existing Brands 

World
 Poker Tour Tour Stops and the WPT World
 Championship 

Annual poker tournaments have been hosted by many casinos and
 cardrooms around the world for many years. To gain a seat at the
 table in these tournaments, competitors buy in by
 paying an entry fee, some or all of which goes into the
 tournaments prize pools (that is, the amount of money that
 the winners take home). This buy in amount at major tournaments
 ranges from 5,000 to as much as 25,000 at the largest and
 best-known tournaments. Each player who buys in to a tournament
 receives the same amount of poker chips and competes against the
 other players until being eliminated by losing all of his or her
 chips. The remaining players continue to compete until only one
 player, the champion, remains. Professional and amateur poker
 players are drawn to established tournaments based on the size
 of a poker tournament s prize pool, the prestigious nature
 of the casino or cardroom hosting the event, the history and
 tradition of the tournament itself and the level of the
 competition drawn to the event.

The World Poker Tour is a series of annual poker tournaments
 that are hosted by some of the world s most recognizable
 poker venues and feature large prize pools. While many of these
 tournaments have been in existence for years, we have turned
 them into a circuit of events that is affiliated under the World
 Poker Tour name with the intention of creating a sporting
 circuit in the tradition of the National Basketball Association,
 the National Football League, NASCAR, and the PGA Tour. The
 inaugural season of the World Poker Tour consisted of 12 tour
 stops and the season ending WPT World Championship, and we added
 one additional tournament to the World Poker Tour s list of
 tour stops for Season Two and an additional tour stop for Season
 Three. Currently, the World Poker Tour consists of the following
 17 annual poker tournaments, which comprise our Season Four tour
 stops:

Mirage Poker Showdown Mirage Casino-Hotel (Las
 Vegas, Nevada);

Grand Prix de Paris Aviation Club De France
 (Paris, France);

Legends of Poker Bicycle Casino (Bell Gardens,
 California);

Borgata Poker Open Borgata Hotel Casino and Spa
 (Atlantic City, New Jersey);

UltimateBet s Aruba Poker Classic Playa
 Linda Beach Resort (Aruba);

Doyle Brunson North American Poker
 Championship Bellagio (Las Vegas, Nevada);

World Poker Finals Foxwoods Resort Casino
 (Mashantucket, Connecticut);

Five Diamond World Poker Classic Bellagio (Las
 Vegas, Nevada);

PokerStars Caribbean Poker Adventure Atlantis
 (Bahamas);

World Poker Open Gold Strike Casino Resort
 (Tunica, Mississippi);

Borgata Poker Classic Borgata Hotel Casino and
 Spa (Atlantic City, New Jersey);

LA Poker Classic Commerce Casino (Commerce,
 California);

WPT Invitational Commerce Casino (Commerce,
 California);

Shooting Stars of Poker Bay 101 Casino
 (San Jose, California);

World Poker Challenge Reno Hilton (Reno,
 Nevada);

Foxwoods New England Poker Classic Foxwoods
 Resort Casino (Mashantucket, Connecticut);

WPT World Championship Bellagio (Las Vegas,
 Nevada).

6

Table of Contents 

In addition to receiving the first place portion of the
 tournament s prize pool, the winner of each regular tour
 stop also receives a paid entry into the World Poker Tour
 season s culminating event, the WPT World Championship,
 which is hosted by the Bellagio in Las Vegas, as well as a
 three-year tour card, allowing the winner to compete
 in the PPT. At the WPT World Championship, each of that
 season s previous tour stop winners compete with other
 participants for one of the largest prize pools in tournament
 poker. In each of the first three seasons of the World Poker
 Tour, the number of players, size of prize pools and number of
 tour stops have all increased:

At the World Poker Tour s regular season events and the WPT
 Championship, like most traditional poker tournaments, anyone is
 eligible to buy in and play, subject to the house rules of the
 host casino and to the laws of the jurisdiction where the
 tournament is held. The style of poker played at all World Poker
 Tour events is Texas Hold Em. At World Poker Tour
 tournaments, the players are assigned to different tables at
 which each competes against the other players until being
 eliminated by losing all of his or her chips. Tables are
 combined as players are eliminated and the players holding chips
 continue to compete until six players remain. On the last day of
 the tournament, these six players compete at the final
 table located in a designated WPT arena until only one
 player, the champion, remains.

In establishing and building the World Poker Tour circuit of
 tournaments, we have entered into written agreements with all of
 our member casinos except Aviation Club De France, which
 currently participates under an unwritten arrangement. Under
 these agreements, the casino is responsible for conducting its
 annual poker tournament, and the member casino pays us a yearly
 hosting fee to have the tournament included as a tour stop on
 the World Poker Tour circuit. The agreements were originally for
 a term of five years and, although some member casinos have a
 bilateral option, most of the agreements provided us with a
 unilateral option to renew on the same terms for another five
 years. In September 2004, we exercised our right to renew most
 of these agreements for an additional five years. In each year
 after its first year of participation, the member casino may
 elect to withdraw its tournament from the World Poker Tour and
 terminate the agreement by giving us notice by a specified date
 or, if earlier, a specified length of time (generally four to
 six months) prior to the date of the tournament. While the
 agreement is in effect and for varying periods of time
 thereafter, the member casino is prohibited from televising the
 tournament itself, permitting any third party to televise the
 tournament or licensing its name, trademarks or likeness to any
 other party in conjunction with the telecast of a poker
 tournament.

World
 Poker Tour Specials 

In addition to filming and producing content for distribution
 and exhibition based on the final tables of the World Poker
 Tour s regular tour stops, we also film and produce
 non-tournament World Poker Tour episodes. To date, these special
 episodes have included the following:

WPT Ladies Night

WPT Battle of Champions

WPT Hollywood Home Game

WPT Bad Boys of Poker

WPT Poker by the Book

WPT Young Guns of Poker

WPT American Chopper vs. Trading Spaces

7

Table of Contents 

Access
 to the World Poker Tour Our Satellite and Super
 Satellite Tournaments 

To have a successful buy-in tournament event like the regular
 World Poker Tour events or the WPT World Championship,
 satellite and super satellite 
 tournaments are important in ensuring a large field of players
 that will generate a substantial prize pool for the winners.
 Satellites are tournaments that allow players to buy in for a
 fraction of the cost of a major event in hopes of winning a seat
 in other satellites or the major event itself. For example,
 assuming that a World Poker Tour event costs 10,000 to enter, a
 one-table satellite (ten players) for this event would cost
 1,000 to play and the winner of the satellite would receive a
 paid entry into the 10,000 event. Most casinos host satellites
 nightly for as little as two weeks and as much as one year prior
 to their major events. Casinos and cardrooms also host super
 satellites, which are multi-table tournaments held for major
 events. Because super satellites contemplate more participants
 given their multiple table format, the buy-in amounts tend to be
 significantly less than that of the one-table satellites.

In order to increase the accessibility of World Poker Tour
 events, we have launched a program to encourage casinos across
 the country to provide lower cost satellite or super satellite
 tournaments to fans across the U.S. To date, approximately 90
 casinos and cardrooms have hosted World Poker Tour satellite and
 super satellite events. In addition to increasing the size and
 visibility of our tour stops, our satellite and super satellite
 program makes the World Poker Tour events, including the WPT
 World Championship, more accessible to the mainstream poker
 player who may not want to risk the entire cost of a large
 buy-in championship tournament. The satellites and super
 satellites give these mainstream poker players the opportunity
 to earn a paid entry to our tour stops and potentially be a part
 of the action at the televised final tables. Like the tour stops
 themselves, these satellite and super satellite events are
 operated by the host casinos and cardrooms, and they are
 responsible for ensuring that the tournaments comply with all
 applicable gaming regulations. We neither receive revenues nor
 incur expenses in connection with these events.

The
 Professional Poker Tour 

The Professional Poker Tour events differ somewhat from the
 World Poker Tour, in that only qualified players are permitted
 to play in PPT events. The PPT model is similar to the PGA Tour,
 in that players need to earn a tour card to play in
 the PPT events. Each winner of a WPT event automatically
 receives a three-year tour card to the PPT. Additionally,
 individuals that meet other specified criteria, as well as some
 WPT invitees are permitted to participate in the PPT.

The PPT currently has approximately 200 participants that can
 compete in our current set of five tour stops, which in the
 first season included Foxwoods, Bellagio, Gold Strike Casino,
 Commerce Casino and the Mirage. The participants in the PPT do
 not pay any entry fees, as the prize pools for these events are
 guaranteed by us. The PPT tournaments are all No-Limit Texas
 Hold Em tournaments, similar in structure to the WPT
 events.

The PPT has a different format from the WPT, in that the PPT
 will promote the fact that only the world s top players are
 pitted against each other, as opposed to the WPT, where any
 person, professional or amateur, has a chance to win the event
 once they have put up the entry fee. We anticipate that the
 shows will present significant cross-promotional opportunities.
 The PPT is expected to air on the Travel Channel beginning in
 the third quarter of 2006 after the end of the WPT Season Four
 premiere telecasts, allowing the Travel Channel to feature at
 least forty-four weeks of premiere episodes of our programming
 each year.

Our
 Television Series 

We film the participants at the final table of each World Poker
 Tour and Professional Poker Tour event. Using our innovative
 sports-style production, we shoot our footage from 19 different
 camera angles, incorporate graphics and distinctive lighting and
 add commentary from on-air poker personalities. Our productions
 also feature specially-designed poker tables conducive to
 televised poker play and include our WPT Cams, which are small
 cameras placed on the poker table in front of each player that
 reveal each competitor s hidden cards, or hole
 cards, to the television audience at the same time the
 player looks at his or her hand. Using the footage we obtain at
 the final tables of our World Poker Tour and Professional Poker
 Tour events, we edit the footage into
 two-hour 
 episodes for each tournament for distribution and telecast on
 cable and/or broadcast television.

8

Table of Contents 

Operations 

We generate revenue through television and product license fees,
 casino host fees, sponsorship fees, online gaming fees, and
 merchandise and home entertainment sales through four business
 units: WPT Studios, WPT Consumer Products, WPT Corporate
 Alliances and WPT Online Gaming.

WPT
 Studios 

Telecast
 License Agreements with the Travel Channel 

Under our license agreements, the Travel Channel obtained an
 exclusive domestic license to exhibit the episodes produced in
 connection with Seasons One through Four of the World Poker Tour
 television series. The Travel Channel also has successive
 one-year options covering Seasons Five through Seven of the WPT
 series. If we elect not to continue production of the World
 Poker Tour television series during any season for which the
 Travel Channel has exercised its option on our programming, but
 we continue to organize tour stops under the World Poker Tour
 name, the Travel Channel may contract with another production
 company to produce the episodes for the remainder of that
 season. In that event, we are required to grant the Travel
 Channel a license to use the World Poker Tour name and marks in
 connection with the exploitation of those episodes in exchange
 for an annual license fee of 40,000. If we elect to discontinue
 organizing tour stops under the World Poker Tour name, the
 Travel Channel will have a right of first negotiation and last
 refusal to acquire all of our rights to continue such activities.

If the Travel Channel were to exercise all of its options, it
 would hold the exclusive right to exhibit the episodes produced
 in connection with all seasons through Season Seven, which we
 expect to be completed in 2009. The Travel Channel would retain
 the exclusive right to exhibit the episodes produced in
 connection with each of these seasons in the U.S. for a
 period of four years, or three years in the case of Season One.

Under our agreements with the Travel Channel, we receive fixed
 license fees for each episode, payable at various times during
 our production and post-production process. This per-episode
 license fee for the World Poker Tour increases by a fixed
 percentage in each year that the Travel Channel exercises its
 option. For no additional payments, the Travel Channel receives
 rights to show repeats of the episodes an unlimited number of
 times on the Travel Channel or other Discovery Channel networks
 in the United States for a period of four years, or three years
 in the case of the episodes from World Poker Tour Season One,
 following an episode s first exhibition on television in
 the U.S. or, if sooner, 60 days after we
 satisfactorily deliver the episode to the Travel Channel. As is
 customary in most production agreements with television
 networks, the Travel Channel has retained final edit rights over
 the programs that we produce.

Since the license fees we receive pursuant to the Travel Channel
 agreement either remain constant or increase at a prescribed
 rate for each new season of programming, our television ratings
 do not affect the license fees we will receive from the Travel
 Channel during the term of the agreement. The ratings will,
 however, affect the Travel Channel s decision to exercise
 its remaining options on Seasons Five through Seven of the World
 Poker Tour, and Seasons Two through Four of the Professional
 Poker Tour. In addition, the ratings evidence the popularity of
 our television series and the penetration of our brands, each of
 which may be an indication of our ability to obtain increased
 fees for U.S. telecast licenses upon the termination of our
 Travel Channel agreements, as well as our ability to generate
 revenue from international telecast licenses and other sources
 based on our brands popularity.

While we have retained worldwide television rights to telecast
 the WPT and PPT episodes outside the U.S. and the right to
 pursue other business activities related to the World Poker Tour
 and Professional Poker Tour events and brand worldwide, the
 Travel Channel has rights to receive 15 of our adjusted gross
 revenues from all DVD and home video sales, merchandising and
 publishing activities and international television licenses.

Telecast
 License Agreement with the Travel Channel for the PPT
 Series 

We entered into an agreement with Discovery Communications, Inc.
 (the parent company to the Travel Channel) in January 2006,
 pursuant to which Travel Channel agreed to license the rights to
 telecast the PPT events.

9

Table of Contents 

The agreement is substantially similar in structure to our
 agreement with Travel Channel with respect to the WPT, with a
 few differences, such as the following:

Travel Channel has successive one-year options to acquire the
 exclusive license to telecast the episodes produced in
 connection with Seasons Two through Four of the PPT in the U.S.,
 while the WPT agreements grant successive options until Season
 Seven of the WPT.

The PPT agreement has a different mechanism for selecting
 corporate sponsors for the PPT that grants us more flexibility
 than we have in the WPT agreements.

Upon termination of the agreement, Travel Channel s revenue
 share percentage declines over the following four years. There
 is no revenue share percentage beginning in the fifth year
 following the termination of the agreement.

International
 Television Distribution 

In 2004, we began packaging our U.S. telecasts into
 two-hour 
 programs for international distribution and entered into an
 exclusive five-year agreement with Alfred Haber Distribution,
 Inc. to negotiate international licenses for the exhibition of
 the World Poker Tour s first, second and third seasons. In
 December 2005, we entered into an exclusive one-year agreement
 with Alfred Haber Distribution to act as our agent in regard to
 the international distribution of Season Four of the World Poker
 Tour and Season One of the Professional Poker Tour. Under our
 agreements, Alfred Haber Distribution has a right to negotiate
 with prospective international licensees of the World Poker Tour
 or Professional Poker Tour episodes, subject to our prior
 approval of the license terms. After recouping up to a certain
 amount of expenses, Alfred Haber Distribution receives 25 of
 our gross receipts from these international licenses for World
 Poker Tour Seasons One through Three and 20 of our gross
 receipts from World Poker Tour Season Four and Professional
 Poker Tour Season One.

10

Table of Contents 

Through Alfred Haber Distribution, we currently have agreements
 for international telecast of our episodes in over 140
 territories, including:

Angola

Democratic Republic of Congo

Jamaica

Reunion

Anguilla

Denmark

Kazakhstan

Russia

Antigua & Barbuda

Djibouti

Kenya

Rwanda

Argentina

Dominica

Kyrgyzstan

Sao Tome

Armenia

Dominican Republic

Latvia

Senegal

Aruba

Ecuador

Liberia

Sierra Leone

Australia

El Salvador

Lithuania

Slovenia

Azerbaijan

Equatorial Guinea

Luxembourg

Somalia

Bahamas

Eritrea

Madagascar

South Korea

Bangladesh

Estonia

Malawi

Sri Lanka

Barbados

Ethiopia

Maldives

St. Kitts & Nevis

Belarus

Falkland Islands

Mali

St. Lucia

Belgium

Faroe Islands

Martinique

St. Vincent & Grenadines

Belize

Finland

Mauritania

Sudan

Benin

France

Mauritius

Suriname

Bermuda

French Guyana

Mayotte

Swaziland

Bhutan

French Polynesia

Mexico

Sweden

Bolivia

French Southern and 
 Antarctic Territories

Moldova

Switzerland

Botswana

Gabon

Monaco

Tahiti

Brazil

Gambia

Montserrat

Tajikistan

British Virgin Islands

Georgia

Mozambique

Tanzania

Burkina Faso

Ghana

Namibia

Togo

Burundi

Greenland

Nepal

Trinidad & Tobago

Cameroon

Grenada

Netherlands

Turkmenistan

Canada

Guadeloupe

Netherlands Antilles

Turks & Caicos Islands

Cape Verde

Guatemala

New Caledonia

U.S. Virgin Islands

Cayman Islands

Guinea Bissau

Nicaragua

Uganda

Central African Republic

Guinea Conakry

Niger

Ukraine

Chad

Haiti

Nigeria

United Kingdom

Chile

Honduras

Norway

Uruguay

Columbia

Hungary

Pakistan

Uzbekistan

Comoros

Iceland

Panama

Venezuela

Congo

India

Paraguay

Wallis & Futuna

Corsica

Israel

Peru

Zambia

Costa Rica

Italy

Philippines

Zimbabwe

Cuba

Ivory Coast

Puerto Rico

Each of these agreements grants the international licensee an
 exclusive license to exhibit certain World Poker Tour episodes
 in the applicable territory and distribution channel for a
 period of time ranging from seven months to two years. In
 addition, certain of the agreements provide the licensee with
 either an option to license additional seasons of World Poker
 Tour programming on similar terms or a right of first refusal
 and last negotiation with respect to such programming. Alfred
 Haber Distribution is also in the process of negotiating license
 agreements in additional territories around the world. We are
 currently negotiating short-term agreements for international
 telecast licenses (generally two years or less) based on our
 belief that increased popularity of our programming in the

11

Table of Contents 

immediate future, as well as the perceived increase in
 popularity of poker, will strengthen our bargaining position to
 negotiate longer-term license deals in the future. We are also
 currently negotiating international telecast license agreements
 that contain provisions for exclusivity regarding the
 advertisement and sponsorship of online gaming. We plan to
 negotiate similar agreements to telecast PPT episodes
 internationally once they have been aired in the U.S.

We are also evaluating opportunities to leverage our business
 model and the World Poker Tour and Professional Poker Tour
 brands to create regional tours with the same format
 internationally. For example, we have entered into a format
 agreement with ABS-CBN Broadcasting Corp., one of the largest
 integrated media and entertainment companies in the Philippines,
 and a promotional agreement with Brandsell, a Canadian company
 with marketing and sponsorship expertise, to offer
 multi-tournament WPT Tours in card rooms and casinos in their
 respective countries in 2006. We are also in discussions with
 casinos in Europe, Asia and Latin America regarding the creation
 of a WPT-branded tour in those territories and are in the
 process of determining whether these tours would be financially
 viable business opportunities.

Member
 Casino Affiliations 

In addition to revenues from U.S. and international telecast
 license fees and revenues from sales of World Poker Tour home
 entertainment products, the World Poker Tour also generates
 modest revenues from annual fees from the member casinos that
 host the World Poker Tour s annual tour stops. We currently
 have written agreements with 11 member casinos and one member
 casino participates under an unwritten arrangement. Our
 agreement with the Travel Channel currently limits the number of
 televised seasonal tour stops to 17, subject to the Travel
 Channel s approval of the tournament venue in some
 instances. Season Four of the World Poker Tour has a total of 17
 tour stops. To date, four member casinos that have hosted World
 Poker Tour tour stops have chosen to no longer participate as
 hosts of World Poker Tour events. We have subsequently replaced
 each of these venues with additional tour stops, and do not
 believe that their withdrawal has had a significant impact on
 the quality of the tour or on our business.

WPT
 Consumer Products 

Based on the popularity of the World Poker Tour series and the
 increasing recognition of the World Poker Tour brand, we believe
 that there is a substantial opportunity for consumer products
 bearing the World Poker Tour name and/or logo, branded casino
 games and for DVD and video products featuring our series
 episodes and related content. We will continue to access this
 market through the licensing of our brand to companies seeking
 to leverage the appeal of the World Poker Tour in the retail
 sales of their consumer products and through direct sales of our
 branded merchandise. Once the PPT episodes are telecast, we plan
 to develop a similar licensing model for the PPT.

Licensing
 for Third Party Consumer Products 

We have engaged Brandgenuity, an experienced brand licensing
 company, to pursue a licensing program and negotiate licensing
 agreements aimed at capitalizing on what we believe is a growing
 interest in poker in the U.S. and abroad. We have also engaged
 two international brand licensing companies to explore foreign
 licensing

12

Table of Contents 

opportunities in Europe and Australia. To date, we have executed
 agreements pursuant to which we are licensing the World Poker
 Tour name and logo to several parties including:

Licensee 

Products 

AMF Billiards & Games

Folding poker tables

Bev Key

Keychain beverage openers

BioWorld Merchandising

Headwear & wallets

Briefly Stated

Men s and women s
 loungewear

Die-Cast Promotions

Die-cast cars and trucks

Frankford Candy

Novelty candy

G-III Apparel

Men s and women s
 apparel and hats

HarperCollins

Poker strategy guides

Head West

Decorative bar and game room
 mirrors

Hot Properties! Merchandising

Novelty items

Imperial Rubber Holdings

Rubber backed poker mats

IGT

Slot, video poker and video
 lottery machines

Jakks Pacific

Plug-and-play video games

Mforma Americas, Inc. 

Wireless games

Mobile Digital Media (MDM)

PDA entertainment and game software

MZ Berger

Watches/clocks

Notra

Kitchen and bedroom accessories

Oakley

Sunglasses

ODM

Adult long-sleeved and
 short-sleeved T-shirts

Pacific Direct

Talking bottle openers

Pacific Sportswear

Headbands and wristbands

PixelPlay

Interactive poker games on
 interactive television platform

Radica Games

Handheld electronic games

Roberto Martinez

Jewelry

Scientific Games/MDI

Instant win lottery games

Shell Oil Products

Automotive accessories

Stern Pinball

Pinball machines

Take 2

Console game

Talexia

Cell phone cases and charms

Two Dogs Designs

Barbeque covers and accessories

US Playing Cards

Playing cards, poker chips and
 poker accessories

WPT Boot Camp

Instructional seminars

Zippo

Collectible lighters

Casino
 Games 

We have entered into a license agreement with Lakes
 Entertainment, Inc., which, through its wholly owned subsidiary,
 Lakes Poker Tour, LLC, is our majority stockholder, pursuant to
 which Lakes Entertainment obtained a license to utilize the
 World Poker Tour name and logo in connection with a World Poker
 Tour No Limit Texas Hold Em casino game that Lakes
 Entertainment has developed using certain intellectual property
 rights of Sklansky Games, LLC. Under the terms of the agreement,
 we are entitled to receive a specified minimum annual royalty
 payment or 10 of the gross revenue received by Lakes
 Entertainment from its sale or lease of this casino game,
 whichever is greater. We have separate agreements with Mike
 Sexton and Vince Van Patten, our current on-air talent, and
 Shana Hiatt, our former WPT host, pursuant to which each of them
 allows his or her video endorsements to be integrated into the
 table game. In exchange, each is entitled to 5 of the license
 fees we receive from table

13

Table of Contents 

games that utilize his or her respective video endorsements (up
 to a total of 15 if video endorsements of all three are
 integrated). The World Poker Tour No Limit Texas Hold Em
 casino game has been approved by certain gaming regulators and
 entered the casino marketplace in December 2005. Additionally,
 in September 2004, we entered into an agreement with IGT to
 produce slot and video poker machines based on our World Poker
 Tour television series. We expect this product to be in the
 market during the third quarter of 2006.

We had an investment, consisting of a 15 equity interest
 (carried at its nominal cost basis) in and a loan receivable
 from PokerTek, a company formed in August 2003 to develop and
 market to casinos and card clubs the PokerPro system, an
 electronic poker table designed to provide a fully automated
 poker room environment. As part of the consideration for this
 investment, we granted PokerTek an exclusive ten-year license to
 use our branded logo in connection with the marketing and sale
 of their electronic poker tables. As a result of PokerTek s
 public offering in October 2005, our ownership interest was
 diluted to 11.7 . Our Executive Chairman of the Board, Lyle
 Berman, along with his son Bradley Berman, who is also a member
 of our Board of Directors, have personal investments in PokerTek
 of approximately 9 combined, as of January 1, 2006. Lyle
 Berman serves as Chairman of the Board of PokerTek and received
 options to purchase 200,000 shares of common stock in
 that company. In January 2006, we entered into an agreement with
 Aristocrat International PTY. Limited to sell
 630,000 shares of PokerTek s common stock held by us,
 at a price per share of 9.03. We closed the transaction in
 February 2006, and received proceeds of approximately
 5.7 million. We now have a 4.75 ownership interest in
 PokerTek.

Branded
 Merchandise 

In addition to DVD collections of our television episodes, we
 offer many of our branded consumer products for sale on our
 online store. We plan to continue expanding our online product
 offerings in hopes of accelerating this revenue source in the
 future.

WPT
 Corporate Alliances 

As World Poker Tour television ratings, prize money and
 participation continue to rise, so does corporate interest in
 poker-related sponsorship, hospitality and co-branded
 promotional opportunities. With our slate of programs showcasing
 premier poker venues in the top-rated television series on the
 Travel Channel, we believe we are well positioned to extend the
 World Poker Tour brand into corporate sponsorship.

Based on the success of the World Poker Tour s programming,
 WPT Corporate Alliances launched a sponsorship program based on
 the traditional professional sports model that grants
 sponsorship opportunities pursuant to which a company s
 product may be identified as an official product of
 the World Poker Tour and naming rights that entitle
 one company to be the sole sponsor of an entire World Poker Tour
 season. If an acceptable sponsor ever acquires naming rights, in
 subsequent seasons, we are required to remit to the Travel
 Channel 10 of the subsequent season-over- season increases in
 the adjusted gross revenue we receive from the sponsor on
 account of these naming rights. Also under the Travel Channel
 agreement, we are permitted to incorporate an entitlement
 sponsorship into the World Poker Tour televised program as long
 as the Travel Channel reasonably consents to the sponsor and the
 sponsor purchases a minimum amount of advertising from the
 Travel Channel. We do not share in any advertising revenue paid
 to the Travel Channel from our sponsors. We have also granted
 the Travel Channel an exclusive right to sell audio-visual
 sponsorships, other than naming rights, to be integrated into
 our programming; and we have agreed to cooperate with the Travel
 Channel in order to accomplish this integration. We are not
 entitled to share in the Travel Channel s proceeds from
 such sponsorship sales. Under our agreement with the Travel
 Channel for the Professional Poker Tour television series, all
 sponsorship integration agreements require mutual approval by
 both Travel Channel and us.

Anheuser-Busch became our first corporate sponsor in November
 2003 when we entered into a beverage sponsorship agreement
 covering Season Two of the World Poker Tour. Under the
 agreement, Anheuser-Busch paid us a sponsorship fee in exchange
 for the designation of Anheuser-Busch s Anheuser
 World Select beer as the official beer of the
 World Poker Tour and, in addition, Anheuser-Busch purchased at
 least the minimum amount of advertising from the Travel Channel,
 in which we do not share. The agreement also entitled
 Anheuser-Busch to visible logo placements on the final table
 felt and on banners at World Poker Tour tournaments, sole
 sponsorship rights to the celebratory toast at the conclusion of
 each tournament and logo and links privileges on our Internet

14

Table of Contents 

website, among other sponsorship elements. In January 2005, we
 entered into a beverage sponsorship agreement covering Season
 Three of the World Poker Tour. The agreement is similar to that
 for Season Two, with the exception of the designation of
 Anheuser-Busch s Michelob AmberBock beer as the
 official beer of the World Poker Tour. During the
 third quarter of 2005, Anheuser-Busch announced that its
 sponsorship in Season Four will now feature its largest brand,
 Budweiser, as the official beer of the World Poker
 Tour on the Travel Channel.

In February 2006, we launched an events division offering help
 in designing special programs for corporations, meeting planners
 and charitable organizations for entertainment purposes only,
 not for actual gaming. Some of the ways customers will be able
 to incorporate the World Poker Tour into their events are for
 sales meetings, product launches, vendor programs, incentive
 programs and client parties.

WPT
 Online Gaming 

We generate revenue through our agreement with WagerWorks,
 pursuant to which we granted to WagerWorks a license to utilize
 the WPT brand to create a WPT-branded online gaming website,
 WPTonline.com, which features an online poker room and an online
 casino with a broad selection of slots and table games. In
 exchange for the license to WagerWorks of our brand, WagerWorks
 receives between 25-30 (depending on the amount of revenue
 generated) of all net revenue it collects from the operation of
 the online casino and 25 of all net revenue it collects from
 the operation of the online poker room.

Our agreement with WagerWorks gives us control of
 WagerWorks use of our intellectual property, and
 WagerWorks has the full responsibility for maintaining and
 providing technical support for the online casino and poker
 room, collecting and disbursing funds, ensuring that users are
 not located in restricted jurisdictions, resolving customer
 complaints, maintaining all required gaming or other regulatory
 permits or licensing needed to operate the site, and all other
 day-to-day 
 responsibilities of managing WPTonline.com. We are responsible
 for the marketing, promotion and advertising of WPTonline.com.
 The agreement was entered into in January of 2005 and has a
 three-year term, with automatic renewals for additional,
 consecutive one-year periods, unless either party provides
 written notice of termination at least 90 days prior to the
 end of the current term. Either party may terminate the
 agreement for cause at any time without penalty (subject to
 certain cure provisions), and we may cancel the agreement at any
 time, for any reason, if we provide WagerWorks with three
 month s written notice and pay a nominal prepayment penalty.

We anticipate that on-air promotion of WPTonline.com via
 international World Poker Tour television telecasts will
 continue to be the primary marketing tool for driving poker
 players to the website. Although any Internet user can access
 WPTonline.com via the World Wide Web, the website does not
 permit bets to be made from players in the U.S. and other
 restricted jurisdictions. WPTonline.com officially launched on
 June 29, 2005 and has generated approximately
 0.9 million in revenue through January 1, 2006,
 compared to costs of revenues of approximately 0.4 million
 and selling expenses of approximately 2.5 million.

Competition 

In the market for televised poker tournaments, we compete with
 producers of several poker-related programs, including the World
 Series of Poker, an annual event hosted by Harrah s that
 airs on ESPN, Celebrity Poker Showdown, which airs on Bravo and
 showcases celebrities playing poker and Late Night Poker, a U.K.
 based program that airs on Fox. Fox also telecasts Poker
 Superstars, a series of events featuring well-known professional
 poker players. Additional poker-related programs include the
 Full Tilt Poker.net Global Challenge on FOX, Poker Royale and
 High Stakes Poker on the Game Show Network and the National
 Heads-Up Poker Championship on NBC. In 2005, Harrah s
 created the World Series of Poker national circuit, taking place
 at several casinos operated by Harrah s Entertainment, Inc.
 throughout the U.S. All circuit championship events are
 currently taped for telecast on ESPN. These and other producers
 of poker-related programming may be well established and may
 have significantly greater resources than we do. One of the ways
 that the World Poker Tour series differentiates our programming
 schedule from these competing shows is by airing the World Poker
 Tour series in prime time television during the same timeslot
 each week. We believe that this type of appointment 
 television helps build a following among viewers. In addition to
 other poker-related programs, the World Poker Tour series also
 competes

15

Table of Contents 

with televised sporting events, reality-based television
 programming and other televised programming that airs during the
 same timeslot.

Our real-money gaming website, WPTonline.com, launched at the
 end of the second quarter of 2005. The website does not accept
 bets made from players in the U.S. and other restricted
 jurisdictions. WPTonline.com faces competition from several
 larger, more experienced and established online gaming websites,
 including PartyPoker.com, which is estimated by PokerPulse.com,
 a website that tracks the number of players in online poker
 rooms, to maintain over a 50 market share in the global poker
 market, PokerStars.com, UltimateBet.com and many others. These
 and other competitors have significant marketing and operational
 experience advantages over us. In addition, the
 U.S. Department of Justice believes online gaming is
 illegal in the U.S. Our competitors accept bets from
 players in the U.S., where the bulk of the world s poker
 players are located, which gives these competitors a significant
 advantage since WPTonline.com will not permit bets from
 U.S. players. We plan to differentiate WPTonline.com by
 leveraging the strength of the World Poker Tour brand and the
 distribution reach of our international television division. We
 believe that the resulting brand awareness will help build a
 following among online players.

Regulation 

The World Poker Tour and Professional Poker Tour tournaments are
 conducted by the host casinos and cardrooms, and we believe we
 are not subject to government gaming regulation in connection
 with our affiliation with and telecasts of these events. Our
 online gaming website, WPTonline.com, is subject to gaming
 regulation outside the U.S. and is licensed by the Alderney
 Gambling Control Commission, located in the United
 Kingdom s Channel Islands. The website is operated solely
 by WagerWorks, which is obligated to ensure that WPTonline.com
 does not accept bets from players in the U.S. and other
 restricted jurisdictions. While we believe that WagerWorks will
 be in compliance with all international regulations, we cannot
 be certain that WagerWorks will be allowed to accept wagers in
 all the markets we plan to enter. We continue to monitor the
 legality of Internet gaming in domestic and international
 jurisdictions, but cannot be certain that changes in existing
 regulations will be beneficial to the online gaming market.
 Additionally, we anticipate that on-air promotion of
 WPTonline.com via international World Poker Tour and
 Professional Poker Tour television telecasts will be a primary
 marketing tool for driving poker players to the site. However,
 certain territories and foreign networks may restrict us from
 incorporating marketing elements related to our online site into
 our international telecast and certain laws or regulations may
 restrict the type of advertising in general in those territories.

Intellectual
 Property 

We have registered the trademark World Poker Tour 
 with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on the
 supplemental register in connection with entertainment services
 and electronic and scientific apparatus and on the principal
 register in connection with clothing and playing cards and poker
 chips, and have an application pending for the registration of
 this mark in one additional class. Other registered marks around
 the world include: Battle of Champions in the U.S.;
 Card Design in Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Peru and
 Puerto Rico; Ladies Night in the U.S.;
 Latin American Poker Tour in Peru; Poker Walk
 of Fame in the U.S.; World Poker Tour in
 Chile, Colombia, Europe, Peru and Puerto Rico; World Poker
 Tour & Design in Europe; WPT in
 Chile, Mexico, Peru and Puerto Rico; WPT Poker
 Corner in Europe; and WPT World Poker
 Tour & Design in Europe and the U.S. We also
 have U.S. federal trademark applications pending for the
 following additional marks: All In TV, Bad
 Boys of Poker, Doyle Brunson North American Poker
 Tour, Hollywood Home Game, PPT, 
 PPT & Design, Professional Poker
 Tour, Professional Poker Tour PPT &
 Design, The Poker Site You Can Trust, 
 World Poker Tour & Design, WPT, 
 WPT Boot Camp, WPT Poker Corner, 
 WPTonline.com and WPTonline.net. In
 addition, we have trademark applications pending for the
 World Poker Tour, World Poker Tour &
 Design, and WPT World Poker Tour &
 Design marks in various classes in Canada. We have
 trademark applications pending for World Poker Tour 
 and for WPT in five additional countries. We have
 registered approximately 200 Internet domain names, including
 the following: www.worldpokertour.com; worldpokertour.net;
 worldpokertour.biz; wptonline.com; and wptonline.net. We also
 have proprietary rights to our portfolio of unregistered
 copyrighted materials, which includes the episodes of the
 televised programming that we produce,

16

Table of Contents 

subject to licenses related to these episodes provided under our
 agreement with the Travel Channel and our international telecast
 license agreements.

We currently have three U.S. patent applications and
 international patent applications pending. The three patent
 applications relate to (1) a specially designed poker table
 that uses integral lighting, (2) a method for exhibiting a
 card game in a video format, and (3) a method for
 controlling the pace of a card game. We believe that our special
 poker table is conducive to television recording in a way that
 is superior to other poker tables. We further believe that our
 method for exhibiting video and graphics on a television screen
 provides viewers with an individualized perspective of each
 player s cards. Our method for controlling the pace of a
 card game also is believed to enhance viewer interest. Together,
 these technologies are designed to heighten the on-screen drama
 of tournament poker play.

We believe that several competitive poker-related television
 programs use exhibition methods and technology that might
 infringe on one or more claims of our pending patent
 applications. We have issued letters to the producers of these
 programs, notifying them that we have intellectual property
 rights in such technology and that we intend to vigorously
 enforce such rights in order to protect our proprietary
 processes. These and other producers of poker-related
 programming may be well established and may have significantly
 greater resources than we do.

It is our policy to require each of our employees, consultants,
 crew members, and other persons rendering services in connection
 with our television programs to execute an agreement which
 contains both a (i) confidentiality provision pursuant to
 which each such person agrees not to disclose confidential and
 proprietary information, and (ii) work made for
 hire provision pursuant to which each such person agrees
 that any intellectual property developed in connection with our
 projects by such person during the course of his or her
 employment (or, if not an employee, during the term of such
 person s engagement) is created on a work made for
 hire basis and is owned by us.

Employees 

As of January 1, 2006, we had 83 full-time employees.
 We utilize a number of production and marketing personnel on a
 temporary basis to assist in the production of the World Poker
 Tour and Professional Poker Tour television series episodes. We
 also have agreements with Mike Sexton, Vince Van Patten and
 Courtney Friel, our current on-air talent for the WPT, and have
 agreements with Mark Seif, Matt Corboy, and Kaye Han, our
 current on-air talent for the PPT.

Our post production group is currently operating under a
 collective bargaining agreement with the International Alliance
 of Theatrical Stage Employees (IATSE). We consider our
 relationships with our employees to be satisfactory.

17

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk
 Factors 

In addition to factors discussed elsewhere in this Annual
 Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 the following are important factors that could cause actual
 results or events to differ materially from those contained in
 any forward-looking statement made by us or on our behalf. 

Risks
 Related to Our Business 

The
 revenues we receive under our agreements with the Travel Channel
 and Discovery Communications have been and continue to be our
 most significant source of revenue; the termination or
 impairment of these agreements would materially and adversely
 affect our results of operations. 

Under our agreements with the Travel Channel, LLC, we have
 granted the Travel Channel exclusive licenses to exhibit our WPT
 Seasons One through Four programming on television in the U.S.
 and options to acquire similar licenses for the episodes
 comprising each of Seasons Five through Seven, which is expected
 to be completed in 2009. Our agreement with Discovery
 Communications, Inc., the Travel Channel s parent company,
 granted the Travel Channel a license to air Season One of the
 PPT and options to acquire similar licenses for Seasons Two
 through Four. Because the license fees we receive from the
 Travel Channel have been and will continue to be our most
 significant source of revenue, comprising approximately 61 of
 our total historical revenues, our failure to maintain or
 replace our agreements with the Travel Channel with comparable
 license agreements prior to the material growth of other revenue
 streams would have a material adverse effect on our financial
 condition and our results of operations and cash flow. Even
 following the growth of other revenue streams, our failure to
 maintain our license agreements with the Travel Channel would be
 detrimental to the viability of the World Poker Tour and PPT
 brands and, consequently, would have a material adverse effect
 on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of
 operations, cash flow and, ultimately, the price of our common
 stock.

Our
 agreements with the Travel Channel grant rights to the Travel
 Channel that could impact the value of our World Poker Tour and
 Professional Poker Tour brands and place some limits on our
 growth. 

While we believe our agreements with the Travel Channel are
 favorable for us, the agreements grant the Travel Channel
 certain rights that could impact the value our World Poker Tour
 and Professional Poker Tour brands and place some limits on our
 growth. For example:

The Travel Channel has options to obtain exclusive
 U.S. telecast rights to the World Poker Tour television
 series through Season Seven, which will not be completed until
 2009, and options for the Professional Poker Tour through Season
 Four, which will not be completed before 2010.

If we elect to discontinue organizing tour stops under the WPT
 or PPT name, the Travel Channel will have a right of first
 negotiation and last refusal to acquire all of our rights to
 continue such activities. This right of first negotiation and
 last refusal may hinder our ability to negotiate with other
 parties who may be interested in purchasing these rights and, as
 a result, could negatively impact the consideration we may
 receive upon any attempt by us to exercise these rights.

If the Travel Channel exercises its options for Seasons Five
 through Seven of the WPT, and provided that the Travel Channel
 is not in material breach of the agreement, the Travel Channel
 will have an exclusive right of first negotiation and last
 refusal with respect to the development and/or production of any
 additional programs covering or presenting WPT tournaments, and
 similar rights with respect to the PPT.

The license fees we receive under our agreements with the Travel
 Channel increase at a prescribed rate for each new season of the
 WPT and remain fixed for each new season of the PPT. As a
 result, obtaining high ratings will not increase the amount of
 telecast license fees we will receive from the Travel Channel
 during the terms of the agreements.

While we have retained worldwide television rights to telecast
 WPT and PPT episodes outside the U.S. and the right to pursue
 other business activities related to the WPT and PPT events and
 brands, the Travel Channel has the right to receive 15 of our
 adjusted gross revenues from all DVD and home video sales,
 merchandising and publishing activities and international
 television licenses.

18

Table of Contents 

Our agreements with the Travel Channel permit us to increase the
 number of televised seasonal tour stops on the WPT up
 to 17, but such increase is subject to the Travel
 Channel s approval of the tournament venue in certain
 instances.

As is customary in most production agreements with television
 networks, the Travel Channel retains final edit rights over the
 WPT and PPT programs that we produce. If the Travel Channel
 exercises these rights in a manner that diminishes the quality
 of our programs or negatively affects relationships that are
 important to our programming, including those with the casinos
 hosting the poker tournaments at which we film our shows, its
 actions could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 prospects, financial condition, results of operations or cash
 flow and, ultimately, the price of our common stock.

In the event we secure a naming rights sponsorship for the WPT
 television series, we are required to remit to the Travel
 Channel 10 of the
 season-over-season 
 increases in the adjusted gross revenue we receive from the
 sponsor for these naming rights.

We are permitted to incorporate an entitlement sponsorship into
 the WPT televised episodes as long as the Travel Channel
 reasonably consents to the sponsor and the sponsor purchases a
 minimum amount of advertising from the Travel Channel. We do not
 share in any advertising revenue paid to the Travel Channel from
 our sponsors. We granted the Travel Channel an exclusive right
 to sell audio-visual sponsorships, other than naming rights, to
 be integrated into our programming, and we have agreed to
 cooperate with the Travel Channel in order to accomplish this
 integration. We are not entitled to share in the Travel
 Channel s proceeds from such sponsorship sales.

We are not permitted to incorporate any sponsorship elements
 into the PPT television series without the Travel Channel s
 mutual consent.

With respect to both the WPT and PPT television series, we are
 subject to holdback provisions that extend beyond the license
 period for each season. These holdback periods may impact our
 ability to resell this programming into secondary markets in the
 U.S. or the timing of such sales.

Our
 success depends on our current brand and any future brands we
 may develop, and if the value of our brands were to diminish,
 our business would be adversely affected. 

Our success depends on our current WPT brand, which consists of
 a portfolio of trademarks, service marks and copyrighted
 materials, and the development of other brands, such as the PPT.
 Our portfolio includes, but is not limited to, existing and
 future episodes of the televised programming produced in
 connection with our existing and future brands and certain
 elements of these episodes, trade names and other intellectual
 property rights and any future brands we develop. In connection
 with our branding and licensing operations, we have entered into
 an agreement with Brandgenuity LLC to seek licensing
 opportunities for the WPT brand. While specific contractual
 provisions require that the licensees brought to us by
 Brandgenuity maintain the quality of our brands, we cannot be
 certain that our licensees or their manufacturers and
 distributors will honor their contractual obligations or that
 they will not take other actions that will diminish the value of
 our brand prior to our ability to detect and prevent any such
 actions.

There
 is a risk that we may not be able to protect the format of our
 episodes, our current and future brands and our other
 proprietary rights. 

We are susceptible to others imitating our television show
 format and other products and infringing on our intellectual
 property rights. We currently believe that several competitive
 poker-related television programs use exhibition methods and
 technology that might infringe on one or more claims of our
 pending patent applications. We have issued letters to the
 producers of these programs, notifying them that we have
 intellectual property rights in such technology, and that we
 intend to vigorously enforce such rights in order to protect our
 proprietary processes. These and other producers of
 poker-related programming may be well established and may have
 significantly greater resources than we do. Litigation may be
 necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights and to
 determine the validity and scope of our proprietary rights. Any
 litigation could result in substantial expense, may reduce our
 profits and may not adequately protect our intellectual property
 rights upon which we are substantially

19

Table of Contents 

dependent. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries do
 not always protect intellectual property rights to the same
 extent as the laws of the U.S. Imitation of our television
 show formats and other products or infringement of our
 intellectual property rights could diminish the value of our
 brands or otherwise adversely affect our revenues.

Any litigation or claims against us based upon our intellectual
 property or other third party rights, whether or not successful,
 could result in substantial costs and harm our reputation. In
 addition, such litigation or claims could force us to do one or
 more of the following: to cease exploitation of our television
 series and related products or portions thereof that violate the
 potentially infringed third party rights or intellectual
 property, which would adversely affect our revenue; to negotiate
 a license from the holder of the intellectual property or other
 right alleged to have been infringed, which license may not be
 available on reasonable terms, if at all; or to modify our
 television series and related products or portions thereof to
 avoid infringing the intellectual property or other rights of a
 third party, which may be costly and time-consuming or
 impossible to accomplish.

Early
 termination of our agreements with member casinos or violation
 by member casinos of the restrictive covenants contained in
 these agreements could negatively affect the size of telecast
 audiences and lead to declines in the performance of all of our
 other lines of business. 

We have entered into written agreements with all of the member
 casinos that host the World Poker Tour and Professional Poker
 Tour tour stops except Aviation Club de France, located in
 Paris, France, which currently participates as a tour stop under
 an unwritten arrangement. The WPT agreements were originally for
 a term of five years and, although some member casinos have a
 bilateral option, most of the agreements provided us with a
 unilateral option to renew on the same terms for another five
 years. In September 2004, we exercised our right to renew most
 of these agreements. However, in each year after its first year
 of participation, the member casino may elect to withdraw its
 tournament from the World Poker Tour lineup and terminate the
 agreement by giving us notice by a specified date or, if
 earlier, a specified length of time before the date of the
 tournament, which is generally four to six months. While the
 agreement is in effect and for varying periods of time
 thereafter, the member casino is prohibited from televising the
 tournament itself, permitting any third party to televise the
 tournament or licensing its name, trademarks or likeness to any
 other party in conjunction with the telecast of a poker
 tournament. If a significant number of these casinos were to
 terminate the agreements and/or allow a competing company to
 telecast their tournaments in violation of these restrictions or
 after their expiration for the restricted time period, this
 could result in a decline in our future telecast audiences,
 which in turn would lead to declines in the performance and
 success of our other lines of business. For the first season of
 the PPT, each member casino signed an agreement covering only
 one event. We anticipate executing new agreements with each
 member casino that participates in subsequent seasons of the
 Professional Poker Tour.

To date, four member casinos that have hosted World Poker Tour
 tour stops have chosen to no longer participate as hosts of
 World Poker Tour events. We have subsequently replaced each of
 these venues with additional tour stops, and do not believe that
 their withdrawal has had a significant impact on the quality of
 the Tour or on our business.

Termination
 or impairment of our relationships with key licensing and
 strategic partners could adversely affect our revenues and
 results of operations. 

We have developed relationships with key strategic partners in
 many areas of our business, including poker tournament event
 sponsorship, merchandise licensing, corporate sponsorship,
 Internet gaming development and international distribution. We
 hope to derive significant income from our licensing
 arrangements, and our agreements with our strategic partners are
 vital to finding these licensing arrangements. If we were to
 fail to manage our existing licensing relationships, this
 failure could have a material adverse effect on our financial
 condition and results of operations. We would also be materially
 adversely affected if we were to lose our rights under any of
 our other key contracts or if the counterparty to any of these
 contracts were to breach its obligations to us. We rely on a
 limited number of contracts under which third parties provide us
 with services vital to our business. These agreements include:

our agreement with Brandgenuity LLC, pursuant to which it
 negotiates third party consumer product licensing agreements;

20

Table of Contents 

our agreements with Alfred Haber Distribution, Inc., pursuant to
 which it identifies potential licensees and negotiates licenses
 to telecast the World Poker Tour and Professional Poker Tour
 television programs on television networks outside of the
 U.S.; and

our agreement with WagerWorks, pursuant to which WagerWorks
 operates and manages our WPT-branded real-money gaming website,
 WPTonline.com. The website is designed not to accept bets from
 players in the U.S. and other restricted jurisdictions. Players
 in these jurisdictions may play on a
 play-for-free 
 version of WPTonline.com.

If our relationship with any of these or certain other third
 parties were to be interrupted, or the services provided by any
 of these third parties were to be delayed or deteriorate for any
 reason without being adequately replaced, our business could be
 materially adversely affected. If we are forced to find a
 replacement for any of these strategic partners, this could
 create disruption in our business and may result in reduced
 revenues, increased costs or diversion of management s
 attention and resources.

In addition, while we have significant control over our licensed
 products and advertising, we do not have operational and
 financial control over these third parties, and we have limited
 influence with respect to the manner in which they conduct their
 businesses. If any of these strategic partners experiences a
 significant downturn in its business or were otherwise unable to
 honor its obligations to us, our business could be materially
 disrupted.

We are currently evaluating the impact of changing our online
 gaming service provider from WagerWorks to another strategic
 partner. We cannot be assured that we will find a suitable
 replacement to WagerWorks or that a transition to such a
 replacement would not result in a material adverse impact to our
 online gaming business.

The
 loss of the services of Steven Lipscomb or other key employees
 or on-air talent or our failure to attract key individuals would
 materially and adversely affect our business. 

We are highly dependent on the services of Steven Lipscomb, who
 is the creator and Executive Producer of the World Poker Tour
 and Professional Poker Tour television series and currently
 serves as our President and Chief Executive Officer. The
 provision of Mr. Lipscomb s services in connection
 with our television series is required under our agreements with
 the Travel Channel. Although we have entered into an employment
 agreement with Mr. Lipscomb governing his employment
 through December 29, 2006, Mr. Lipscomb may elect to
 decrease the level of his involvement with us or terminate his
 employment altogether prior to the expiration of this term. A
 voluntary or involuntary termination of Mr. Lipscomb s
 employment would result in a breach of our agreements with the
 Travel Channel and would have a material adverse effect on our
 business operations and negatively impact the market price of
 our common stock.

Our continued success is also dependent upon retention of other
 key management executives who have been instrumental in our
 success thus far and upon our ability to attract and retain
 employees and on-air talent to implement our corporate
 development strategy and our branding and licensing efforts. The
 loss of some of our senior executives, or an inability to
 attract or retain other key individuals, could materially
 adversely affect us. Growth in our business is dependent, to a
 large degree, on our ability to retain and attract such
 employees. We seek to compensate and provide incentives to our
 key executives, as well as other employees, through competitive
 salaries, stock ownership and bonus plans, but we can make no
 assurance that these programs will allow us to retain key
 employees or hire new employees. In addition, our future success
 may also be affected by the potential need to replace our key
 on-air talent at an inopportune time, such as midway through the
 tapings of a season of the WPT or PPT television programs.

We
 will face a variety of risks as we expand into new or
 complementary businesses in the future. 

Our core operations have consisted of marketing, promoting and
 licensing our televised entertainment, selling, or licensing the
 right to manufacture and sell, our branded merchandise and the
 marketing and promotion of our WPT-branded real-money gaming
 website, WPTonline.com. Our current strategic objectives include
 not only further development and enhancement of our existing
 business but also the entry into new or complementary
 businesses, such as expansion of our current business operations
 into international markets and the development of poker-related
 educational content. We are also exploring other opportunities
 to leverage the World Poker Tour

21

Table of Contents 

brand, including the potential development of additional
 television programming and radio programming, book and magazine
 publishing, creating feature length films for television or
 theatrical release and launching a television network. The
 following risks associated with expanding into new or
 complementary businesses by investment, licensing, acquisition,
 strategic alliance, co-production or other arrangements could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
 results and financial condition and the price of our common
 stock:

potential diversion of management s attention and resources
 from our existing business and an inability to recruit or
 develop the necessary management resources to manage new
 businesses;

unanticipated liabilities or contingencies from new or
 complementary businesses or ventures;

potential operating losses from new business ventures;

reduced earnings due to potential impairment charges, increased
 interest costs and additional costs related to the integration
 of acquisitions;

potential reallocations of resources due to the growing
 complexity of our business and strategy;

competition from companies engaged in the new or complementary
 businesses that we are entering;

possible additional regulatory requirements and compliance costs;

dilution of our stockholders percentage ownership or an
 increase of our leverage when issuing equity or convertible debt
 securities or incurring debt; and

potential unavailability on acceptable terms, or at all, of
 additional financing necessary for expansion.

Our
 further expansion into foreign markets will subject us to
 additional business risks. 

We intend to further expand our business in foreign markets,
 including continued international distribution of our
 U.S. telecasts, creating additional poker tours in foreign
 countries, distributing branded merchandise in foreign countries
 and pursuing Internet gaming ventures in international markets.
 Our international operations could be adversely affected by
 changes in political and economic conditions, trade protection
 measures and the status of regulatory requirements that may
 restrict the sales of our products, increase costs of foreign
 production or other costs or prohibit Internet gaming activities
 in international jurisdictions. Also, changes in exchange rates
 between the U.S. dollar and other currencies could
 potentially result in significant increases or decreases in our
 costs and earnings.

Lakes
 Entertainment, Inc. is our majority shareholder and is able to
 effectively control our management and operations. 

Lakes Entertainment, Inc. through its wholly owned subsidiary,
 Lakes Poker Tour, LLC, owns 12,480,000 shares of our
 outstanding common stock, representing approximately 62 of our
 voting power. Lakes Entertainment, together with our directors
 and executive officers, beneficially owns approximately
 14,823,332 shares of our common stock, which represents
 approximately 74 of our voting power. As a result, Lakes
 Entertainment, either alone or together with our directors and
 executive officers, controls the outcome of all matters
 requiring stockholder approval, including the future merger,
 consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets.
 Therefore, Lakes Entertainment indirectly controls our
 management through the election and removal of members of the
 Board of Directors. This concentrated control could discourage
 others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other
 change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial
 to our stockholders. As a result, the return on your investment
 in our common stock through the market price of our common stock
 or ultimate sale of our business could be adversely affected.

Lakes
 Entertainment, Inc. may make sales of our common stock into the
 market that could depress the price of our common
 stock. 

Lakes Entertainment, Inc. has announced that they are evaluating
 strategic options including, but not limited to, the sale of
 some or all of their shares of our common stock. The outcome of
 this evaluation cannot be reasonably foreseen, and we cannot
 predict the impact it may have on the market price of our common
 stock or on our business. Additionally, in December 2005, we
 entered into an agreement with Lakes Entertainment under which
 we agreed to register the shares of our common stock owned by
 Lakes Entertainment. In February 2006, Lakes Entertainment
 pledged all of such shares to its lender as collateral for a
 loan. We agreed that the registration statement covering the
 resale of such shares would include sales by the lender in the
 event of foreclosure. Under its agreements with its

22

Table of Contents 

lender, Lakes Entertainment is permitted to make sales of shares
 of our common stock, subject to certain limitations. If Lakes
 Entertainment makes significant sales of our common stock, or if
 Lakes Entertainment defaults on the loan and the lender makes
 significant sales of our common stock, these sales could
 adversely affect the market price of our common stock or
 increase the volatility of the market price.

Our
 Board of Directors ability to issue undesignated preferred
 stock and the existence of anti-takeover provisions may depress
 the value of our common stock. 

Our authorized capital includes 20 million shares of
 undesignated preferred stock. Our board of directors has the
 power to issue any or all of the shares of preferred stock,
 including the authority to establish one or more series and to
 fix the powers, preferences, rights and limitations of such
 class or series, without seeking stockholder approval, subject
 to certain limitations on this power under Nasdaq listing
 requirements. Further, as a Delaware corporation, we are subject
 to provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law regarding
 business combinations. We may, in the future,
 consider adopting additional anti-takeover measures. The
 authority of our board to issue undesignated stock and the
 anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law, as well as any future
 anti-takeover measures adopted by us, may, in certain
 circumstances, delay, deter or prevent takeover attempts and
 other changes in control of the company not approved by our
 Board of Directors. As a result, our stockholders may lose
 opportunities to dispose of their shares at favorable prices
 generally available in takeover attempts or that may be
 available under a merger proposal and the market price, voting
 and other rights of the holders of common stock may also be
 affected.

Risks
 Related to Our Industry 

Our
 television programming may be unable to maintain a sufficient
 audience for a variety of reasons, many of which are beyond our
 control. 

Television production is a speculative business because revenues
 and income derived from television depend primarily upon the
 continued acceptance of that programming by the public, which is
 difficult to predict. Public acceptance of particular
 programming is dependent upon, among other things, the quality
 of the programming, the strength of networks on which the
 programming is telecast, the promotion and scheduling of the
 programming and the quality and acceptance of competing
 television programming and other sources of entertainment and
 information. Popularity of programming can also be negatively
 impacted by excessive telecasting of the programming beyond
 viewers saturation thresholds. The World Poker Tour
 television series, while still the highest-rated show on the
 Travel Channel, has had decreased Nielsen ratings in the past
 year in part due to an increasing number of competing
 poker-related shows. If the World Poker Tour television series
 is unable to maintain high ratings throughout the term of the
 Travel Channel agreement, or if the Professional Poker Tour
 fails to build a significant audience, the Travel Channel may
 elect not to exercise its options for additional episodes and
 seasons, in which event we may be unable to negotiate
 U.S. telecast license agreements on terms that are
 favorable, or at all.

Our
 ability to create and license our television programming
 profitably may be negatively affected by adverse trends that
 apply to the television production business
 generally. 

Television revenues and income may be affected by a number of
 factors, many of which are not within our control. These factors
 include a general decline in television viewers, pricing
 pressure in the television advertising industry, strength of the
 stations on which our programming is telecast, general economic
 conditions, increases in production costs and availability of
 other forms of entertainment and leisure time activities. All of
 these factors, as well as others, may quickly change and these
 changes cannot be predicted with certainty. Our future licensing
 opportunities may also be adversely affected by these changes.
 Accordingly, if any of these changes were to occur, the revenues
 and income we generate from television programming could decline.

A
 decline in general economic conditions or the popularity of our
 brand of televised poker tournaments could adversely impact our
 business. 

Because our operations are affected by general economic
 conditions and consumer tastes, our future success is
 unpredictable. The demand for entertainment and leisure
 activities tends to be highly sensitive to consumers 
 disposable incomes and thus a decline in general economic
 conditions could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our
 business,

23

Table of Contents 

operating results and financial condition and the price of our
 common stock. An economic decline could also adversely affect
 our corporate sponsorship business, sales of our branded
 merchandise and other aspects of our business.

The continued popularity of our type of entertainment is vital
 in maintaining the ability to leverage our brand and develop
 products or services that appeal to our target audiences, which,
 in turn, is important to our long-term results of operations.
 Public tastes are unpredictable and subject to change and may be
 affected by changes in the country s political and social
 climate. A change in public opinion could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial
 condition and, ultimately, the price of our common stock.

The
 political or social climate regarding gaming and poker could
 negatively impact our ability to negotiate future telecast
 license arrangements, retain certain of our member casinos or
 pursue Internet gaming ventures as a potential source of future
 revenue. 

Although the popularity of poker, in particular, and gaming, in
 general, has recently been growing in the U.S. and abroad,
 gaming has historically experienced backlash from various
 constituencies and communities. Currently, the legal status of
 Internet-based casinos and cardrooms is unclear under
 U.S. law and under the laws of other countries. Based on
 the uncertain regulatory environment surrounding the marketing
 and promotion of Internet-based casinos and cardrooms to viewers
 in the U.S., the Travel Channel, which has final edit rights to
 the shows that it telecasts, has indicated it will likely not
 display the dot com names or logos of Internet-based
 casinos and cardrooms in its telecasts, although it has
 expressed a willingness to display names and logos from strictly
 play-for-free 
 dot net websites from our member casinos. Of the
 three Internet cardrooms that have been World Poker Tour member
 casinos, two have recently terminated their agreements with us
 to be member casinos, and the third has indicated that it may
 terminate its agreement with us. Those withdrawals forced us to
 seek tournaments to replace those hosted by those online
 cardrooms with other events. Although we were able to secure
 other tournaments to replace the tournaments held by the
 withdrawing members, we may be unable to replace other
 tournaments, if other member casinos terminate their agreements
 with us without adversely impacting our production schedule. If
 our production schedule is impacted, it could have an adverse
 effect on our operating results during the applicable season.

U.S. federal prosecutors have contended that online
 gambling sites are illegal, and the U.S. government has
 been trying to curb the activities of offshore Internet casinos
 by investigating and pressuring American companies that provide
 services to these sites on the theory that they are aiding and
 abetting the operations. As part of these activities,
 U.S. marshals seized funds from the Travel Channel s
 parent company, Discovery Communications, Inc., that initially
 belonged to a Costa Rica-based Internet casino operation that
 paid Discovery Communications for television spots to advertise
 an online poker room. This focus on Internet gambling sites may
 eliminate these sites as sources of advertising revenue for
 television networks that exhibit poker-related programming,
 thereby potentially impacting the value of such programming to
 these networks. If this occurs, it may negatively affect our
 ability to negotiate future telecast license arrangements on
 terms that are most advantageous to us.

Government
 regulation of online gaming in foreign countries may restrict
 the activities or affect the financial results of our online
 venture that is under development. 

On February 3, 2005, we finalized an agreement with a
 subsidiary of WagerWorks, Inc. to develop a WPT-branded
 real-money gaming website. The site, WPTonline.com, officially
 launched on June 29, 2005. WPTonline.com does not accept
 bets from players in the U.S. and other restricted
 jurisdictions. Players in these jurisdictions may play on a
 play-for-free 
 version of WPTonline.com. The website is hosted from Alderney,
 one of the United Kingdom s Channel Islands. While the
 website is licensed by the Alderney Gambling Control Commission,
 and while we believe that WagerWorks is in compliance with all
 international Internet gaming regulations, we cannot be certain
 that WagerWorks will be allowed to accept wagers in all the
 markets we plan to enter. Pursuant to our agreement with
 WagerWorks, we are reliant on the revenues derived from the
 license of rights to WagerWorks. We are also reliant on
 WagerWorks for compliance with all applicable regulations,
 including ongoing verification that improper wagers are not
 placed on WPTonline.com. If WagerWorks compliance or
 verification is inadequate, regulators in the U.S. or other
 jurisdictions may impose fines or other sanctions or threaten or
 take other actions that could adversely affect our reputation
 and the revenues we derive from the license of rights to
 WagerWorks. We continue to monitor the legality of Internet
 gaming in domestic and international jurisdictions, but cannot
 be certain

24

Table of Contents 

that changes in existing regulations will be beneficial to the
 online gaming market. Additionally, we expect that on-air
 promotion of WPTonline.com via international World Poker Tour
 television telecasts will continue to be a primary marketing
 tool for driving poker players to the site. However, certain
 territories and foreign networks may restrict us from
 incorporating marketing elements related to our online site into
 our international telecasts and certain laws or regulations may
 restrict the type of advertising in general in those
 territories. If these restrictions occur, our costs of customer
 acquisition may be substantially higher than anticipated.

Internet
 gaming is a relatively new industry and, therefore, we do not
 know if the market will continue to develop and our products and
 services to be offered through our online gaming website,
 WPTonline.com, will be in demand. 

Internet gaming is a relatively new industry that continues to
 rapidly evolve and is characterized by an increasing number of
 market entrants. Our online gaming website, WPTonline.com, is
 still in its initial stages of developing a player base. If the
 Internet gaming market becomes saturated with competitors, or if
 our products and services to be offered through our online
 gaming website do not achieve market acceptance, we could incur
 losses in connection with our investment in our online venture
 with WagerWorks and our future business, operating results and
 financial condition could be adversely affected.

Our
 quarterly results may fluctuate, causing fluctuation of our
 stock price that may negatively affect the value of our common
 stock. 

Under our license agreements for the WPT and PPT, the Travel
 Channel pays us for each episode upon delivery. Therefore, our
 quarterly revenue can fluctuate significantly depending on the
 number of episodes delivered in any one quarter. In addition,
 the sales of consumer products that utilize our licensed
 intellectual property vary greatly, due to holiday seasons,
 school schedules, season changes and other outside factors. As a
 result, our financial results can be expected to fluctuate
 significantly from quarter to quarter, leading to volatility and
 a possible adverse effect on the market price of our common
 stock.

The
 television entertainment market in which we operate is highly
 competitive and competitors with greater financial resources or
 marketplace presence may enter our markets to our
 detriment. 

We compete with other poker-related television programming,
 including ESPN s coverage of the World Series of Poker, Fox
 Sports Net s exhibition of the Late Night Poker television
 show, NBC s exhibition of the NBC National Heads-Up Poker
 Championship and Bravo s exhibition of the Celebrity Poker
 Showdown, among others. These and other producers of
 poker-related programming may be well established and may have
 significantly greater resources than we do. Based on the
 popularity of these poker-related televised programs, we believe
 that additional competing televised poker programs may currently
 be in development or may be developed in the future. Our
 programming also competes for telecast audiences and advertising
 revenue with telecasts of mainstream professional and amateur
 sports, as well as other entertainment and leisure activities.
 These competing programs and activities and brands that may
 result therefrom may decrease the popularity of the World Poker
 Tour or Professional Poker Tour series and dilute our brands.
 This would adversely affect our operating results and financial
 condition and, ultimately, the price of our common stock.

The
 online gaming market in which we operate is highly competitive
 and competition with greater financial resources or marketplace
 presence may make it difficult for our online gaming venture to
 gain any market share. 

Our online gaming website, WPTonline.com, faces competition from
 several larger, more experienced and established online gaming
 websites, including PartyPoker.com which is estimated by
 PokerPulse.com, a website that tracks the number of players in
 online poker rooms, to maintain over a 50 market share in the
 global poker market, PokerStars.com, UltimateBet.com and many
 others. These and other competitors have significant marketing
 and operational experience advantages over us. In addition, the
 U.S. Department of Justice believes online gaming is
 illegal in the U.S. Our competitors accept bets from players in
 the U.S., where the bulk of the world s poker players are
 located, which gives these competitors a significant advantage
 since WPTonline.com does not permit bets from U.S. players.
 If we are not able to compete successfully with these other
 operators and build market share, it would adversely affect our
 operating results and financial condition and, ultimately, the
 price of our common stock.

25

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved
 Staff Comments 

Not applicable.

Item 2. 

Properties 

Corporate
 Office Facility 

We currently lease approximately 16,000 square feet of
 executive office space located in Los Angeles, California. The
 lease commenced in March 2005 with a term of seventy-five months
 and an annual base rent of approximately 475,000. In addition,
 we film our poker tournaments at casinos throughout the world
 pursuant to agreements with our member casinos.

Item 3. 

Legal
 Matters 

In late 2005 and early 2006, we were involved in a dispute with
 the Travel Channel in connection with licensing the PPT for
 telecast. Under the WPT agreements between us and the Travel
 Channel, the Travel Channel is afforded the right to negotiate
 with us with respect to certain types of programming developed
 by us during a
 sixty-day 
 period. Pursuant to the WPT agreements, we had submitted the PPT
 to the Travel Channel and began negotiations, but failed to
 reach an agreement with the Travel Channel within the allotted
 negotiation window. Consequently, we began discussions with
 other networks. While we later revived our attempts to reach a
 deal with the Travel Channel after its exclusive bargaining
 window had ended, we ultimately received an offer from another
 network. We submitted this offer to the Travel Channel pursuant
 to its contractual last right to match the deal as specified
 under the WPT agreements. Thereafter, the Travel Channel sent
 letters to us and the other broadcaster asserting, among other
 things, that we were not entitled to complete a deal for the PPT
 with a third party.

In response to the Travel Channel s communications, we
 filed suit in California Superior Court in September 2005,
 alleging that the Travel Channel had interfered with our
 prospective contractual relationship with a third party as well
 as attempted to contravene our express contractual right to
 produce non-World Poker Tour branded programs covering poker
 tournaments. After a series of motions and cross-motions between
 the parties, on January 25, 2006, we settled the dispute
 and entered into a settlement agreement with the Travel Channel,
 as well as agreements with the Travel Channel with respect to
 certain amendments to the WPT agreements and the licensing of
 the PPT for telecast on the Travel Channel.

We are not currently a party to any material litigation and are
 not aware of any threatened litigation that would have a
 material adverse effect on our business.

Item 4. 

Submission
 of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

None.

26

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder
 Matters 

The Company s common stock trades on the Nasdaq National
 Market under the symbol WPTE.

The high and low sales prices per share of the Company s
 common stock for each full quarterly period within the two most
 recent fiscal years are indicated below, as reported on the
 Nasdaq National Market:

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Year Ended

January 1, 2006 
 High

20.97

24.40

29.50

9.07

Low

11.27

11.88

8.30

5.65

Year Ended

January 1, 2005 
 High

11.00

17.48

Low

6.32

7.65

On March 2, 2006, the last reported sale price for the
 common stock was 6.70 per share. As of March 2, 2006,
 the Company had approximately 4,886 shareholders of record.

The Company has never paid any cash dividends with respect to
 its common stock, and the current policy of the Board of
 Directors is to retain any earnings to provide for the growth of
 the Company. The payment of cash dividends in the future, if
 any, will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and
 will depend on such factors as earnings levels, capital
 requirements, our overall financial condition and any other
 factors deemed relevant by the Company s Board of Directors.

27

Table of Contents 

Item 6. 

Selected
 Financial Data 

The Selected Financial Data presented below should be read in
 conjunction with the Financial Statements and Supplemental
 Data and Management s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations both of
 which are included elsewhere in this
 Form 10-K. 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

January 1, 2006 

January 2, 2005 

December 28, 2003 

Revenues

18,063

17,557

4,260

Gross profit

8,076

7,313

1,573

Expenses:

Selling and administrative

13,926

6,501

1,817

Depreciation

161

131

107

Earnings (loss) from operations

(6,011

681

(351

Interest income

1,017

146

Interest expense, related party

(34

(142

Income tax provision

(9

(41

Net earnings (loss)

(5,003

752

(493

Net earnings (loss) per common
 share basic

(0.26

0.05

(0.04

Net earnings (loss) per common
 share diluted

(0.26

0.04

(0.04

Weighted average common shares
 outstanding basic

19,575

15,856

13,213

Dilutive effect of restricted stock

1,293

Dilutive effect of stock options

901

Dilutive effect of common stock
 subject to repurchase

30

Weighted average common shares
 outstanding diluted

19,575

18,080

13,213

January 1, 2006 

January 2, 2005 

Balance Sheet Data:

Current assets

33,793

35,959

Total assets

46,260

37,113

Current liabilities

7,887

4,926

Note payable to parent

Deficit

(6,208

(1,205

Selected
 Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited): 

Year
 ended January 1, 2006 (in thousands, except per share
 amounts): 

Q1 

Q2 

Q3 

Q4 

Revenues

4,103

6,600

2,128

5,232

Gross profit

915

2,223

1,567

3,370

Loss from operations

(1,858

(650

(1,808

(1,695

Net loss

(1,602

(426

(1,554

(1,420

Loss per share:

Basic and diluted

(0.08

(0.02

(0.08

(0.07

28

Table of Contents 

Year
 ended January 2, 2005 (in thousands, except per share
 amounts): 

Q1 

Q2 

Q3 

Q4 

Revenues

4,140

4,719

2,974

5,725

Gross profit

1,668

2,074

1,032

2,540

Earnings (loss) from operations

833

876

(520

(508

Net earnings (loss)

792

887

(468

(459

Earnings (loss) per share:

Basic

0.06

0.06

(0.03

(0.02

Diluted

0.05

0.06

(0.03

(0.02

Year
 ended December 28, 2003 (in thousands, except per share
 amounts): 

Q1 

Q2 

Q3 

Q4 

Revenues

550

2,954

377

379

Gross profit (loss)

(370

1,784

97

62

Earnings (loss) from operations

(693

1,361

(413

(606

Net earnings (loss)

(730

1,324

(442

(645

Earnings (loss) per share:

Basic

(0.06

0.10

(0.03

(0.05

Diluted

(0.06

0.08

(0.03

(0.05

Item 7. 

Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations 

Overview 

We create branded entertainment and consumer products driven by
 the development, production and marketing of televised
 programming based on gaming themes. Our World Poker
 Tour ,
 or WPT, television series, based on a series of high-stakes
 poker tournaments, airs in the U.S. on the Travel Channel
 and in more than 140 territories globally. We have four
 operating units:

WPT Studios , our multi-media entertainment division,
 generates revenue through the domestic and international
 licensing of broadcast and telecast rights and through casino
 host fees. Since our inception, the WPT Studios division has
 been responsible for approximately 76 of our total revenue. We
 license the WPT series to the Travel Channel, L.L.C. (TRV or
 Travel Channel) for telecast in the United States under an
 exclusive license agreement. We also have license agreements for
 the distribution of our World Poker Tour episodes in over 140
 territories, for which we receive license fees, net of our
 agent s sales fee and agreed upon sales and marketing
 expenses. In addition, we recently signed a license agreement
 with TRV to telecast our new Professional Poker
 Tour TM ,
 or PPT, series, which is expected to begin airing in the third
 quarter of 2006. We also collect annual host fees from the
 member casinos that host World Poker Tour events (our member
 casinos).

We have entered into a series of agreements with TRV for the
 U.S. distribution of the WPT television series (the WPT
 Agreements). Since our inception, fees from TRV under the WPT
 Agreements have been responsible for approximately 61 of our
 total revenue. For each season covered by the WPT Agreements and
 related options, TRV has exclusive rights to exhibit the
 episodes in that season an unlimited number of times on its
 television network (or any other television network owned by
 Discovery Communications) in the U.S. for four years (three
 years for the episodes in Season One). We have produced three
 complete seasons of the World Poker Tour series under the WPT
 Agreements, and Season Four is currently in production. TRV also
 has options to license the following three seasons (Seasons Five
 through Seven).

Under the WPT Agreements, TRV pays fixed license fees for each
 episode we produce, which are payable at various times during
 the pre-production, production and post-production process and
 are recognized upon TRV s receipt and acceptance of the
 completed episode. Television production costs related to WPT
 episodes are generally capitalized and charged to the cost of
 revenues as revenues are recognized. Therefore, the timing and
 number of

29

Table of Contents 

episodes involved in the various seasons of the series affect
 the timing of the revenues and expenses of the WPT Studios
 business. The following table describes the timing of Seasons
 One through Four of the World Poker Tour series, including the
 delivery and exhibition of the episodes each season:

Number of 

Date of TRV 

Episodes 

Production Period 

World Poker 

Agreement or 

(Including 

and Delivery of 

Initial Telecast of 

Tour Season 

Option for Season 

Specials) 

Episodes to TRV 

Episodes in Season 

Season One

January 2003

15

February
 2002 June 2003

March 2003 June 2003

Season Two

August 2003

25

July
 2003 June 2004

December 2003 September
 2004

Season Three

May 2004

21

May
 2004 April 2005

October
 2004 August 2005

Season Four

March 2005

21

May
 2005 April 2006

October
 2005 June 2006

(expected)

We have also entered into an agreement with TRV for the
 U.S. distribution of the PPT television series. Similar to
 the WPT Agreements and related options, TRV has exclusive rights
 to exhibit the PPT episodes in that season an unlimited number
 of times on its television network (or any other television
 network owned by Discovery Communications) in the U.S. for
 four years. We are currently in production on Season One of the
 PPT, and TRV has options to license the following three seasons
 (Seasons Two through Four). In accordance with our accounting
 policy of not capitalizing production costs until a firm
 commitment for distribution is in place, we expensed
 approximately 4.3 million of production expenses related
 to the Professional Poker Tour through January 1, 2006.
 With the agreement to telecast the PPT now complete we will
 capitalize additional expenses associated with the production of
 the show beginning in the first quarter of 2006 to be expensed
 as episodes are delivered to the Travel Channel.

Further, under the WPT and PPT Agreements, TRV has the right to
 receive a percentage of our adjusted gross revenues from
 international television licenses, product licensing and
 publishing, merchandising and certain other sources, after
 specified minimum amounts are met.

WPT Consumer Products , our branded consumer products
 division, generates revenues principally through royalties from
 the licensing of our brand to companies seeking to use the World
 Poker Tour brand and logo in the retail sales of their consumer
 products. In addition, this business unit generates revenue from
 direct sales of company-produced branded merchandise. We have
 generated significant revenues from existing licensees,
 including US Playing Card, mForma, Jakks Pacific, and MDI. We
 also have a number of licensees that are developing new licensed
 products including slot machines from IGT, and interactive
 television games from Pixel Play.

WPT Corporate Alliances , our sponsorship and event
 management division, generates revenue through corporate
 sponsorship and management of televised and live events. Our
 sponsorship program uses the professional sports model as a
 method to foster entitlement sponsorship opportunities and
 naming rights to major corporations. Anheuser-Busch has been the
 largest source of revenues through its sponsorship of Seasons
 Two and Three of the World Poker Tour series on TRV. During the
 third quarter of 2005, Anheuser-Busch announced that its
 sponsorship in Season Four will now feature its largest brand,
 Budweiser, as the official beer of the World Poker Tour on the
 Travel Channel.

WPT Online Gaming , our online poker and casino gaming
 division, generates revenue through our agreement with
 WagerWorks, Inc. (WagerWorks) pursuant to which we granted to
 WagerWorks a license to utilize the WPT brand to create a
 WPT-branded online gaming website, WPTonline.com, which features
 an online poker room and an online casino with a broad selection
 of slots and table games. In exchange for the license to
 WagerWorks of our brand, WagerWorks shares with us a percentage
 of all net revenue it collects from the operation of the online
 poker room and online casino. Although any Internet user can
 access WPTonline.com via the World Wide Web, the website does
 not permit bets to be made from players in the U.S. and other
 restricted jurisdictions. WPTonline.com officially launched on
 June 29, 2005 and has generated approximately
 0.9 million in revenue through January 1, 2006,
 compared to costs of revenues of approximately 0.4 million
 and sales and marketing expenses of approximately
 2.5 million.

30

Table of Contents 

Critical
 Accounting Estimates and Policies 

Although our financial statements necessarily make use of
 certain accounting estimates by management, except as described
 below, we believe there are no matters that are the subject of
 such estimates that are so highly uncertain or susceptible to
 change as to present a significant risk of a material impact on
 our financial condition or operating performance. Moreover,
 except as described below, we do not employ any critical
 accounting policies that are selected from among available
 alternatives or require the exercise of significant management
 judgment to apply.

Revenue recognition: Revenue from the domestic
 and international distribution of our television series is
 recognized as earned under the following criteria established by
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Statement
 of Position (SOP)
 No. 00-2, 
 Accounting by Producers or Distributors of Films:

Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists;

The show/episode is complete, and in accordance with the terms
 of the arrangement, has been delivered or is available for
 immediate and unconditional delivery;

The license period has begun and the customer can begin its
 exploitation, exhibition or sale;

The seller s price to the buyer is fixed and
 determinable; and

Collectibility is reasonably assured.

In accordance with the terms of the WPT and PPT Agreements, we
 recognize domestic television license revenues upon the receipt
 and acceptance of completed episodes. However, due to
 restrictions and practical limitations applicable to our
 operating relationships with foreign networks, we currently do
 not consider collectibility of international television license
 revenues to be reasonably assured until the international
 distributor has received payment, and accordingly, we do not
 recognize such revenue until that time. Additionally, we present
 international distribution license fee revenues net of the
 distributor s fees, as the distributor is the primary
 obligor in the transaction with the ultimate customer pursuant
 to the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Emerging
 Issues Task Force (EITF) 99-19, Reporting Revenue Gross as a
 Principal versus Net as an Agent.

Product licensing revenues are recognized when the underlying
 royalties from the sales of the related products are earned. We
 recognize minimum revenue guarantees ratably over the term of
 the license or as earned royalties based on actual sales of the
 related products, if greater. We present product licensing fees
 gross of licensing commissions, which are recorded as selling
 and administrative expenses as we are the primary obligor in the
 transaction with the ultimate customer pursuant to
 EITF 99-19.

Online gaming revenues are recognized monthly based on detailed
 statements received from WagerWorks, our online gaming service
 provider, for online poker and casino activity during the
 previous month. In accordance with EITF 99-19, we present
 online gaming revenues gross of WagerWorks costs, including
 WagerWorks management fee, royalties, credit card processing and
 chargebacks that are recorded as cost of revenues, since we have
 the ability to adjust price and specifications of the online
 gaming site, we bear the majority of the credit risk and we are
 responsible for the sales and marketing of the gaming site. We
 include certain promotional expenses related to free bets and
 deposit bonuses along with customer chargebacks as deductions of
 revenue. All other promotional expenses are generally recorded
 as sales and marketing expenses.

Event hosting fees are paid by host casinos for the privilege of
 hosting the events and are recognized as the episodes that
 feature the host casino are aired. Sponsorship revenues are
 recognized as the episodes that feature the sponsor are aired.
 Licensing advances and guaranteed payments collected, but not
 yet earned by us, as well as casino host fees and sponsorship
 receipts collected prior to the airing of episodes, are
 classified as deferred revenue in the accompanying balance
 sheets.

31

Table of Contents 

Deferred television costs: We account for
 deferred television costs in accordance with
 SOP No. 00-2. 
 Deferred television costs include capitalizable direct costs,
 production overhead and development costs and are stated at the
 lower of cost or net realizable value based on anticipated
 revenue. We have not currently anticipated any revenues in
 excess of those subject to existing contractual relationships,
 since we have insufficient operating history to enable such
 anticipation. Accordingly, television costs related to the new
 PPT series were expensed as incurred, since a licensing
 agreement had not been executed and the Company did not have a
 firm distribution commitment for the series. However, in January
 2006, the Company signed a distribution agreement for the PPT
 with Discovery Communications, Inc., the parent company of the
 Travel Channel, therefore, ongoing PPT television costs will be
 capitalized beginning in the first quarter of 2006, and will be
 expensed as episodes are delivered to the Travel Channel.
 Marketing, distribution and general and administrative costs are
 expensed as incurred. Capitalized television production costs
 for each episode are expensed as revenues are recognized upon
 delivery and acceptance by the Travel Channel of the completed
 episode. Management currently estimates that 100 of capitalized
 television costs at January 1, 2006, will be expensed by
 the end of fiscal 2006.

Investment: Until October 2005, we had an
 investment, consisting of a 15 equity interest (carried at a
 nominal cost basis) in and a loan receivable from PokerTek, a
 company formed in August 2003 to develop and market the PokerPro
 system, an electronic poker table designed to provide a fully
 automated poker room environment, to tribal casinos, commercial
 casinos and card clubs. As a result of PokerTek s public
 offering in October 2005, our ownership interest was diluted to
 11.7 (See Note 6 to our financial statements). Lyle
 Berman, who is our Executive Chairman of the Board, and his son
 Bradley Berman collectively own approximately 9 of PokerTek as
 of January 1, 2006. Lyle Berman also serves as Chairman of
 the Board of PokerTek, and received options to
 purchase 200,000 shares of common stock in the company.

As discussed in Note 6 to the financial statements, we
 accounted for this investment as available for sale 
 pursuant to SFAS 115, Accounting for Certain Investments
 in Debt and Equity Securities , and adjusted the investment
 to fair market value of 10.6 million at January 1,
 2006, with a change in fair market value accounted for as other
 comprehensive income in the Statement of Stockholder s
 Equity.

Income taxes: Prior to our conversion from
 World Poker Tour, LLC, to a C-Corporation in July 2004, we were
 not a tax-paying entity for federal and state income tax
 purposes. The member s allocable share of our taxable
 income (loss) was taxed on the member s income tax returns.
 Therefore, no provision or liability for federal or state income
 taxes had been included in the financial statements. Upon
 conversion, we became liable for federal and state taxes on
 taxable income earned subsequent to the conversion.

We must assess the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be
 recovered from future taxable income and to the extent
 management believes that recovery is not likely, we must
 establish a valuation allowance. Our current growth plans
 potentially may include international expansion, primarily
 related to our online gaming business, expansion of our
 television and product licensing businesses, industry
 consolidation and acquisitions and entry into new branded gaming
 businesses. Although we anticipate that all potential strategies
 will be accretive to earnings, we are aware of the risks
 involved with an aggressive growth strategy. Therefore, based on
 our limited earnings history and current level of uncertainty,
 combined with our cautious optimism, we believe a valuation
 allowance continues to be appropriate for deferred tax assets.

Stock-based compensation: To date we have
 accounted for equity-based employee compensation under the
 recognition and measurement principles of APB Opinion
 No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees and
 related Interpretations . Compensation expense for stock
 option grants issued to employees is recorded to the extent the
 fair market value of the stock on the date of grant exceeds the
 option price. Compensation expense for restricted stock grants
 is measured based on the fair market value of the stock on the
 date of grant. The compensation expense is amortized ratably
 over the vesting period of the awards.

We account for equity-based consultant compensation according to
 the recognition and measurement principles of EITF 96-18,
 Accounting for Equity Instruments that are Issued to Other
 Than Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling,
 Goods or Services. Compensation expense for stock option
 grants issued to consultants is recorded at the fair market
 value of the options at the measurement date, defined as the
 date the options vest and services have been provided.

32

Table of Contents 

Recently
 issued accounting pronouncements 

Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123
 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment
 (SFAS No. 123R) was issued in December 2004 and
 requires that compensation cost related to all share-based
 compensation transactions be recognized in the financial
 statements. Share-based employee compensation transactions
 within the scope of SFAS No. 123R include stock
 options, restricted stock plans, performance-based awards, stock
 appreciation rights and employee share purchase plans. We have
 not completed our evaluation or determined the future impact of
 adopting SFAS No. 123R, which may be material to our
 results of operations when adopted during the first quarter of
 fiscal year 2006 and thereafter. See Note 2 to our
 financial statements for more information about WPTE s
 accounting for equity-based compensation expenses, including the
 pro-forma effects on the periods presented had we applied
 SFAS 123.

In May 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No. 154,
 Accounting Changes and Error Corrections, a replacement of
 APB Opinion No. 20 and SFAS No. 3. 
 SFAS No. 154 replaces APB Opinion No. 20,
 Accounting Changes and SFAS No. 3, Reporting
 Accounting Changes in Interim Financial Statements and
 changes the requirement for the accounting for and reporting of
 a change in accounting principles whenever the newly adopted
 standard does not include specific transition provisions. The
 provisions of SFAS No. 154 will be effective for
 accounting changes made in the fiscal year beginning after
 December 15, 2005. We do not presently expect to enter into
 any accounting changes in the foreseeable future that would be
 affected by adopting SFAS No. 154 when it becomes
 effective.

Results
 of Operations 

Fiscal
 Year Ended January 1, 2006 (Fiscal 2005) Compared to
 Fiscal Year Ended January 2, 2005
 (Fiscal 2004) 

Revenues. Our total revenues increased by
 0.5 million (2.9 during fiscal 2005 compared to fiscal
 2004. Domestic television license fees decreased
 5.1 million (39.9 in 2005 compared to 2004. The decrease
 is primarily attributable to the delivery of 13 episodes of
 Season Three and 5 episodes of Season Four in 2005 (18 total
 episodes) compared to 24 episodes of Season Two and 8 episodes
 of Season Three in 2004 (32 total episodes). Product licensing
 revenues increased 2.5 million (126.9 in 2005 compared
 to 2004. This increase is primarily due to a full year of
 licensing efforts. International television license fees
 increased 1.7 million (152.0 due to increased
 distribution agreements in fiscal 2005. Online gaming, host
 fees, sponsorship and merchandise revenues also increased
 1.4 million (79.2 in 2005 compared to 2004, of which
 0.9 million is due to the online gaming launch during 2005.

Cost of Revenues. Cost of revenues decreased
 by approximately 0.3 million (2.5 in 2005 compared to
 2004. The decrease was primarily due to a fewer number of
 episodes being delivered to TRV during 2005 compared to 2004 (18
 episodes vs. 32 episodes, respectively), as well as decreased
 consultant stock option expense of approximately
 0.4 million. This decrease was partially offset by
 increases of 2.9 million in PPT production costs expensed,
 as well as the addition of online gaming cost of revenues.

Gross Margins. Overall gross margins were 45 
 in 2005 compared to 42 in 2004. Domestic television licensing
 margins were (9 in 2005 compared to 22 in 2004, with the
 decrease due primarily to an increase of approximately
 2.9 million in production costs related to the PPT
 expensed in 2005. The revenue increases in 2005 in product
 licensing and international television helped contribute to the
 higher overall gross margins in 2005.

Selling and administrative expenses. Selling
 and administrative expenses increased 7.4 million (114.2 in 2005 compared with 2004. This increase was primarily due to
 an additional 2.5 million in sales and marketing costs
 related to the WPTonline.com launch incurred during 2005,
 0.7 million in additional licensing commissions due to a
 full year of product licensing efforts and 3.4 million as
 a result of additional headcount, legal and audit fees incurred
 during 2005 associated with development, growth and regulatory
 compliance costs.

Interest income. Interest income increased by
 0.9 million (808.0 for 2005 compared to 2004, primarily
 due to higher cash and short-term investment balances, related
 to the proceeds of our initial public offering, throughout 2005.

33

Table of Contents 

Taxes. Provision for income taxes was 9,000
 and 41,000 for 2005 and 2004, respectively, and the effective
 tax rate for 2005 and 2004 was 0.2 and 5.2 , respectively. As
 of January 1, 2006, we had federal net operating losses of
 approximately 17.2 million 5.8 million related to
 operations and 11.4 million related to stock option
 exercises) and state net operating losses of 17.3 million
 5.9 million related to operations and 11.4 million
 related to stock option exercises).

Outlook 

Revenues in the first quarter of fiscal 2006 are forecasted to
 be in the range of 6.5 7.0 million. We
 expect to deliver six episodes of Season Four of the World Poker
 Tour in the first quarter of 2006, with the remainder of Season
 Four episodes to be delivered in the second quarter of 2006.
 Additionally, we expect to deliver the first four episodes of
 Season Five of the World Poker Tour by the end of 2006. We
 expect to deliver all twenty-four episodes of Season One of the
 PPT during the first three quarters of 2006, and the first five
 episodes of Season Two of the PPT in the fourth quarter of 2006.
 Margins for the PPT will be higher in the first few quarters of
 2006 as certain production costs have already been expensed. We
 expect to continue to increase sales and marketing expenses
 related to WPTonline.com during 2006 in order to increase player
 traffic on the site. Finally, beginning in the first quarter of
 2006, operating and net income will be negatively impacted by
 the adoption of SFAS 123R, requiring the company to expense
 employee stock options.

We have engaged Thomas Weisel Partners, LLC as our financial
 advisor to assist us in exploring strategic alternatives,
 including, but not limited to, the sale or merger of the
 business with another entity offering strategic opportunities
 for growth. There can be no assurance that the exploration of
 strategic alternatives will result in a transaction.

Fiscal
 Year Ended January 2, 2005 (Fiscal 2004) Compared to
 Fiscal Year Ended December 28, 2003 (Fiscal
 2003) 

Revenues. Our total revenues increased by
 13.3 million (312.1 for fiscal 2004 compared to fiscal
 2003. Domestic television license fees increased
 8.8 million (227.5 in 2004 compared to 2003. The
 increased license fees resulted from the delivery of 24 episodes
 of Season Two programming and 8 episodes of Season Three
 programming in 2004 (32 total episodes) compared to 15 episodes
 of Season One programming and 1 episode of Season Two
 programming in fiscal 2003 (16 total episodes). International
 television licensing, product licensing revenues, casino host
 fees, sponsorship and merchandise revenues increased by
 4.5 million (1,186.4 in 2004 compared to 2003, primarily
 due to the introduction of our international television and
 product licensing businesses in 2004.

Cost of revenues. Cost of revenues increased
 by 7.5 million (281.2 in 2004 compared to 2003. The
 increase was primarily due to a greater number of episodes being
 delivered to the Travel Channel during 2004 compared to 2003 (32
 and 16, respectively). The increase was also partially due
 to approximately 0.7 million of production costs incurred
 in 2004 related to the premiere season of the Professional Poker
 Tour television series (PPT), which were expensed as incurred
 since a distribution agreement for the PPT had not been
 completed. There was also an increase of 1.0 million in
 equity-based compensation in 2004 compared to 2003, resulting
 primarily from the increased value of stock options granted to
 consultants that vested during 2004. Another factor that reduced
 costs in 2003 was that production costs of 1.0 million
 incurred in 2002 relating to Season One of the WPT series were
 expensed, rather than being capitalized and recognized in 2003
 when the corresponding revenues were recognized. These costs
 were expensed in 2002 because an agreement with TRV for
 distribution of the WPT series had not yet been signed.

Gross Margins. Overall gross margins were 42 
 in 2004 compared to 37 in 2003. Domestic television licensing
 margins were 22 in 2004 compared to 32 in 2003. Domestic
 television gross margins in 2004 were lower due to approximately
 1.2 million in equity-based compensation expense (compared
 to 0.1 million in 2003) and 0.7 million in
 production costs related to the PPT. Revenues from international
 television licensing and product licensing, which were not
 present during 2003, were the key drivers for the increase in
 gross margins in 2004.

34

Table of Contents 

Selling and administrative expenses. Selling
 and administrative expenses increased by 4.7 million
 (257.8 in 2004 compared to 2003. Part of the increase in 2004
 was the result of increased personnel costs of 1.5 million
 due to the growth of the company. Additionally, professional
 service fees increased by 1.7 million due to increased
 costs related to our becoming a publicly-held company. Sales and
 marketing expenses increased by 0.9 million in 2004
 compared to 2003, primarily due to commissions paid to our
 third-party licensing agent for consumer product licensing.

Interest income and interest expense. Interest
 income was 0.1 million during 2004 due to higher cash and
 short-term investment balances related to the proceeds of our
 initial public offering. Interest expense decreased by
 0.1 million in 2004 compared to 2003 due to the payoff of
 our credit line with Lakes Entertainment in 2004.

Taxes. Provision for income taxes was 41,000
 for 2004, and the effective tax rate for 2004 was 5.2 . Prior to
 our conversion to a corporation in July 2004, we were not a
 tax-paying entity for federal and state income tax purposes.
 Therefore, no provision or liability for federal or state income
 taxes had been included in the financial statements until the
 conversion.

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 

From our inception through August 13, 2004, we funded our
 startup costs, operating costs and capital expenditures through
 loans from our majority equity owner, Lakes Poker Tour, LLC
 (Lakes Poker Tour), a wholly owned subsidiary of Lakes
 Entertainment, Inc. On August 13, 2004, we completed an
 initial public offering of our common stock. After deducting the
 underwriting discounts and commissions and the total offering
 expenses, we received net proceeds from our initial public
 offering of approximately 32.4 million. At January 1,
 2006, we had cash and short-term investments aggregating
 28.5 million.

Our principal cash requirements consist of television production
 costs, payroll and benefits, professional fees, marketing costs,
 business insurance and office lease costs. In 2005, we also
 invested significant capital resources in connection with our
 online venture, WPTonline.com and had aggregate negative
 operating and investing cash flow of 3.0 million. We
 intend to use existing funds for working capital and capital
 expenditures associated with the expansion of our media, online
 gaming and other businesses and for general corporate purposes.
 We expect that cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments
 will be sufficient to fund our working capital and capital
 expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months. In
 addition, in February 2006 we realized approximately
 5.7 million in net cash proceeds from the sale of a
 portion of our investment in PokerTek, Inc. (see Note 6 to
 the financial statements).

However, we may from time to time seek additional capital to
 fund our operations or fund our expansion plans as circumstances
 arise. To raise capital, we may seek to sell additional equity
 securities, issue debt or convertible securities, or seek to
 obtain credit facilities through financial institutions.

The table below sets forth our known contractual obligations as
 of January 1, 2006:

Payments Due by Period 

Years 6 and 

Contractual
 Obligations 

Total 

Year 1 

Years 2-3 

Years 4-5 

Beyond 

(In thousands) 

Operating lease(1)

2,695

463

972

1,037

223

Purchase obligations(2)

270

135

135

Employee obligation(3)

597

597

3,562

1,195

1,107

1,037

223

(1) 

The Company signed a new lease, pursuant to which monthly lease
 payments started in March 2005 at approximately 38,000, which
 escalate up over the course of the lease to approximately
 45,000. The amount set forth in the table above assumes monthly
 lease payments through May 2011. 

(2) 

Purchase obligations include contractual obligations related to
 the establishment of our internet gaming site. 

(3) 

Employee obligation includes the base salaries payable to Steven
 Lipscomb, Audrey Kania and Robyn Moder under their respective
 employment agreements. 

35

Table of Contents 

Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are
 reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on
 our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
 revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
 expenditures or capital resources.

Private
 Securities Litigation Reform Act 

The foregoing discussion and other statements in this report
 contain various forward-looking statements within
 the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
 as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements are based on the
 Company s current expectations or beliefs concerning future
 events. These statements can be identified by the use of
 terminology such as anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, expect, intend, 
 may, could, possible, 
 plan, project, will, 
 forecast and similar words or expressions.

Forward-looking information involves important risks and
 uncertainties that could significantly affect the Company s
 anticipated future results and, accordingly, actual results may
 differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking
 statement. The Company s forward-looking statements
 generally relate to plans for future expansion and other
 business development activities, expected levels of capital
 spending, potential sources of future financing and the possible
 effects on the Company s business of gaming, tax and other
 regulation and of competition. Although it is not possible to
 foresee all of the factors that may cause actual results to
 differ from the Company s forward-looking statements, these
 factors include, among others, the following risk factors:

We remain heavily reliant upon our agreements with TRV as a
 source of revenue and any termination or impairment of these
 agreements would materially and adversely affect the results of
 our operations;

The termination or impairment of our relationships with key
 licensing and strategic partners could harm our business
 performance;

Our television programming may fail to maintain a sufficient
 audience for a variety of reasons, many of which are beyond our
 control;

Our ability to create and license our television programming
 profitably may be negatively affected by adverse trends that
 apply to the television production business generally;

Our competitors (many of whom have greater financial resources
 or marketplace presence) may develop television programming that
 would directly compete with our television programming;

A decline in general economic conditions or the popularity of
 our brand of televised poker tournaments may negatively impact
 our business;

We may be unable to protect our entertainment concepts, our
 current and future brands and our other intellectual property
 rights;

We may be unable to successfully expand into foreign markets or
 into new or complementary businesses;

The regulatory environment for online gaming is currently
 uncertain, and despite out efforts to comply with applicable
 laws, we may be unable to pursue this business fully or our
 activities may be claimed or found to be in violation of
 applicable United States or foreign regulations; and

The loss of our President and Chief Executive Officer or another
 member of our senior management team may negatively impact the
 success of our business.

Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements
 involve inherent risks and uncertainties.

36

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

The Company s financial instruments include cash and cash
 equivalents, marketable securities and long-term debt. The
 Company s main investment objectives are the preservation
 of investment capital and the maximization of after-tax returns
 on its investment portfolio. Consequently, the Company invests
 with only high-credit-quality issuers and limits the amount of
 credit exposure to any one issuer. The Company does not use
 derivative instruments for speculative or investment purposes.

The Company s cash and cash equivalents are not subject to
 significant interest rate risk due to the short maturities of
 these instruments. As of January 1, 2006, the carrying
 value of the Company s cash and cash equivalents
 approximates fair value. The Company has in the past and may in
 the future obtain marketable debt securities (principally
 consisting of commercial paper, corporate bonds, and government
 securities) having a weighted average duration of one year or
 less. Consequently, such securities would not be subject to
 significant interest rate risk.

37

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 

Financial
 Statements and Supplemental Data 

WPT
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Financial
 Statements 

39

Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal
 Controls over 
 Financial Reporting 

40

Balance Sheets as
 of January 1, 2006 and January 2, 2005 

41

Statements of
 Earnings (Loss) for the fiscal years ended January 1, 2006,
 January 2, 2005 and December 28, 2003 

42

Statements of
 Comprehensive Earnings (Loss) for the fiscal years ended
 January 1, 2006, January 2, 2005 and December 28,
 2003 

43

Statements of
 Stockholders Equity for the fiscal years ended
 January 1, 2006, January 2, 2005 and December 28,
 2003 

44

Statements of Cash
 Flows for the fiscal years ended January 1, 2006,
 January 2, 2005 and 
 December 28, 2003 

45

Notes to Financial
 Statements 

46

38

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC 
 ACCOUNTING FIRM ON FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Board of Directors

WPT Enterprises, Inc.

Los Angeles, California

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of WPT
 Enterprises, Inc. (the Company) as of January 1, 2006 and
 January 2, 2005, and the related statements of earnings
 (loss), comprehensive earnings (loss), stockholders equity
 and cash flows for the years ended January 1, 2006,
 January 2, 2005, and December 28, 2003. These
 financial statements are the responsibility of the
 Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
 opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
 test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
 the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
 statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
 reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred
 to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
 position of WPT Enterprises, Inc. as of January 1, 2006 and
 January 2, 2005, and the results of their operations and
 cash flows for the years ended January 1, 2006,
 January 2, 2005, and December 28, 2003, in conformity
 with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
 States.

/s/ Piercy Bowler Taylor & Kern

Piercy, Bowler, Taylor & Kern,

Certified Public Accountants and Business Advisors

a Professional Corporation

Las Vegas, Nevada

February 6, 2006

39

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON 
 INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Board of Directors

WPT Enterprises, Inc.

Los Angeles, California

We have audited management s assessment, included in the
 accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over
 Financial Reporting, that WPT Enterprises, Inc. (the Company)
 maintained effective internal control over financial reporting
 as of January 1, 2006, based on criteria established in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
 Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company s management is
 responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
 financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness
 of internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility
 is to express an opinion on management s assessment and an
 opinion on the effectiveness of the company s internal
 control over financial reporting based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
 over financial reporting was maintained in all material
 respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
 internal control over financial reporting, evaluating
 management s assessment, testing and evaluating the design
 and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing
 such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
 circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
 basis for our opinion.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a
 process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
 internal control over financial reporting includes those
 policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
 reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
 company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
 are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
 statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
 are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
 management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
 unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
 company s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
 financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
 Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
 periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
 inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
 of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, management s assessment that WPT
 Enterprises, Inc. maintained effective internal control over
 financial reporting as of January 1, 2006, is fairly
 stated, in all material respects, based on criteria established
 in Internal Control Integrated Framework
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
 Treadway Commission (COSO). Also in our opinion, the Company
 maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control
 over financial reporting as of January 1, 2006, based on
 criteria established in Internal
 Control Integrated Framework issued by the
 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
 (COSO).

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
 consolidated financial statements of WPT Enterprises, Inc. and
 our report dated February 6, 2006, expressed an unqualified
 opinion thereon.

/s/ Piercy, Bowler, Taylor & Kern

Piercy, Bowler, Taylor & Kern,

Certified Public Accountants and Business Advisors 
 a Professional Corporation

Las Vegas, Nevada

February 6, 2006

40

Table of Contents 

WPT
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Balance
 Sheets 

January 1, 2006 and January 2,
 2005 

January 1, 2006 

January 2, 2005 

(In thousands) 

ASSETS 

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

1,737

4,525

Short-term investments

26,735

27,755

Accounts receivable, net of
 allowance of 100 and 100

3,091

1,950

Deferred television costs

1,520

917

Deferred tax assets

136

Inventory

45

52

Other

665

624

33,793

35,959

Property and equipment, net

1,271

703

Restricted cash

249

244

Investment

10,627

207

Other assets

320

46,260

37,113

LIABILITIES AND
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

1,550

710

Accrued payroll and related

246

292

Other accrued expenses

941

644

Deferred revenue

5,150

3,280

7,887

4,926

Common stock subject to repurchase

618

Commitments and
 Contingencies 

Stockholders equity:

Preferred stock, 0.001 par value
 authorized 20,000 shares; none issued and outstanding

Common stock, 0.001 par
 value authorized 100,000 shares; 20,158 and
 19,480 shares issued and outstanding

20

19

Additional paid-in capital

34,113

32,767

Deficit

(6,208

(1,205

Accumulated other comprehensive
 gain (loss)

10,449

(6

Deferred compensation

(1

(6

38,373

31,569

46,260

37,113

See notes to financial statements.

41

Table of Contents 

WPT
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Statements
 of (Loss) Earnings 

Years Ended January 1, 2006,
 January 2, 2005 and December 28, 2003 

2005 

2004 

2003 

(In thousands, except per share
 data) 

Revenues: 

License fees:

Domestic television

7,649

12,720

3,884

International television

2,840

1,127

Product licensing

4,398

1,938

14,887

15,785

3,884

Online gaming

864

Event hosting and sponsorship fees

1,894

1,433

250

Other

418

339

126

18,063

17,557

4,260

Cost of revenues 

9,987

10,244

2,687

Gross profit 

8,076

7,313

1,573

Expenses: 

Selling and administrative

13,926

6,501

1,817

Depreciation

161

131

107

14,087

6,632

1,924

Earnings (loss) from
 operations 

(6,011

681

(351

Other income
 (expense): 

Interest income

1,017

146

Interest expense, related party

(34

(142

Earnings (loss) before income
 taxes 

(4,994

793

(493

Income tax provision 

(9

(41

Net earnings (loss) 

(5,003

752

(493

Net earnings (loss) per common
 share basic 

(0.26

0.05

(0.04

Net earnings (loss) per common
 share diluted 

(0.26

0.04

(0.04

Weighted average common shares
 outstanding basic 

19,575

15,856

13,213

Dilutive effect of restricted stock

1,293

Dilutive effect of stock options

901

Dilutive effect of common stock
 subject to repurchase

30

Weighted average common shares
 outstanding diluted 

19,575

18,080

13,213

See notes to financial statements.

42

Table of Contents 

WPT
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Statements
 of Comprehensive (Loss) Earnings 

Years Ended January 1, 2006,
 January 2, 2005 and December 28, 2003 

2005 

2004 

2003 

(In thousands) 

Net earnings (loss) 

(5,003

752

(493

Other comprehensive earnings
 (loss), net of tax: 

Unrealized gains (losses) on
 securities:

Unrealized holding gains (losses)
 during the period

10,455

(6

Comprehensive earnings
 (loss) 

5,452

746

(493

See notes to financial statements.

43

Table of Contents 

WPT
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Statements
 of Stockholders Equity 

Years Ended January 1, 2006,
 January 2, 2005 and December 28, 2003 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Class A Units 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Deferred 

Comprehensive 

Shares 

Dollars 

Shares 

Dollars 

Capital 

Deficit 

Compensation 

Gain/(Loss) 

Total 

(In thousands) 

BALANCES AT DECEMBER 28,
 2003 

93

119

361

(2,637

(12

(2,169

Reduction of deferred compensation

6

6

Vesting of stock options to
 consultants

1,200

1,200

Conversion of LLC to C-Corporation

(93

(119

14,880

15

(576

680

Net proceeds from issuance of
 common stock

4,600

4

32,400

32,404

Common stock subject to repurchase

(602

(602

Interest on common stock subject to
 repurchase

(16

(16

Other comprehensive loss

(6

(6

Net earnings

752

752

BALANCES AT JANUARY 2,
 2005 

19,480

19

32,767

(1,205

(6

(6

31,569

Reduction of deferred compensation

5

5

Common stock issued

678

1

29

30

Stock-based compensation awards

698

698

Common stock subject to repurchase

643

643

Interest on common stock subject to
 repurchase

(24

(24

Other comprehensive gain

10,455

10,455

Net loss

(5,003

(5,003

BALANCES AT JANUARY 1,
 2006 

20,158

20

34,113

(6,208

(1

10,449

38,373

See notes to financial statements.

44

Table of Contents 

WPT
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Statements of Cash Flows 

Years Ended January 1, 2006,
 January 2, 2005 and December 28, 2003 

2005 

2004 

2003 

(In thousands) 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net earnings (loss)

(5,003

752

(493

Adjustments to reconcile net
 earnings (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating
 activities:

Depreciation

161

131

107

Production depreciation

265

39

Deferred income taxes

(132

Loss on disposal

3

Stock-based compensation awards

796

1,204

149

Bad debts

(43

Increase in operating (assets) and
 liabilities:

Accounts receivable

(965

(1,618

(332

Inventory

7

(42

(10

Deferred television costs

(801

1,064

(1,773

Other

(254

(511

(101

Accounts payable

840

(57

29

Due to parent

(224

144

Accrued expenses

251

1,330

217

Deferred revenue

1,870

2,775

345

Net cash provided by (used in)
 operating activities

(2,876

4,714

(1,718

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment

(994

(764

(68

Loan to and investment in
 unconsolidated investee

(207

Short-term investments, purchases

(42,450

(291,995

Short-term investments,
 sales/maturities

43,322

264,230

Net cash used in investing
 activities

(122

(28,736

(68

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Increase (decrease) in bank
 overdraft

(184

177

Increase in restricted cash

(5

(244

Net proceeds from issuance of
 common stock

32,404

Proceeds from stock option exercise

29

Collection of PokerTek loan
 receivable

186

Repayments of notes payable to
 parent

(3,429

1,609

Net cash provided by financing
 activities

210

28,547

1,786

Net increase (decrease) in cash
 and cash equivalents

(2,788

4,525

Cash and cash
 equivalents beginning of period

4,525

Cash and cash
 equivalents end of period 

1,737

4,525

0

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF
 CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Capitalized television costs
 related to stock options issued to consultants

(117

(2

(206

Cash paid during the period for
 interest

(229

Cash paid during the period for
 income taxes

(175

See notes to financial statements.

45

Table of Contents 

WPT
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to Financial Statements 

1. 

BUSINESS 

WPT Enterprises, Inc. (WPTE or the Company) creates branded
 entertainment and consumer products driven by the development,
 production, and marketing of televised programming based on
 gaming themes. WPTE is the creator of the World Poker
 Tour ,
 a television show based on a series of high-stakes poker
 tournaments that airs on the Travel Channel in the United States
 and more than 140 markets globally.

Organization World Poker Tour, LLC was
 formed on March 1, 2002 as a majority-owned indirect
 subsidiary of Lakes Entertainment, Inc. (Lakes or Parent)
 through Lakes Poker Tour, LLC, Lakes wholly owned
 subsidiary. On July 28, 2004, World Poker Tour, LLC
 converted into a Delaware corporation, WPT Enterprises, Inc.

The company concluded its initial public offering in August 2004
 and sold 4,000,000 shares of WPTE common stock while
 raising approximately 28.0 million, net of offering
 expenses and underwriting discounts. In September 2004, the
 underwriters exercised their over-allotment option to acquire an
 additional 600,000 common shares resulting in additional net
 proceeds of 4.4 million to the Company. Lakes remains the
 company s majority shareholder.

Lakes, together with WPTE s directors and executive
 officers, beneficially own 14,823,332 shares of WPTE s
 common stock, which represents approximately 74 of the
 Company s voting power. As a result, Lakes, either alone or
 acting together with our directors and executive officers,
 controls the outcome of all matters requiring stockholder
 approval, including the future merger, consolidation or sale of
 all or substantially all of WPTE s assets, and as a result,
 indirectly controls the Company s management through the
 election and removal of members of the Company s Board of
 Directors.

2. 

SUMMARY
 OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Year end The Company has a 52- or
 53-week 
 accounting period ending on the Sunday closest to
 December 31 of each year. The Company s fiscal years
 for the periods shown on the accompanying statements of earnings
 (loss) ended on January 1, 2006 (2005), January 2,
 2005 (2004) and December 28, 2003 (2003).

Use of estimates The preparation of financial
 statements in conformity with accounting principles generally
 accepted in the United States requires management to make
 estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and
 liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
 of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
 results could differ from those estimates.

Cash and cash equivalents The Company
 considers all highly liquid investments with an original
 maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be
 cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of
 cash on hand and in banks and money market funds.

Short-term investments The Company follows
 the provisions of Statement on Financial Accounting Standards
 (SFAS) No. 115, Accounting for Certain Investments in
 Debt and Equity Securities and has classified all of its
 investments as available for sale, whereby investments are
 reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses
 reported as accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss), net
 of income taxes, in the accompanying statements of comprehensive
 earnings (loss). Market value is determined by the most recently
 traded price of the security at the balance sheet date. Net
 realized gains or losses are determined on the specific
 identification cost method.

Allowance for returns The Company recognizes
 an allowance for returns against accounts receivables for
 product licensing and direct merchandise sales. The return
 reserve for product licensing is calculated based on contractual
 terms specifying percentage limits for each licensee netted
 against actual returns. The direct merchandise reserve is based
 on historical returns, which has been minimal. If circumstances
 related to the assumptions change, recoverability estimates are
 adjusted accordingly. The allowance for returns was 74,000, and
 142,000 for the years ended January 1, 2006 and
 January 2, 2005, respectively.

46

Table of Contents 

WPT
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to
 Financial Statements (Continued) 

Deferred television costs The Company
 accounts for its television costs pursuant to the American
 Institute of Certified Public Accountants Statement of Position
 No. 00-2, 
 Accounting by Producers or Distributors of Films 
 (SOP 00-2). 
 Television costs include capitalizable direct costs, production
 overhead and development costs and are stated at the lower of
 cost or net realizable value based on anticipated revenue.
 Production overhead costs include costs that are directly
 related to production and are incremental costs. These costs
 primarily include office facilities and insurance related to
 production. Production overhead office facilities costs are
 determined based on percentage of space used and are allocated
 to television costs based on number of episodes. Production
 overhead insurance costs are allocated to television costs based
 on number of episodes. The Company has not currently anticipated
 any revenues in excess of those subject to existing contractual
 relationships. Capitalized television production costs for each
 episode are expensed as revenues are recognized upon delivery
 and acceptance of the completed episode.

Inventory Inventory consists of
 merchandise to be sold on a direct sales basis online.
 Substantially the entire inventory is comprised of finished
 goods, and is stated at the lower of cost or market and
 determined on a specific identification basis.

Property and equipment Property and
 equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.
 Depreciation of property and equipment is computed using the
 straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives:

Furniture and equipment

2-6 years

Software

3 years

Leasehold improvements

6 years

Investments The cost method of accounting is
 used for investments in which WPTE has less than a 20 ownership
 interest and/or the Company does not have the ability to
 exercise significant influence.

Deferred revenue Licensing advances and
 guaranteed payments collected, but not yet earned by the
 Company, as well as host fee and sponsorship receipts, collected
 prior to the airing of episodes, are classified as deferred
 revenue in the accompanying balance sheets. Deferred revenue is
 derived from three primary sources: domestic television, product
 licensing and host fees. Deferred revenue represents advanced
 payments received from Travel Channel (TRV) and product
 licensees, and deposits paid by casinos in order to secure a
 poker tournament date with the World Poker Tour as a host site.

Common shares subject to repurchase The
 Company inadvertently violated certain securities laws in
 connection with its initial public offering, and as a result
 could have required WPTE to repurchase 75,200 shares
 sold in the offering, and the proceeds from the sale of these
 shares were reported on the balance sheet at approximately
 0.6 million as of January 2, 2005, as a liability.
 However, on August 9, 2005, the repurchase obligation to
 repurchase such shares expired, and accordingly, the Company
 reclassified the proceeds as permanent equity.

Revenue recognition Domestic
 television Revenue from the distribution of the
 domestic television series to TRV is recognized as earned under
 the following criteria established by
 SOP 00-2: 

Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists

The show/episode is complete, and in accordance with the terms
 of the arrangement, has been delivered or is available for
 immediate and unconditional delivery

The license period has begun and the customer can begin its
 exploitation, exhibition or sale

The seller s price to the buyer is fixed and determinable

Collectibility is reasonably assured

Revenues are recognized upon the receipt and acceptance of
 completed episodes by TRV in accordance with the terms of the
 contract.

47

Table of Contents 

WPT
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to
 Financial Statements (Continued) 

International television revenues for international
 distribution of the television series are recognized as earned
 under the criteria of
 SOP 00-2, 
 which is noted above. WPTE presents international distribution
 license fee revenues net of the distributor s fees.

Product licensing revenues are recognized when the
 underlying royalties from the sales of the related products are
 earned. The Company recognizes minimum revenue guarantees
 ratably over the term of the license or as earned royalties
 based on actual sales of the related products, if greater.

Online gaming revenues are recognized monthly based on
 detailed statements received from WagerWorks, the Company s
 online gaming service provider, for online poker and casino
 activity throughout the previous month. In accordance with
 Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) 99-19, the Company presents
 online gaming revenues gross of WagerWorks costs, including
 WagerWorks management fee, royalties, credit card processing and
 chargebacks, which are reported as cost of revenues, since the
 Company has the ability to adjust price and specifications of
 the online gaming site, bears the majority of the credit risk
 and is responsible for the sales and marketing of the gaming
 site. The Company includes certain promotional expenses related
 to free bets and deposit bonuses along with customer chargebacks
 as deductions of revenue. All other promotional expenses are
 generally recorded as sales and marketing expenses.

Event hosting fees are paid by host casinos for the
 privilege of hosting the events and are recognized as the
 episodes that feature the host casino are aired, and
 sponsorship revenues are recognized as the episodes that
 feature the sponsor are aired.

Advertising Advertising costs of
 approximately 1.6 million, 25,000 and 34,000 in 2005,
 2004 and 2003, respectively, were expensed as incurred and
 included in selling, general and administrative expenses.

Income taxes The Company accounts for income
 taxes under the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting
 Standards No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes. 
 Under this method, the Company determines deferred tax assets
 and liabilities based upon the difference between the financial
 statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted
 tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are
 expected to affect taxable income. The tax consequences of most
 events recognized in the current year s financial
 statements are included in determining income taxes currently
 payable. However, because tax laws and financial accounting
 standards differ in their recognition and measurement of assets,
 liabilities, equity, revenue, expenses, gains and losses,
 differences arise between the amount of taxable income and
 pretax financial income for a year and between the tax bases of
 assets or liabilities and their reported amounts in the
 financial statements. Because it is assumed that the reported
 amounts of assets and liabilities will be recovered and settled,
 respectively, a difference between the tax basis of an asset or
 a liability and its reported amount in the balance sheet will
 result in a taxable or a deductible amount in some future years
 when the related liabilities are settled or the reported amounts
 of the assets are recovered, hence giving rise to deferred tax
 assets and liabilities. The Company must then assess the
 likelihood that deferred tax assets will be recovered from
 future taxable income and to the extent management believes that
 recovery is not likely, they must establish a valuation
 allowance. The Company s current growth plans potentially
 may include international expansion, primarily related to the
 online gaming business, expansion of the television and product
 licensing businesses, industry consolidation and acquisitions
 and entry into new branded gaming businesses. Although the
 Company anticipates that all potential strategies will be
 accretive to earnings, they are aware of the risks involved with
 an aggressive growth strategy. Therefore, based on the
 company s limited earnings history and current level of
 uncertainty, combined with their cautious optimism, the Company
 believes a full valuation allowance continues to be appropriate
 for deferred tax assets.

Stock-based compensation The Company has
 stock-based employee and consultant compensation which is
 described more fully in Note 9. The Company accounts for
 equity-based employee compensation under the recognition and
 measurement principles of APB Opinion No. 25, Accounting
 for Stock Issued to Employees , and related interpretations.
 Compensation expense for stock option grants issued to employees
 is recorded to the extent the fair market value of the stock on
 the date of grant exceeds the option price, the intrinsic value
 method.

48

Table of Contents 

WPT
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to
 Financial Statements (Continued) 

Compensation expense for restricted stock grants is measured
 based on the fair market value of the stock on the date of
 grant. The compensation expense is amortized ratably over the
 vesting period of the awards.

The fair value of each award under the option plans is estimated
 on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
 model. The following assumptions and criteria were used to
 estimate the fair value of the options granted during 2002, 2004
 and 2005 (no options were granted in 2003) under the Statement
 of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 123,
 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation , method of
 accounting for the purpose of the pro forma expense disclosure
 below:

2005 

2004 

2002 

Risk-free interest rate

4.04

4.05

4.49

Expected life

5 years

5 years

5 years

Expected dividend yield

Weighted average fair value

8.77

5.52

0.63

Annualized volatility

99.30

46.13

The following table illustrates the effect on net income and
 earnings per share if the Company had applied the fair value
 recognition provisions of SFAS Statement No. 123,
 Accounting for Stock Based Compensation ,
 to stock-based employee compensation.

2005 

2004 

2003 

(In thousands, except 

per share data) 

Net earnings (loss) as reported

(5,003

752

(493

Deduct: total equity-based
 compensation expense determined under the fair value method

(2,353

(874

Net loss as pro forma under
 SFAS No. 123

(7,356

(122

(493

Net earnings (loss) per common
 share basic as reported

(0.26

0.05

(0.04

Net earnings (loss) per common
 share diluted as reported

(0.26

0.04

(0.04

Net loss per common
 share basic and diluted pro
 forma

(0.38

(0.01

(0.04

Compensation expense of 0.8 million, 1.2 million and
 0.1 million related to stock options issued to consultants
 for 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively, have not been included in
 the tables above as these options are already recorded at fair
 market value under the provisions of EITF 96-18,
 Accounting for Equity Instruments that are Issued to Other
 Than Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling,
 Goods or Services. 

The Company accounts for equity-based consultant compensation
 according to the recognition and measurement principles of
 EITF 96-18. Compensation expense for stock option grants
 issued to consultants is recorded at the fair market value of
 the options at the measurement date, defined as the date the
 options vest and services have been provided. All of these
 expenses are capitalized television costs and are expensed as
 costs of revenue upon delivery and acceptance of completed
 episodes.

Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123
 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment 
 (SFAS No. 123(R)), which amends FASB Statement Nos.
 123 and 95, will be effective for the first quarter of 2006.
 SFAS No. 123(R) requires the Company to measure
 compensation expense for all share-based payments (including
 employee stock options) at fair value and recognize the expense
 over the related service period. Additionally, excess tax
 benefits, as defined in SFAS No. 123(R), will be
 recognized as additional paid-in capital. Depending on the
 transitional option selected by management, there could be a
 retroactive effect on the Company s financial statements by
 adopting the SFAS 123(R). However, management is continuing
 to evaluate the effect that SFAS 123(R) will have on the
 Company s financial position and results of operations.

49

Table of Contents 

WPT
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to
 Financial Statements (Continued) 

Warrants Issued In connection with its
 initial public offering on August 9, 2004, the Company
 issued to its lead underwriter, Feltl & Company, a
 warrant to purchase up to a total of 400,000 shares of
 common stock at an exercise price of 12.80 for a period of four
 years. The warrant became exercisable on August 9, 2005,
 and as of January 1, 2006, the warrants remain outstanding.

Earnings per share Basic earnings per common
 share is calculated by dividing net income (net loss) by the
 weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the
 year. Shares for stock options granted to certain employees and
 consultants of the Company are included in the computation after
 the options have vested because the shares are issuable for
 relatively minimal cash consideration in relation to the fair
 value of the options. Diluted earnings (loss) per common share
 is calculated by adjusting weighted average outstanding shares,
 assuming conversion of all potentially dilutive stock options
 and awards. The effects of stock options, restricted stock and
 warrants have not been included in diluted loss per share for
 the years ended January 1, 2006 and December 28, 2003,
 as the effect would have been anti-dilutive.

Reclassifications Certain prior year balances
 have been reclassified to conform to the current year
 presentation.

3. 

SHORT-TERM
 INVESTMENTS 

As of January 1, 2006 and January 2, 2005, short-term
 investments with original maturities beyond three months consist
 of the following (in thousands):

Year
 ended January 1, 2006: 

Gross 

Gross 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Value 

U.S. treasury and agency
 securities

8,766

(89

8,677

Certificates of deposit

155

(1

154

Short-term municipal bonds

7,900

7,900

Corporate bonds

10,072

(68

10,004

26,893

(158

26,735

Year
 ended January 2, 2005: 

Gross 

Gross 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Value 

U.S. treasury and agency
 securities

13,161

13

(23

13,151

Certificates of deposit

155

(1

154

Short-term municipal bonds

13,450

13,450

Corporate preferred securities

1,000

1,000

27,766

13

(24

27,755

50

Table of Contents 

WPT
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to
 Financial Statements (Continued) 

4. 

PROPERTY
 AND EQUIPMENT 

As of January 1, 2006 and January 2, 2005, property
 and equipment consists of the following (in thousands):

2005 

2004 

Furniture and equipment

1,170

763

Leasehold improvements

595

Software

228

196

Construction in progress

5

71

1,998

1,030

Less: accumulated depreciation

(727

(327

Property and equipment, net

1,271

703

5. 

DEFERRED
 TELEVISION COSTS 

As of January 1, 2006 and January 2, 2005, deferred
 television costs consist of the following (in thousands):

2005 

2004 

In-production

1,122

911

Development and pre-production

398

6

1,520

917

As of January 1, 2006 and January 2, 2005, overhead
 costs of 0.3 million and 0.2 million, respectively,
 were included in total capitalized television costs. Based upon
 management s estimates as of January 1, 2006, 100 of
 capitalized television costs are expected to be recognized
 during fiscal 2006.

6. 

INVESTMENT 

Until October 14, 2005, WPTE had an investment, consisting
 of a 15 equity interest (carried at its nominal cost basis) in
 and a loan receivable from PokerTek, a company that offers an
 electronic poker table called the PokerPro system that provides
 a fully automated poker room environment to tribal and
 commercial casinos and card clubs. On October 14, 2005,
 PokerTek announced its public offering of 2,000,000 shares
 of common stock at a price of 11 per share. Concurrent
 with the public offering, WPTE s ownership interest was
 diluted to 11.7 (1,080,000 shares), and PokerTek repaid
 WPTE the outstanding loan amount at its maturity value of
 186,000. The Company s shares in PokerTek are restricted,
 thus prohibiting any sale of such shares in the market for six
 months. Nevertheless, in accordance with Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 115, Accounting for
 Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities , WPTE
 adjusted its investment to fair market value and classified it
 as available for sale since the Company did not
 expect to have any cash needs or had plans to sell the shares in
 the foreseeable future, and as of January 1, 2006, the fair
 value of the investment was 10.6 million. The net
 unrealized gains and losses from this investment are accounted
 for in a separate component of shareholder s equity
 i.e. within the accumulated other comprehensive
 earnings line item in the stockholders equity
 section of the balance sheet). On January 20, 2006, the
 Company entered into an agreement to sell 630,000 shares of
 PokerTek s common stock held by the Company, at a price per
 share of 9.03, and received a waiver on its sales restrictions
 from PokerTek s underwriter. The Company closed the
 transaction on February 28, 2006, and received net cash
 proceeds of approximately 5.7 million. As a result, the
 Company now has a 4.75 ownership interest in PokerTek.

51

Table of Contents 

WPT
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to
 Financial Statements (Continued) 

7. 

RELATED
 PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

At December 28, 2003, the Company had a note payable to
 Lakes Entertainment, Inc., through its wholly owned subsidiary,
 Lakes Poker Tour, LLC, of 3.4 million, which represented a
 working capital loan pursuant to an agreement dated
 March 4, 2002. During 2004, the Company repaid
 3.2 million of the loan from Lakes Poker Tour through
 working capital, and the Company used 0.2 million of the
 proceeds from the offering to repay the remaining balance of the
 loan. The loan agreement also provided for additional funding of
 up to 4.0 million with a 6.2 stated interest rate, which
 was not utilized and expired on March 4, 2005.

The Company entered into a license agreement with Lakes whereby
 Lakes obtained a license to utilize the World Poker Tour name
 and logo in connection with a casino table game that Lakes has
 developed using certain intellectual property rights of Sklansky
 Games, LLC. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company is
 entitled to receive a specified minimum annual royalty payment
 or 10 of the gross revenue received by Lakes from its sale or
 lease of the game, whichever is greater. The World Poker Tour No
 Limit Texas Hold Em casino game has been approved by
 certain gaming regulators and entered the casino marketplace in
 December 2005; however, the Company has not yet received royalty
 statements or payments.

As mentioned in Note 6, WPTE owns approximately 4.75 of
 PokerTek as of February 28, 2006. Lyle Berman along with
 his son Bradley Berman, who is an employee of Lakes and sits on
 the Board of Directors of WPTE, each made personal investments
 in PokerTek, and as of January 1, 2006, collectively own
 approximately 9 of PokerTek. In addition, Lyle Berman agreed to
 serve as Chairman of the Board of PokerTek and received 200,000
 stock options in the company.

Effective as of February 24, 2004, WPTE entered into a
 non-exclusive license agreement with G-III Apparel Group Ltd.
 (G-III). Morris Goldfarb, a Lakes director, is Co-Chairman of
 the Board and Chief Executive Officer of G-III. Under the
 agreement, G-III licenses the World Poker Tour name, logo and
 trademark from WPTE in connection with G-III s production
 of certain types of apparel for distribution in authorized
 channels within the United States, its territories and
 possessions and in certain circumstances, Canada. As
 consideration for this non-exclusive license, G-III pays
 royalties and certain other fees to WPTE. As of January 1,
 2006, G-III paid WPTE approximately 0.3 million in
 royalties.

8. 

INCOME
 TAXES 

Prior to the Company s conversion from World Poker Tour,
 LLC to a C-Corporation in July 2004, the Company was not a
 tax-paying entity for federal and state income tax purposes. The
 members allocable share of the Company s taxable
 income (loss) was taxed on the member s income tax returns.
 Therefore, no provision or liability for federal or state income
 taxes had been included in the financial statements. Upon
 conversion, the Company became liable for federal and state
 taxes on taxable income earned subsequent to the conversion.

The Company experienced financial losses for the time period
 subsequent to the conversion to a C-corporation. However, due to
 differences between taxable income and pretax financial income,
 primarily driven by non-cash compensation expense for consultant
 stock options that were not deductible for tax purposes in 2004,
 the Company had taxable income.

52

Table of Contents 

WPT
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to
 Financial Statements (Continued) 

The federal and state income tax provision (benefit) is
 summarized as follows (in thousands):

2005 

2004 

Current:

Federal

(124

132

State

9

41

(115

173

Deferred:

Federal

124

(132

State

124

(132

Total provision (benefit) for
 income taxes

9

41

A reconciliation of the provision (benefit) for income taxes
 with amounts determined by applying the statutory
 U.S. federal income tax rate to income before income taxes
 is as follows (in thousands):

2005 

2004 

Statutory federal tax rate

(1,698

(34

270

34

State taxes, net of federal benefit

(1,027

(20.6

(2

(0.2

Tax exempt income

(17

(0.3

(23

(2.9

Other, net

(8

(0.1

2

0.3

Partnership deferred tax benefits

(626

(78.9

Valuation allowance( 

2,759

55.2

420

52.9

Provision for income taxes

9

0.2

41

5.2

) 

Does not consider the tax effect of unrealized holding gains
 (losses) of 10.4 million and the exercise of employee
 stock options of 11.4 million in 2005. 

53

Table of Contents 

WPT
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to
 Financial Statements (Continued) 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary
 differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
 liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts
 used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the
 Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as
 follows (in thousands):

2005 

2004 

DEFERRED TAX ASSETS: 

Current: 

Stock options cost

257

541

Accruals, reserves and other

90

117

Valuation allowance

(337

(365

Total current deferred tax asset

10

293

Non-current: 

Federal net operating losses

5,852

State net operating losses, net of
 federal benefit

1,027

Depreciation &
 amortization

55

Valuation allowance

(2,534

(55

Total non-current deferred tax
 asset

4,345

-0-

DEFERRED TAX
 LIABILITIES: 

Current: 

Prepaid expenses

165

157

Other

4

-0-

Total current deferred tax
 liability

169

157

Non-current: 

Net unrealized gains on investments

4,179

Depreciation &
 amortization

7

Total non-current deferred tax
 liability

4,186

Net deferred tax
 assets 

136

For the years ended January 1, 2006 and January 1,
 2005, the temporary differences described above represent
 differences between the tax basis of assets or liabilities and
 their reported amounts in the financial statements that will
 result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years when the
 reported amounts of the assets or liabilities are recovered or
 settled. In 2005, the Company recorded deferred tax assets that
 primarily related to net operating losses and stock options
 expense. An additional valuation allowance of 2.5 million
 was recorded in 2005 for deferred tax assets as it is more
 likely than not that the remaining deferred tax assets will not
 be recovered in the foreseeable future. A full valuation
 allowance was recorded as the Company s current growth
 plans potentially include international expansion, primarily
 related to its online gaming business, expansion of the
 television and product licensing businesses, industry
 consolidation and acquisitions and entry into new branded gaming
 businesses. Although the Company anticipates that all potential
 strategies will be accretive to earnings, they are aware of the
 risks involved with an aggressive growth strategy. Therefore,
 based on the Company s limited earnings history and current
 level of uncertainty, combined with its cautious optimism, the
 Company believes that a valuation allowance continues to be
 appropriate for deferred tax assets.

At January 1, 2006, the Company had federal net operating
 losses of approximately 17.2 million 5.8 million
 related to operations and 11.4 million related to stock
 option exercises) and state net operating losses of
 17.3 million 5.9 million related to operations and
 11.4 million related to stock option exercises). The
 federal net operating loss carryforwards will expire in 2026 and
 the state net operating loss carryforwards will expire in 2016.

54

Table of Contents 

WPT
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to
 Financial Statements (Continued) 

In 2004, the Company recorded deferred tax assets that primarily
 related to consultant stock option expense. A valuation
 allowance of 0.4 million was recorded for deferred tax
 assets other than those recoverable through the filing of a
 carryback claim as it is more likely than not that the remaining
 deferred tax assets will not be recovered.

9. 

STOCK-BASED
 COMPENSATION 

The Company s predecessor entity, World Poker Tour, LLC,
 adopted the 2002 Option Plan (the 2002 Plan) which was approved
 to issue up to an aggregate of 1,120,000 shares in
 connection with option grants to employees and consultants. The
 options become exercisable in quarterly installments on each of
 the first four anniversaries of the date of the grant and expire
 six years after being exercisable. The employee must be employed
 by the Company on the anniversary date in order to vest in any
 shares that year. If the employee is terminated (voluntarily or
 involuntarily) prior to vesting of any option, any options
 remaining to vest as of the date of termination will be
 forfeited.

In connection with the conversion to a corporation, the Company
 adopted the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan that is authorized to
 grant stock awards to purchase up to 3,120,000 shares of
 common stock, including the options to purchase up to
 1,120,000 shares of common stock issued to employees and
 consultants that were previously outstanding under the 2002 Plan
 at the time of conversion. Under the stock options granted in
 2004 under the 2004 option plan, the options vest in equal
 installments over three-year and five-year periods, beginning on
 the first anniversary of the date of each grant and will
 continue on each subsequent anniversary date until the option is
 fully vested. The employee must be employed by the Company on
 the anniversary date in order to vest in any shares that year.
 If the employee is terminated (voluntarily or involuntarily)
 prior to vesting of any stock option, any options remaining to
 vest as of the date of termination will be forfeited. To the
 extent options are vested, the option shall be exercisable for
 ten years from the date of grant.

Information with respect to the stock option plans is summarized
 as follows:

Number of Common
 Shares 

Options 

Available 

Weighted Avg. 

Outstanding 

Exercisable 

for Grant 

Exercise Price 

Balance at December 29,
 2002 

1,120,000

0.0049

Granted

Exercised

Balance at December 28,
 2003 

1,120,000

280,000

0.0049

Authorized

2,000,000

Granted

1,441,000

(1,441,000

8.18

Exercised

Balance at January 2,
 2005 

2,561,000

560,000

559,000

4.61

Authorized

Granted

443,000

(443,000

12.75

Forfeited

(167,667

167,667

11.99

Exercised

(678,333

0.04

Balance at January 1,
 2006 

2,158,000

620,333

283,667

7.14

55

Table of Contents 

WPT
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to
 Financial Statements (Continued) 

Options Exercisable at 

Options Outstanding at
 January 1, 2006 

January 1, 2006 

Weighted Avg. 

Weighted Avg. 

Number 

Remaining 

Exercise 

Number 

Weighted 

Range of Exercise
 Prices 

Outstanding 

Contractual Life 

Price 

Exercisable 

Avg. Price 

0.0049

445,000

6.15

0.0049

165,000

0.0049

7.95 - 9.92

1,373,500

8.63

8.04

446,667

8.04

11.95 - 14.51

286,000

8.78

12.18

8,666

14.51

15.05 - 19.50

53,500

9.30

16.41

(.0049 - 19.50

2,158,000

8.27

7.14

620,333

6.00

For stock options issued to employees, deferred stock
 compensation for the options is measured at the stocks 
 fair value in excess of the exercise price on the date of grant
 and is being amortized over the vesting period of four years. In
 connection with these grants, the Company recorded deferred
 compensation of 2,500, as options granted under the 2002 plan
 had an exercise price less than the fair value of the underlying
 share on the date of grant. Deferred equity-based employee
 compensation cost of 625 in 2005, 625 in 2004 and 625 in 2003
 is included in selling and administrative expenses in the
 statement of operations.

For options issued to consultants, compensation expense is
 measured at the option s fair value, measured when the
 options vest in annual installments on each of the first four
 anniversaries of the date of the grant. Compensation expense is
 estimated in periods prior to vesting based on the then current
 fair value. Changes in the estimated fair value of unvested
 options are recorded in the periods the change occurs.
 Compensation expense for options issued to consultants was
 0.8 million in 2005, 1.2 million in 2004 and
 0.1 million in 2003. All of these expenses are capitalized
 television costs and are included as costs of revenue upon
 delivery and acceptance of completed episodes.

Restricted
 shares issued 

On March 4, 2002, the Company granted 2,400,000 shares
 to its President under a management agreement. The shares vest
 in four equal installments annually beginning February 25,
 2003, and will be fully vested on February 25, 2006. If
 there is a change of control, all non-vested shares vest
 immediately. In connection with this grant, the Company recorded
 deferred compensation of 19,200. The Company recognized
 compensation expense of 4,800 in 2005, 4,800 in 2004 and
 4,800 in 2003 for shares earned based upon services provided
 under the management agreement.

10. 

EMPLOYEE
 RETIREMENT PLANS 

The Company has a section 401(k) employee savings plan for
 eligible employees. The Company made no matching contribution
 during 2005 and 2004.

Effective December 2005, the Company s post production
 group, comprising approximately 27 of WPTE s workforce,
 began operating under a collective bargaining agreement with the
 International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees (IATSE).
 Under this agreement, the Company is obligated to make payments
 to the Motion Picture Industry and Health Plans. Contributions
 to date have been minimal. The agreement expires in
 November 2007.

11. 

CONCENTRATIONS 

The Company has entered into agreements with TRV pursuant to
 which it granted TRV an exclusive license to broadcast and
 telecast its programs on television in the United States during
 Seasons One and Two of the World Poker Tour television series
 and options to acquire similar licenses for the episodes
 comprising each of the Seasons Three through Seven, which will
 not be completed until 2009. On May 20, 2004 and
 March 17, 2005 TRV exercised its options for Seasons Three
 and Four, respectively.

56

Table of Contents 

WPT
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to
 Financial Statements (Continued) 

Under the agreements, the Company is required to deliver each
 episode of the World Poker Tour television series by a specific
 delivery date. If the Company fails to timely deliver an
 episode, TRV has the right to reject that episode and be
 reimbursed for the related per-episode license fee. As a result,
 untimely delivery of one or more episodes by the Company may
 have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flow.

TRV s decision to exercise its options may be affected by,
 among other things, the Company s ability to deliver
 episodes in a timely manner, as well as the quality of the
 Company s programming and its continued acceptance by the
 viewing public. Since the Company s revenue from TRV has
 represented approximately 61 of the Company s total
 historical revenue as of January 1, 2006, a decision by TRV
 not to exercise its options for future seasons would have a
 material adverse effect on the Company s financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flow, especially if
 this decision were made prior to the material growth of other
 Company revenue streams (for example, from the sale of branded
 merchandise). Even following the growth of other revenue
 streams, the failure to maintain a broadcast license agreement
 would be detrimental to the visibility and viability of the
 World Poker Tour brand.

12. 

COMMITMENTS
 AND CONTINGENCIES 

The Company has an employment agreement (expiring on
 December 29, 2006) with Steven Lipscomb, its Founder,
 President and Chief Executive Officer, under which it has agreed
 to pay an annualized base salary of 500,000, and
 Mr. Lipscomb will be eligible to participate in an annual
 bonus pool of up to 10 of the Company s net profits and an
 additional bonus equal to 5 of the Company s annual net
 profits above 3.0 million in such fiscal year. The Company
 also granted Mr. Lipscomb options to
 purchase 600,000 shares of the Company s common
 stock at 8.00 per share on August 9, 2004, which
 options will vest in equal installments over three years.

Effective March 1, 2005, the Company entered into a
 seventy-five month operating lease agreement for office space.
 Aggregate future minimum lease payments under this lease for the
 next five fiscal years are as follows:

2006: 463,000

2007: 478,000

2008: 494,000

2009: 510,000

2010: 527,000

In addition, the Company has an option to renew the entire
 premises for a period of five years exercisable not later than
 twelve months prior to the lease expiration date. Under such
 renewal, rent would be adjusted to market rates.

57

Table of Contents 

WPT
 ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to
 Financial Statements (Continued) 

13. 

SEGMENT
 INFORMATION 

The operating segments reported below are the segments of the
 Company for which separate financial information is available
 and for which operating results are evaluated by Management in
 deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance.

Year
 ended January 1, 2006 (in thousands): 

Consumer 

Corporate 

Online 

Studios 

Products 

Alliances 

Gaming 

Corporate 

Total 

Revenues

11,503

4,816

880

864

18,063

Cost of revenues

8,928

650

409

9,987

Gross profit

2,575

4,166

880

455

8,076

Total assets

3,173

1,185

117

731

41,054

46,260

Depreciation

265

161

426

For the year ended January 1, 2006, studio revenues were
 comprised of 7.6 million of domestic television revenues,
 2.9 million of international television revenues and
 1.0 million of casino host fee revenues.

Year
 ended January 2, 2005 (in thousands): 

Consumer 

Corporate 

Online 

Studios 

Products 

Alliances 

Gaming 

Corporate 

Total 

Revenues

14,740

2,234

583

17,557

Cost of revenues

10,139

105

10,244

Gross profit

4,601

2,129

583

7,313

Total assets

1,845

1,187

85

33,996

37,113

Depreciation

39

131

170

For the year ended January 2, 2005, studio revenues were
 comprised of 12.7 million of domestic television revenues,
 1.1 million of international television revenues and
 0.9 million of casino host fee revenues.

Year
 ended December 28, 2003 (in thousands): 

Consumer 

Corporate 

Online 

Studios 

Products 

Alliances 

Gaming 

Corporate 

Total 

Revenues

4,134

126

4,260

Cost of revenues

2,647

40

2,687

Gross profit

1,487

86

1,573

Total assets

2,317

22

207

2,546

Depreciation

107

107

For the year ended December 28, 2003, studio revenues were
 comprised of 3.9 million of domestic television revenues
 and 0.2 million of casino host fee revenues.

14. 

SUBSEQUENT
 EVENTS 

The Company entered into an agreement with Discovery
 Communications, Inc. (the parent company to the Travel Channel)
 in January 2006, pursuant to which Travel Channel agreed to
 license the U.S. rights to telecast Season One of the
 Professional Poker
 Tour tm 
 (PPT) events. The agreement provides the Travel Channel with
 successive one-year options to acquire the exclusive license to
 telecast the episodes produced in connection with Seasons Two
 through Four of the PPT. Additionally, upon termination of the
 agreement, Travel Channel s revenue share percentage
 declines over the following four years. There is no revenue
 share percentage beginning in the fifth year following the
 termination of the agreement.

58

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 

Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
 Financial Disclosure 

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls
 and Procedures. 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our
 management, including our Chief Executive Officer, President and
 Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of our
 disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined
 under
 Rules 13a-15(e) 
 or 15d-15(e) 
 promulgated under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period
 covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our management
 has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are
 effective.

There have been no significant changes (including corrective
 actions with regard to significant deficiencies of material
 weaknesses) in our internal controls or in other factors that
 could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date
 of the evaluation referenced above.

REPORT OF
 MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
 REPORTING 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
 adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term
 is defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f). 
 Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles.

Under the supervision and with the participation of management,
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
 Officer, our management assessed the design and operating
 effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of
 January 1, 2006 based on the framework set forth in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by
 the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission.

Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal
 control over financial reporting was effective as of
 January 1, 2006. Piercy Bowler Taylor and Kern, an
 independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an
 attestation report on management s assessment of our
 internal control over financial reporting as of January 1,
 2006. That report is included herein.

Item 9B. 

Other
 Information 

None.

59

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors
 and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

Information in response to this Item is incorporated herein by
 reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant
 to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the
 fiscal year covered by this
 Form 10-K. 

Item 11. 

Executive
 Compensation 

Information in response to this Item is incorporated herein by
 reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant
 to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the
 fiscal year covered by this
 Form 10-K. 

Item 12. 

Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
 Related Stockholder Matters 

Information in response to this Item is incorporated herein by
 reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant
 to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the
 fiscal year covered by this
 Form 10-K. 

Item 13. 

Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions 

Information in response to this Item is incorporated herein by
 reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant
 to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the
 fiscal year covered by this
 Form 10-K. 

Item 14. 

Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 

Information in response to this Item is incorporated herein by
 reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant
 to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the
 fiscal year covered by this
 Form 10-K. 

60

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on
 Form 8-K 

3

.1

Certificate of Incorporation of
 WPT Enterprises, Inc.(l)

3

.2

Bylaws of WPT Enterprises, Inc.(2)

4

.1

Form of Specimen Stock
 Certificate.(3)

10

.1

Acquisition Master Agreement,
 dated as of January 22, 2003, by and between World Poker
 Tour, LLC and the Travel Channel, L.L.C. (3)

10

.2

Acquisition Master Agreement,
 dated as of August 22, 2003, by and between World Poker
 Tour, LLC and the Travel Channel, L.L.C. (3)

10

.3

Letter dated May 20, 2004
 from the Travel Channel, L.L.C. to World Poker Tour,
 LLC. (3)

10

.4

Amended and Restated Loan
 Agreement, dated as of March 4, 2002, by and between World
 Poker Tour, LLC and Lakes Poker Tour, LLC. (3)

10

.5

WPT Enterprises, Inc. 2004 Stock
 Incentive Plan. (3)

10

.6

Management and Contribution
 Agreement, dated as of March 4, 2002, by and between Steven
 Lipscomb and World Poker Tour, LLC. (3)

10

.7

Amendment to Management and
 Contribution Agreement dated as of March 22, 2004 by and
 between Steven Lipscomb and World Poker Tour, LLC. (3)

10

.8

Letter Agreement dated as of
 April 14, 2004 by and between World Poker Tour, LLC and
 Steven Lipscomb. (3)

10

.9

World Poker Tour, LLC 2002 Unit
 Option Plan. (3)

10

.10

Letter Agreement dated as of
 June 25, 2004 by and between World Poker Tour, LLC and the
 Travel Channel L.L.C. (3)

10

.11

Form of Indemnification Agreement
 between WPT Enterprises, Inc. and directors and officers of WPT
 Enterprises, Inc. (3)

10

.12

Employment Agreement dated
 April 15, 2004 by and between World Poker Tour, LLC and
 Audrey Kania. (3)

10

.13

Employment Agreement dated
 April 15, 2004 by and between World Poker Tour, LLC and
 Robyn Moder. (3)

10

.14

Amendment Number 3, dated
 June 23, 2004 to Acquisition Master Agreement dated
 August 22, 2003, by and between The Travel Channel, L.L.C.
 and WPT Enterprises, Inc. (f/k/a World Poker Tour,
 LLC). (4)

10

.15

Office Lease, dated as of
 September 24, 2004, by and between Wilshire Courtyard
 L.L.C. and WPT Enterprises, Inc.(5)

10

.16

Amendment Number 5, dated
 August 18, 2004 to Acquisition Master Agreement dated
 August 22, 2003, by and between The Travel Channel, L.L.C.
 and WPT Enterprises, Inc. (f/k/a World Poker Tour, LLC).
 (5)

10

.17

Amendment Number 6, dated as of
 October 13, 2004 to Acquisition Master Agreement dated
 August 22, 2003, by and between The Travel Channel, L.L.C.
 and WPT Enterprises, Inc. (f/k/a World Poker Tour,
 LLC). (6)

10

.18

Brand License and Online Casino
 Operating Agreement dated January 19, 2005 by and between
 WPT Enterprises, Inc. and WagerWorks Alderney 3
 Limited. (7)

10

.19

Amendment Number 2, dated as of
 January 25, 2006 to Acquisition Master Agreement dated
 January 22, 2003, and Amendment Number 7, dated as of
 January 25, 2006 to Acquisition Master Agreement dated
 August 22, 2003, by and between Discovery Communications,
 Inc. and WPT Enterprises, Inc.

61

Table of Contents 

10

.20

Acquisition Master Agreement,
 dated as of January 25, 2006, by and between WPT
 Enterprises, Inc. and Discovery Communications, Inc. 

10

.21

Employment Agreement dated
 April 1, 2005 by and between WPT Enterprises, Inc. and
 Steven Lipscomb. (8)

23

.1

Consent of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm.

31

.1

Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(e) 
 and
 15d-15(e) as
 adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002.

31

.2

Certification of Chief Financial
 Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(e) 
 and 15d-15(e) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32

.1

Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32

.2

Certification of Chief Financial
 Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

(1) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the
 Form S-1 
 registration statement of the registrant (File
 No. 333-114479). 

(2) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the
 Form S-1 
 registration statement of the registrant (File
 No. 333-114479). 

(3) 

Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the
 Form S-1 
 registration statement of the registrant (File
 No. 333-114479). 

(4) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Form 10-Q 
 report of the registrant for the quarter ended July 4, 2004. 

(5) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Form 10-Q 
 report of the registrant for the quarter ended October 3,
 2004. 

(6) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the
 Form 10-K 
 of the registrant for the year ended January 2, 2005. 

(7) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Form 10-Q 
 report of the registrant for the quarter ended April 3,
 2005. 

(8) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Form 8-K 
 report of the registrant filed on April 6, 2005. 

Compensation plan or agreement. 

Confidential treatment has been requested as to certain portions
 of this exhibit pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act
 of 1933, as amended. 

Confidential treatment has been requested as to certain portions
 of this exhibit pursuant to
 Rule 24b-2 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

62

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be
 signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
 authorized.

WPT ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Registrant 

By: 

/s/ Steven Lipscomb

Steven Lipscomb

President and Chief Executive Officer

Dated: March 8, 2006

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, this report has been signed on March 8, 2006 by the
 following persons on behalf of the Registrant, in the capacities
 indicated.

Signature 

Title 

/s/ Steven Lipscomb 
 
 Steven
 Lipscomb

Founder, Chief Executive
 Officer, 
 President and Director

/s/ W. Todd Steele 
 
 W.
 Todd Steele

Chief Financial Officer (principal
 accounting officer), 
 Treasurer and Secretary

/s/ Lyle Berman 
 
 Lyle
 Berman

Chairman of the Board

/s/ Timothy J. Cope 
 
 Timothy
 J. Cope

Director

/s/ Ray Moberg 
 
 Ray
 Moberg

Director

/s/ Bradley Berman 
 
 Bradley
 Berman

Director

/s/ Glenn Padnick 
 
 Glenn
 Padnick

Director

/s/ Joseph
 Carson, Jr. 
 
 Joseph
 Carson, Jr.

Director

/s/ Mimi Rogers 
 
 Mimi
 Rogers

Director

/s/ Michael
 Beindorff 
 
 Michael
 Beindorff

Director

63

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT
 INDEX 

3

.1

Certificate of Incorporation of
 WPT Enterprises, Inc.(l)

3

.2

Bylaws of WPT Enterprises, Inc.(2)

4

.1

Form of Specimen Stock
 Certificate.(3)

10

.1

Acquisition Master Agreement,
 dated as of January 22, 2003, by and between World Poker
 Tour, LLC and the Travel Channel, L.L.C. (3)

10

.2

Acquisition Master Agreement,
 dated as of August 22, 2003, by and between World Poker
 Tour, LLC and the Travel Channel, L.L.C. (3)

10

.3

Letter dated May 20, 2004
 from the Travel Channel, L.L.C. to World Poker Tour,
 LLC. (3)

10

.4

Amended and Restated Loan
 Agreement, dated as of March 4, 2002, by and between World
 Poker Tour, LLC and Lakes Poker Tour, LLC. (3)

10

.5

WPT Enterprises, Inc. 2004 Stock
 Incentive Plan. (3)

10

.6

Management and Contribution
 Agreement, dated as of March 4, 2002, by and between Steven
 Lipscomb and World Poker Tour, LLC. (3)

10

.7

Amendment to Management and
 Contribution Agreement dated as of March 22, 2004 by and
 between Steven Lipscomb and World Poker Tour, LLC. (3)

10

.8

Letter Agreement dated as of
 April 14, 2004 by and between World Poker Tour, LLC and
 Steven Lipscomb. (3)

10

.9

World Poker Tour, LLC 2002 Unit
 Option Plan. (3)

10

.10

Letter Agreement dated as of
 June 25, 2004 by and between World Poker Tour, LLC and the
 Travel Channel L.L.C. (3)

10

.11

Form of Indemnification Agreement
 between WPT Enterprises, Inc. and directors and officers of WPT
 Enterprises, Inc. (3)

10

.12

Employment Agreement dated
 April 15, 2004 by and between World Poker Tour, LLC and
 Audrey Kania. (3)

10

.13

Employment Agreement dated
 April 15, 2004 by and between World Poker Tour, LLC and
 Robyn Moder. (3)

10

.14

Amendment Number 3, dated
 June 23, 2004 to Acquisition Master Agreement dated
 August 22, 2003, by and between The Travel Channel, L.L.C.
 and WPT Enterprises, Inc. (f/k/a World Poker Tour,
 LLC). (4)

10

.15

Office Lease, dated as of
 September 24, 2004, by and between Wilshire Courtyard
 L.L.C. and WPT Enterprises, Inc.(5)

10

.16

Amendment Number 5, dated
 August 18, 2004 to Acquisition Master Agreement dated
 August 22, 2003, by and between The Travel Channel, L.L.C.
 and WPT Enterprises, Inc. (f/k/a World Poker Tour, LLC).
 (5)

10

.17

Amendment Number 6, dated as of
 October 13, 2004 to Acquisition Master Agreement dated
 August 22, 2003, by and between The Travel Channel, L.L.C.
 and WPT Enterprises, Inc. (f/k/a World Poker Tour,
 LLC). (6)

10

.18

Brand License and Online Casino
 Operating Agreement dated January 19, 2005 by and between
 WPT Enterprises, Inc. and WagerWorks Alderney 3
 Limited. (7)

10

.19

Amendment Number 2, dated as of
 January 25, 2006 to Acquisition Master Agreement dated
 January 22, 2003, and Amendment Number 7, dated as of
 January 25, 2006 to Acquisition Master Agreement dated
 August 22, 2003, by and between Discovery Communications,
 Inc. and WPT Enterprises, Inc.

10

.20

Acquisition Master Agreement,
 dated as of January 25, 2006, by and between WPT
 Enterprises, Inc. and Discovery Communications, Inc. 

10

.21

Employment Agreement dated
 April 1, 2005 by and between WPT Enterprises, Inc. and
 Steven Lipscomb. (8)

23

.1

Consent of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm.

31

.1

Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(e) 
 and
 15d-15(e) as
 adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002.

31

.2

Certification of Chief Financial
 Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(e) 
 and 15d-15(e) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

64

Table of Contents 

32

.1

Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32

.2

Certification of Chief Financial
 Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

(1) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the
 Form S-1 
 registration statement of the registrant (File
 No. 333-114479). 

(2) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the
 Form S-1 
 registration statement of the registrant (File
 No. 333-114479). 

(3) 

Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the
 Form S-1 
 registration statement of the registrant (File
 No. 333-114479). 

(4) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Form 10-Q 
 report of the registrant for the quarter ended July 4, 2004. 

(5) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Form 10-Q 
 report of the registrant for the quarter ended October 3,
 2004. 

(6) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the
 Form 10-K 
 of the registrant for the year ended January 2, 2005. 

(7) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Form 10-Q 
 report of the registrant for the quarter ended April 3,
 2005. 

(8) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Form 8-K 
 report of the registrant filed on April 6, 2005. 

Compensation plan or agreement. 

Confidential treatment has been requested as to certain portions
 of this exhibit pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act
 of 1933, as amended. 

Confidential treatment has been requested as to certain portions
 of this exhibit pursuant to
 Rule 24b-2 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

65

<EX-10.19>
 2
 v18125exv10w19.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.19

exv10w19 

Exhibit
10.19 

As of January 25, 2006 

WPT Enterprises, Inc. 
5700 Wilshire Blvd. 
Suite 350 
Los Angeles, California 90036 
Attn: Adam Pliska, General Counsel

Re: 

World Poker Tour 

Amendment Number 2 to Season One Agreement 

Amendment Number 7 to Season Two Agreement 

Dear Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to: (i) that certain master agreement (the Season One Master Agreement dated as of January 22, 2003, between WPT ENTERPRISES, INC. f/k/a WORLD POKER TOUR, L.L.C. Producer and THE TRAVEL CHANNEL, L.L.C. TRV respecting the first season if the World Poker
Tour (ii) that certain agreement attached to the Master Agreement (the Season One Attachment ),
dated as of January 22, 2003 between Producer and TRV in connection with the first season of the
television production currently known as the World Poker Tour (the Program and (iii) that
certain fully executed Amendment, dated June 23, 2003 (the First Amendment to Season One
Agreement ). The Season One Master Agreement, the Season One Attachment, as amended by the First
Amendment to Season One Agreement shall collectively be referred to herein as the Season One WPT
Agreement .

Reference is also made to: (i) that certain master agreement (the Season II Master
Agreement ), dated as of August 22, 2003 between Producer and TRV; (ii) that certain agreement
attached to the Master Agreement (the Attachment ), dated as of August 22, 2003, between Producer
and TRV in connection with the second and potentially subsequent seasons of the Program; (iii) that
certain fully executed Amendment to Season 2 Agreement (the First Amendment ), dated as of April
22, 2004; (iv) that certain fully executed Amendment Number 2 to Season 2 Agreement (the Second
Amendment dated as of May 10, 2004; (v) that certain fully executed Amendment Number 3 to Season
2 Agreement dated as of July 23, 2004 Third Amendment (vi) that certain fully executed
Amendment Number 4 to Season 2 Agreement (the Fourth Amendment dated as of June 25, 2004; (vii)
that certain fully executed Amendment 5 to Season 2 Agreement dated as of August 9, 2004 (the
 Fifth Amendment and (viii) that certain fully executed Amendment 6 to Season 2 Agreement dated
as of October 13, 2004 (the Sixth Amendment ). The Season Two Master Agreement and the Season Two
Attachment, as amended by the First Amendment, the Second Amendment, the Third Amendment, the
Fourth Amendment, the Fifth Amendment, and the Sixth Amendment are collectively referred to herein
as the Season Two WPT Agreement .

The Season One WPT Agreement and the Season Two WPT Agreement shall collectively be referred
to herein as the WPT Agreements . (The foregoing description and itemization of the WPT Agreements
is not intended to alter, vary or amend the legal substance or relationship of any of the WPT
Agreements.)

Except as otherwise defined in this amendment (the Amendment ), capitalized terms used but
not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the WPT Agreements. For good and valuable

- 1 -

consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto
hereby agree that the WPT Agreements shall be supplemented and amended as follows:

Section 1. Definitions . As used in the WPT Agreements, the following terms shall have
the following meanings:

(a) Episode Clip shall mean footage shot in connection with the production of an Episode of
the Program which is actually included within the final edit of the Episode delivered to TRV.

(b) Existing Episode shall mean any World Poker Tour episode licensed to TRV pursuant to the
WPT Agreements.

(c) Extended Holdback Date shall mean the date that is two (2) years after the expiration of
the License Period for each Episode, on an Episode by Episode basis.

(d) Existing Holdback Provisions shall mean the following: (i) the first sentence of
Paragraph 5 of the Season One Attachment, (ii) Paragraph 2 of Exhibit A, the Standard Terms and
Conditions, of the Season One WPT Agreement, (iii) the first sentence of Paragraph 11 of the
Attachment to the Season Two WPT Agreement, and (iv) Paragraph 2 of Exhibit A, the Standard Terms
and Conditions, of the Season Two WPT Agreement.

(e) Final Season shall mean the last Season of World Poker Tour events covered by Episodes
ordered by TRV pursuant to the WPT Agreements.

(f) New WPT Season shall mean one or more episodes covering the events of the World Poker
Tour Season immediately following the Final Season, including special events produced in connection
therewith.

(g) New WPT Season Holdback Date shall mean the date that is one (1) year after the Outside
Premiere Date.

(h) Outside New Season Holdback Date is the later of (i) the New WPT Season Holdback Date,
and (ii) the New PPT Season Holdback Date (as defined in the PPT Agreement).

(i) Outside Premiere Date is the earlier of (i) the date of the initial exhibition by TRV of
any Episode produced in connection with the Final Season, and (ii) June 10 of the year following
the year in which the events covered in such New WPT Season commenced. For example: with respect
to Season Four of the World Poker Tour , the Outside Premiere Date shall be the earlier to occur of
(x) the initial exhibition by TRV of any Episode produced in connection with Season Four, and (y)
June 10 of 2006 i.e . the events comprising Season Four commenced in June of 2005).

(j) Outtake Clip shall mean footage shot in connection with the production of an Episode of
the Program which is (i) not actually included within the final edit of the Episode delivered to
TRV, and (ii) not a Sister Clip.

(k) Outtake Clip Holdback Date shall mean the date that is the earlier to occur of: (a) the
date that is six (6) months after the initial exhibition of the Episode from which the

- 2 -

applicable Outtake Clip was taken or shot in connection with, or (b) the date that is nine (9)
months after the delivery of the Episode from which the applicable Outtake clip was taken or shot
in connection with.

(l) Poker Tour Show shall mean a show produced by Producer covering or presenting a poker
tournament or series of poker tournaments other than episodes produced in connection with the
 Professional Poker Tour or the World Poker Tour .

(m) Poker Tour Show Holdback Date shall mean December 31, 2007.

(n) PPT Agreement shall mean that certain Attachment for New Program, dated as of January
25, 2006, between Producer and Discovery Communication, Inc. respecting the license of rights to
DCI in and to the Professional Poker Tour program.

(o) Re-Creation Program shall mean a program depicting a poker tournament using the same
players from a WPT tournament, who were included in an Existing Episode (or actors impersonating
the players) covering such WPT tournament, in which (i) the players are dealt the same hands that
they were dealt in the Existing Episode, and (ii) the players play the hands the same way that the
players played the identical hands in the Existing Episode.

(p) Sister Clip shall mean footage shot in connection with the production of an Episode of
the Program which is (i) not actually included within the final edit of the Episode delivered TRV,
 and (ii) covering the same or substantially the same moments in time as footage included
within the final edit of the Episode delivered to TRV e.g ., without limitation, footage of
the same hand of poker that is featured within the Episode, but from a different camera angle; if
shooting at a 5:1 ratio, the four (4) shots not used in the Episode would be considered sister 
shots of the shot included in the Episode).

Section 2. New Seasons of World Poker Tour . The following provisions shall govern
Producer s exploitation or license of a New WPT Season of the World Poker Tour .

(a) Confirmation of Right to Exploit New Season . Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in the WPT Agreements, if TRV declines to exercise the option to acquire a New WPT Season
of World Poker Tour under Paragraph 4A of the Season Two Agreement and its rights of first
negotiation/last refusal therefor under Paragraph 8A and 8B of the Season Two Agreement have
expired, Producer may exhibit or permit a third party to exhibit the New WPT Season of World Poker
Tour within the Territory in any and all media without restriction other than those in Sections
2(b) and 2(c) below.

(b) Commencement of New Season . Producer shall not exhibit or permit a third party to
exhibit a New WPT Season of the World Poker Tour or any other programs covering World Poker Tour 
events or utilizing the World Poker Tour trademark and logos (excluding Existing Episodes which are
subject to Section 3 below) within the Territory prior to the New WPT Season Holdback Date.
Producer shall not be restricted in any manner from exploiting or permitting a third party to
exploit a New WPT Season or other programs covering World Poker Tour events or utilizing the World
Poker Tour trademarks and logos (excluding TRV-owned marks and Existing Episodes which are subject
to Section 3 below) in the Territory subsequent to the New WPT Season Holdback

- 3 -

Date, even if such New WPT Season or other programs are similar to Existing Episodes, as
clarified in paragraph 4(e) below.

(c) Early Publicity Commencement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the WPT
Agreements, Producer may commence public activities to promote and publicize the premiere of the
New WPT Season within the Territory in any and all media commencing on the date that is thirty (30)
days before the New WPT Season Holdback Date; provided that Producer shall not cause there to be
any promotion of such New WPT Season on any of the DCI Services.

Section 3. Holdback on Existing Episodes . Producer shall not exhibit, or permit a
third party to exhibit, any Existing Episode of World Poker Tour (but not including any outtakes
or Sister Clips to the extent governed by Section 5 below) or versions thereof, on Television
within the Territory prior to the Extended Holdback Date; provided that, Producer may commence
public activities to promote and publicize the broadcast of an Existing Episode within the
Territory in any and all media commencing on the date that is thirty (30) days before the Extended
Holdback Date; and provided further that, nothing contained in this Amendment shall limit
Producer s right to exploit clips/footage from the Existing Episodes in accordance with the WPT
Agreements. Producer shall not be restricted in any manner from exploiting or permitting a third
party to exploit Existing Episodes within the Territory in any and all media subsequent to the
Extended Holdback Date respecting such Episodes.

Section 4. Holdbacks on Poker Tour Shows .

(a) Prior to the Poker Tour Show Holdback Date . Producer shall not exhibit or permit
a third party to exhibit any Poker Tour Show in the Territory on Television prior to the Poker Tour
Show Holdback Date. Subject to Section 4(b) below, Producer shall not be restricted in any manner
from exploiting or permitting a third party to exploit a Poker Tour Show within the Territory in
any and all media subsequent to the Poker Tour Show Holdback Date. For purposes of clarity,
subsequent to the Poker Tour Show Holdback Date, Producer shall have the right to produce a program
or television series for exploitation in any and all media throughout the Universe covering or
presenting a poker tournament or series of poker tournaments, that incorporates or features, inter
alia , hole card cameras, graphical statistics, poker players that might also appear at WPT events,
the game of Texas Hold em or a version thereof, lighting and/or Casinos that might also be featured
in the WPT Program, even if such program or television series is similar to Existing Episodes, as
clarified in paragraph 4(e) below, provided that Producer complies fully with Section 4(b) below.

(b) Subsequent to Poker Tour Show Holdback Date . After the Poker Tour Show Holdback
Date and prior to the Outside New Season Holdback Date, without limiting TRV s rights pursuant to
Paragraph 9 of the Agreement i.e . first negotiation and last refusal rights), Producer has
the right to produce and exploit Poker Tour Shows of any kind via Television in the Territory,
provided (i) such Poker Tour Show does not include Program footage i.e . audio and/or
video) and/or Sister Clips from an Existing Episode prior to the expiration of the applicable
License Period for such Existing Episode, (ii) such Poker Tour Show does not include the WPT theme
song from the Program and/or the title of the Program i.e . World or Poker Tour ),
and/or (iii) such Poker Tour Show is not a Re-Creation Program or a program covering the same WPT
tournament as the tournament covered by the Existing Episode e.g . using Sister Clips or
Outtake Clips). . Producer shall not be restricted in any manner from exploiting or permitting a
third party to exploit a Poker Tour Show that (i) uses the words World or Poker Tour in the
title and/or (ii) uses the WPT or PPT theme song, in any and all

- 4 -

media within the Territory subsequent to the Outside New Season Holdback Date. For purposes
of clarity, subsequent to the Outside New Season Holdback Date, Producer shall have the right to
produce a television series for exploitation in any and all media throughout the Universe covering
or presenting a poker tournament or series of poker tournaments, that incorporates or features,
 inter alia , hole card cameras, graphical statistics, poker players that might also appear at WPT
events, the game of Texas Hold em or a version thereof, lighting and/or Casinos that might also be
featured in the WPT Program, that also has the words World or Poker Tour in the title, and/or
uses the WPT or PPT Theme songs, even if such program or television series is similar to Existing
Episodes, as clarified in paragraph 4(e) below.

(c) Existing Holdback Provisions . This Section 4 supersedes the Existing Holdback
Provisions in their entirety.

(d) Programs that are not Poker Tour Shows . Subject to Section 5 below, the WPT
Agreements shall not be construed to limit Producer s ability to exploit or permit a third party to
exploit programs that are not Poker Tour Shows and/or Existing Episodes (subject to the first
negotiation and last refusal provisions in paragraphs 8 and 9 of the WPT Agreement) throughout the
Universe in any and all media at all times.

(e) Clarification. It is acknowledged that, without limiting any of the provisions of
this Amendment, Producer s right to produce and exploit Poker Tour Shows after the Poker Tour Show
Holdback Date includes the right to produce and exploit shows that are similar to Existing
Episodes, and that poker shows such as (i) Celebrity Poker (on Bravo), (ii) World Series of Poker
(on ESPN), and (iii) Hollywood Hold Em (on E!) each would be deemed acceptable by TRV (i.e., if
produced and exploited by Producer) and would not violate TRV s rights during such period under the
WPT Agreement, as amended hereby.

Section 5. Clip Rights . Notwithstanding TRV s exclusive rights in the Program and any
other provisions to the contrary under this Agreement, and in addition to Producer s right to
exploit clips from the Program pursuant to the WPT Agreements:

(a) Outtake Clips . Except as otherwise set forth in the WPT Agreements, Producer shall
not exploit Outtake Clips on Television within the Territory prior to the Outtake Clips Holdback
Date. Producer reserves the right, subsequent to the Outtake Clips Holdback Date and prior to the
expiration of the License Period for the Existing Episode from which the clip was cut or shot in
connection with, to exploit Outtake Clips as follows: (i) provided the applicable Outtake Clips do
not include any WPT, PPT and/or TRV branding or mentions of any kind, then such Outtake Clips may
be exploited throughout the Territory in any and all media; and (ii) if the applicable Outtake
Clips include any WPT, PPT and/or TRV branding or mentions of any kind, then such Outtake Clips may
only be used on the Internet (i.e., the World Wide Web), subject to paragraph 5(c) below (re
Prohibited Sponsors). Producer shall not be restricted in any manner from exploiting or permitting
a third party to exploit: (x) Outtake Clips outside of the Territory at any time; and/or (y)
Outtake Clips i.e. , for the purposes of clarification, in no event may such clips include
any materials owned, created and/or added by TRV at any time) within the Universe in any and all
media subsequent to the expiration of the License Period for the Existing Episodes from which the
clips were cut from or shot in connection with.

- 5 -

(b) Sister Clips and Episode Clips . Except as otherwise set forth in the WPT
Agreements, Producer shall not exploit Sister Clips or Episode Clips on Television within the
Territory prior to the expiration of the License Period respecting the Episode from which the
applicable Sister Clips or Episode Clips, as applicable, were taken. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, subject to paragraph 5(c) below, Producer shall have the right to commercially exploit
up to a maximum of five minutes of Episode Clips and Sister Clips from an Episode after the Outtake
Clip Holdback Date on the Internet (i.e., the world wide web), solely for an online
educational/instructional program concerning poker (i.e., a how to play poker program or series)
(the Authorized Educational Use ( i.e. , for the purposes of clarification, in no event
may such clips include any materials owned, created and/or added by TRV after delivery). The
parties acknowledge and agree that Producer shall have the unrestricted right to exploit Sister
Clips and Episode Clips i.e. , for the purposes of clarification, in no event may such
clips include any materials owned, created and/or added by TRV at any time) throughout the Universe
in any and all media, subsequent to the expiration of the License Period respecting the Episode
from which the applicable Sister Clips or Episode Clips, as applicable, were taken or shot in
connection with.

(c) The rights reserved by Producer in this Section 5 respecting the exploitation by Producer
of the Outtake Clips, Sister Clips and Episode Clips shall not be construed to permit Producer to
stream an Episode or a virtual reconstitution thereof on the Internet or elsewhere on Television in
the Territory prior to the expiration of the Extended Holdback Date. Producer represents and
warrants that Producer shall not exclude footage from the Program for the purpose of retaining the
best footage for use as Outtake Clips. In addition, prior to the expiration of the applicable
License Period, in no event shall authorized uses of the Outtake Clips, the Sister Clips or the
Episode Clips be made, if the applicable clips include any branding for or identification of WPT,
PPT and/or TRV, where the use is sponsored by or proximate to (i.e., visible or audible
simultaneously with) references to or advertising for products in the following categories: illegal
activity of any kind (for the purposes of clarity a sponsorship for a casino located in a state
where gambling is illegal would be prohibited, but a sponsorship for a casino located in a place
where gambling is legal would be permissible); tobacco; firearms; sexual aids (e.g., Viagra and
condoms); pornography and hard alcohol (collectively Prohibited Sponsors ), provided that it is
expressly agreed that in the event that TRV s policies change with respect to sponsorship by any of
the Prohibited Sponsors, TRV will notify Producer and Producer will have the right to seek
sponsorship as may be permitted by the revised policy, and provided further that Producer shall
have the right to propose an exception for any product(s) from the Prohibited Sponsor categories,
and DCI will consider such request for an exception in good faith. Failure by TRV to so notify
Producer of a change in its sponsorship policies shall not be deemed a breach of this Agreement.
By way of example, with respect to Internet use, no Prohibited Sponsors may appear adjacent to or
on the same page view with (i.e., not inclusive of any pop-ups over which Producer has no control)
the applicable clip hereunder; that is, any sponsorship by Prohibited Sponsors must be at least one
click away from the authorized Internet use of the clips).

Section 6. Limitation on Restrictions . Nothing contained in the WPT Agreements shall
be construed to restrict Producer s right to produce and exploit, or construed to accord TRV any
rights e.g . rights to holdback, exclusivity, exploitation, negotiation, acquisition, or
limitation) with respect to any of the following: (a) the Professional Poker Tour or any programs
related thereto, (b) programs that are not covering or presenting poker tournaments e.g . a
dog show), and/or (c) programs that are not produced for Television exploitation in the Territory
and which in fact are not so exploited in the Territory e.g . poker and other programs
produced for foreign networks).

- 6 -

Section 7. Miscellaneous Provisions. 

(a) Assignment of Trademark Rights . Producer will promptly quitclaim to TRV all of
Producer s right, title and interest in and to the marks Wednesday Night is Poker Night , Every
Night is Poker Night and any substantially similar mark(s) (collectively, the Transferred Marks and all goodwill therein. , Producer will also assign any existing trademark application for the
Transferred Marks (the Applications ), with the understanding that if such applications cannot for
any reason be assigned, Producer will withdraw the same with prejudice. Except to the extent set
forth below, Producer represents that it has not assigned, licensed, transferred or encumbered the
Applications, the Transferred Marks or their goodwill. Producer makes no representations or
warranties respecting the validity or protectability of the Transferred Marks. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, TRV acknowledges that the Wednesday Night is Poker Night currently appears on the
back of the Shuffle Up and Deal book by Mike Sexton for distribution throughout the world (the
 Book Use ), and on die cast toy tractor-trailors produced by FFERTL III, Inc. (the Die Cast Use for distribution in the United States, under licenses from Producer (the Book Use and the Die Cast
Use, collectively, the Existing Licenses ). Producer represents and warrants as follows: (i) The
Book Use was authorized for a term not to exceed ten (10) years, (ii) the Die Cast Use was
authorized for a term that expires October 31, 2007; (iii) Producer will not authorize any
extensions of the Existing Licenses (i.e., that include any Transferred Marks) nor any further use
of any Transferred Marks in connection with such Existing Licenses or otherwise. TRV agrees that
it will not disturb the Existing Licenses.

(b) Attorneys Fees . The prevailing party in any litigation between or including the
parties hereto arising out of or relating to the WPT Agreement shall be entitled to an award of its
reasonable attorney s fees and costs and charges incurred in such litigation.

(c) Notice of Material Breach and Right to Cure . If any party to the WPT Agreements
believes that the other party has committed a material breach of any provision thereof, then such
party must provide notice in writing, specifying the alleged material breaches and specifying the
requested steps necessary to cure such breaches, and provide fifteen calendar days from the date of
receipt of such notice for the other party or parties to cure such alleged material breach. This
provision is a material pre-condition to the institution of any litigation by any party hereto
against any other party hereto respecting a breach which is capable of being cured.

(d) Conflicts . In the event of a conflict between any provision of this Amendment and
any provision or provisions of the WPT Agreements, the terms of this Amendment shall control.

- 7 -

Except as otherwise herein expressly amended and supplemented, the WPT Agreements are in all other
aspects hereby ratified and confirmed. Please acknowledge your acceptance of the foregoing by
signing in the space provided below.

Very truly yours, 

THE TRAVEL CHANNEL, L.L.C. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Patrick Younge 

Printed Name: 
 
 Patrick Younge 

Title: 
 
 EVP/GM 

Date: 

WPT ENTERPRISES, INC. 

By:

/s/ Adam Pliska 

Printed Name: 
 
 Adam Pliska 

Title:

General Counsel 

Date:

1/26/06 

- 8 -

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 3
 v18125exv10w20.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.20

exv10w20 

Exhibit 10.20

WPT
Enterprises, Inc. Portions herein identified by have been omitted
pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and have been filed
separately with the Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange
Act, as amended.

ACQUISITION MASTER AGREEMENT 

MASTER AGREEMENT Agreement made as of January 25, 2006, by and between DISCOVERY
COMMUNICATIONS, INC.( Company ), a Delaware corporation, with offices at One Discovery Place,
Silver Spring, Maryland 20910, on the one hand, and WPT ENTERPRISES, INC. Grantor ), with offices
at 1041 North Formosa Avenue, Formosa Building, Suite 99, West Hollywood, CA 90046, on the other
hand.

Company wishes to license from Grantor, and Grantor wishes to license to Company, certain
rights in program(s) in accordance with the terms set forth herein and in the Standard Terms and
Conditions set forth in Exhibit A and the attachment(s) Attachment(s) to be attached hereto.
Defined terms used in this Agreement are set forth in Exhibit B.

Now therefore, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual promises and covenants
contained herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree
as follows:

I. 
 
 Program : 

The Program(s) licensed are set forth in the applicable Attachment.

II. 
 
 License Fee : 

Company shall pay the License Fee set forth in the applicable Attachment in accordance with
the payment terms set forth therein.

III. 
 
 Grant of Rights : 

Company shall have the exclusive right, license and privilege to exhibit, market, distribute,
transmit, perform and otherwise exploit each Program an unlimited number of times on any DCI
Service in the media Media and territory Territory and for the License Period Exhibition
Period set forth in the applicable Attachment.

January 25,
2006 
 (WPT Enterprises, Inc.) 
Acquisition Master Agreement 
Contract ID# 1010430

IV. 
 
 Erasure 

Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, Company shall erase or destroy all copies of
the Materials in its possession.

V. 
 
 Standard Terms and Conditions 

The parties agree that the Standard Terms and Conditions attached hereto as Exhibit A, the
definitions attached hereto as Exhibit B and all Attachments shall be deemed a part of this
Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the latest date set forth
below.

WPT ENTERPRISES, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Adam Pliska 

Printed Name: 
 
 Adam Pliska 

Title: 
 
 General Counsel 

Date: 
 
 1/26/06 

DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Patrick Younge 

Printed Name: 
 
 Patrick Younge 

Title: 
 
 EVP/GM Travel Channel 

Date: 

January 25,2006 
 (WPT Enterprises, Inc.) 
Acquisition Master Agreement 
Contract ID# 1010430

2

PART OF AGREEMENT BETWEEN DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND 
WPT ENTERPRISES, INC. 
DATED AS OF JANUARY 25, 2006

EXHIBIT A 
 STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

The following terms and conditions shall apply to the Agreement to which this Exhibit is
attached:

1. 
 
 INTENTIONALLY OMITTED 

2. 
 
 Exclusivity 

Except as permitted by Company hereunder, no Program, nor any elements or versions thereof,
shall be exhibited within the Territory during the License Period by means of Television.

3. 
 
 Materials 

3.1 Grantor shall, at Grantor s expense, deliver to DCI, all of the program materials Materials set forth in Exhibit B to the Attachment for each Program at the address set forth in
the applicable Attachment, or such other address as Company may designate, no later than the
Delivery Date specified in such Attachment.

3.2 Company shall examine the Materials within sixty (60) days after receipt to determine if
the Materials comply with all applicable Company standards. If the Materials do not comply with
such standards in any respect, Company shall have the right to correct such defects at Grantor s
reasonable cost, or to require Grantor to replace promptly the unacceptable Materials. Company
agrees that if, Company determines, in its sole discretion, that time permits, it shall contact
Grantor and require Grantor to replace promptly the unacceptable materials prior to undertaking to
correct such defects itself. If Company corrects the problem, Company may either (i) offset the
costs incurred by Company against the License Fee payable to Grantor, or (ii) bill Grantor for such
costs and Grantor shall promptly reimburse Company for any such costs upon receipt of DCl s
invoice. Company may make such copies of the Materials as it shall require to exercise its rights
hereunder.

3.3 Delivery of all of the Materials by the Delivery Date for each Program is of the essence
of this Agreement. In the event of any failure of timely delivery by Grantor, in addition to any
other rights which it may have, Company shall have the right to immediately terminate this
Agreement as it relates to the applicable Program, or if DCI, in its discretion, elects to accept
such Program, Company may reschedule the start of the License Period, in DCl s sole discretion. The
Materials delivered to Company hereunder shall be duplicate copies, and Company expressly disclaims
liability for any damage or loss to any original master delivered by Grantor to DCI.

4. 
 
 Consideration 

4.1
Company shall have no obligation to Grantor to exercise any or all of its rights
hereunder, and for each Program, Company shall have fully discharged its duties hereunder by paying
Grantor the applicable License Fee specified in the Agreement.

4.2 In making payment of the License Fee provided in the applicable Attachment, Company shall
withhold all taxes that may be required to be withheld. If Company fails to withhold any taxes,
Company may (a) require Grantor to reimburse Company in the amounts that should have been withheld;
or (b) deduct the amounts that should have been withheld from future payments (if any).

5. 
 
 Incidental Rights 

5.1 DCI, its subsidiaries, affiliates, representatives and agents shall have the right:

(a) To advertise, promote, and publicize the Program, Company and/or DCl s affiliated
programming services worldwide in all media including theme parks Publicity ).
Publicity may incorporate any elements from the Program and elements created by or for DCI. In
connection therewith, Grantor will deliver to Company a reasonable quantity of publicity materials,
including but not limited to pressbooks, artwork, slides and stills. DCl s right to use the
publicity materials hereunder include, without limitation, use in connection with industry awards
events which feature the Program during or after the License Period. No use hereunder shall
constitute an endorsement of any other product or service.

January 25,2006 
 (WPT Enterprises, Inc.) 
Acquisition Master Agreement 
Contract ID# 1010430

Exhibit A -Page 1

(b) To edit, modify or alter the Program in any manner, including but not limited to the right
to dub, subtitle and/or voiceover in any language and other customizations, and to include the
Program as part of an anthology or series of programs under the Program s title or another title
provided that any Program included as part of an anthology or series must be shown in its entirety.
Company shall own all elements it creates Company Program Elements ).

5.2 Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Attachment, Company shall have the right to
edit, remove and/or reposition the Program credits, provided Company will exhibit the customary
credits (e.g., writer, producer, director, talent). Company shall have the right to include credits
for Company production personnel in connection with the Program. The total running length of
program credits, including Company credits, shall not exceed thirty (30) seconds. Casual or
inadvertent failure by Company to accord any credit shall not be deemed a material breach. Upon
written notice Company shall take reasonable steps to prospectively cure any credit defect.

6. 
 
 Warranties 

Grantor hereby represents and warrants as follows:

6.1 Grantor has the right to enter into this Agreement and perform all obligations
hereunder.

6.2 To the extent applicable and unless otherwise set forth in the applicable Attachment, each
Program licensed hereunder shall be documentary in nature and shall not contain any endorsement of
any product or service. In order to maintain DCl s worldwide reputation as a premier source of
highly credible, non-fiction programming, all statements of fact contained in the Program(s) shall
be true and accurate and shall be substantiated by adequate research in keeping with generally
accepted standards for first-class documentary film makers. Moreover, all dramatizations and
reenactments shall be clearly identified as such. Without limiting any additional rights Company
may have under this Agreement, Grantor shall assume all costs reasonably incurred by Company in
order to correct any factual inaccuracies contained in the Program as of the date of delivery.

6.3 Grantor has paid or will pay all charges, taxes, license fees and other amounts that have
been or may become owed in connection with each Program or the exercise of any rights granted
herein, and there are no pending claims, liens, charges, restrictions or encumbrances on any
Program or on such rights.

6.4 The exercise of the rights granted herein by Company and its successors, licensees, and
assignees will not violate any law, regulation or right of any kind whatsoever or give rise to any
actionable claim or liability. Each Program is free of any moral rights or comparable obligations
to any third party.

6.5 No claims have been made or are pending against Grantor or any other individual or entity
arising out of any exhibition of the Program, if any such exhibition has been made.

Company hereby represents and warrants as follows:

6.6 Company has the right to enter into this Agreement and perform all obligations hereunder.
The person executing this Agreement on behalf of Company is fully empowered to do so.

6.7 Company shall exercise only those rights granted to Company hereunder and shall not permit
any use of the Programs in any manner which is inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement.

6.8 There is no present or threatened litigation which might impair Company s ability to
perform its obligations under this Agreement.

7. 
 
 Indemnity 

Each party shall at all times indemnify and hold harmless the other party, its affiliates,
licensees, assignees and parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies, and the officers, directors,
shareholders, employees and agents of all such entities against and from any and all claims,
damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable outside counsel
fees and disbursements) arising out of any breach or alleged breach by it of any representation,
warranty or other provisions hereof. In the event of any claim or service of process upon a party
involving the indemnification hereinbefore set forth, the party receiving such notice shall
promptly notify the other of the claim. The indemnifying party will promptly adjust, settle, defend
or otherwise dispose of such claim at its sole cost. If it so elects, the indemnified party shall
have the right at its sole cost to engage its own counsel in connection

January 25,
2006 
 (WPT Enterprises, Inc.) 
Acquisition Master Agreement 
Contract ID# 1010430

Exhibit A
- - Page 2

with such claim. In the event that the indemnitee determines that the indemnitor is not diligently
and continuously defending any such claim, the indemnitee shall have the right, on its own behalf
and as attorney-in-fact for indemnitor, to adjust, settle, defend or otherwise dispose of such
claim. Any costs incurred by the indemnitee in connection therewith shall be promptly reimbursed by
the indemnitor, and if the indemnitor fails to so reimburse the indemnitee, the indemnitee shall be
entitled to deduct such amounts from any other sums payable to the
indemnitor under the Agreement.

8. 
 
 Protection of Copyright 

8.1 Grantor shall take all reasonable steps to protect all copyrights pertaining to each
Program from infringement and will institute such action and proceedings as may be reasonable to
prevent any unauthorized use, reproduction, exhibition or exploitation by third parties of each
Program, or any part thereof, or the material on which the Program is based which may be in
contravention of the rights granted to Company hereunder.

8.2 If Grantor elects not to take any action in the event of any infringement of copyright
or of
Company s rights hereunder, Grantor shall so notify Company promptly and Company shall have the
right, but not the obligation, to take such action as Company shall deem reasonable in the
circumstances. In the event that Grantor elects not to take any action in the event of any
infringement of copyright or of Company s rights hereunder, Grantor hereby appoints Company its
attorney-in-fact to act in its name to prevent any unauthorized use, reproduction, exhibition or
exploitation of any Program or any part thereof. Any damages awarded or settlement payments made as
a result of any action taken by Company shall remain DCI s property.

9. 
 
 Insurance 

Grantor shall secure a policy of Producer s (Errors and Omissions) liability insurance
applicable to the exhibition of the Program hereunder, having limits of at least 1,000,000 per
occurrence, 3,000,000 in the aggregate, and a deductible of no more than 10,000, with respect to
each loss or claim involving the same offending act, failure to act, or matter whether made by one
or more persons and regardless of frequency of repetition relating to the Program and insuring
Grantor against all liability assumed by Grantor hereunder. Such policy shall be secured at
Grantor s own cost and shall be maintained throughout the License Period. The insurance obtained by
Grantor pursuant to this paragraph 9 shall name Company as an additional insured. Promptly after
securing such policy but in no event later than the Delivery Date, Grantor shall furnish Company
with a customary certificate attesting to such insurance and outlining its terms and limits.

10. 
 
 Relationship of Parties 

Nothing contained in this Agreement shall create any partnership or joint venture between the
parties. Neither party may make binding commitments on the part of the other, except as otherwise
specifically agreed hereunder. This Agreement is not for the benefit of any third party not a
signatory hereto and shall not be deemed to give any right or remedy to any such party whether
referred to herein or not.

11. 
 
 Notices 

Notices shall be in writing and delivered by personal delivery; first class certified or
registered mail, return receipt requested; U.S. Express mail, or an express overnight service (such
as Federal Express); or telecopier (with confirmation and concurrent mailing), addressed as set
forth in the Agreement or such other address designated by a party in writing. Notice shall be
deemed to have been given when actually received.

12. 
 
 Default 

If Grantor defaults in the performance of any of its material obligations hereunder (with the
exception of a default in delivery which is covered in paragraph 3.3 hereof) and such default shall
not be cured within ten (10) days after written notice thereof to Grantor, or if Grantor
becomes insolvent, or if a petition under any bankruptcy act shall be filed by or against
Grantor which petition, if filed against Grantor, shall not have been dismissed within sixty (60)
days thereafter, or if Grantor executes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or if a
receiver is appointed for the assets of Grantor, or if Grantor takes advantage of any insolvency or
any other like statute (any of the above acts are hereinafter called Event of Default ), then
Company may, in addition to any and all other rights which it may have against Grantor, terminate
this Agreement by giving written notice to Grantor at any time after the occurrence of an Event of
Default. Notwithstanding such termination, the indemnities, warranties and representations set
forth herein shall remain in full force and effect.

January 25,
2006 
 (WPT Enterprises, Inc.) 
Acquisition Master Agreement 
Contract ID# 1010430

Exhibit A Page 3

13. 
 
 Miscellaneous 

13.1 This Agreement contains the entire understanding and supersedes all prior understandings
between the parties relating to the subject matter herein and this Agreement cannot be changed or
terminated except in a writing executed by both parties. This Agreement may not be assigned by
either party without the prior written consent of the other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either
party may assign this Agreement to a parent, subsidiary or affiliate or to a company to which
either party is sold or into which either party is merged or consolidated; provided such assignment
shall not relieve the assigned party of its obligations hereunder. Each party will, upon the
other s request, promptly furnish to the other copies of such agreements or other documents as the
other may reasonably desire in connection with any provisions of this Agreement.

13.2 All provisions hereof shall be kept strictly confidential by the parties and may not be
disclosed without prior written consent (except that each party may disclose such matters, to the
extent reasonably necessary, to its attorneys, auditors, consultants, shareholders and other
fiduciaries, provided such fiduciaries commit in writing to abide by the confidentiality provisions
set forth in this subparagraph). Grantor shall not issue any non-incidental or derogatory public or
press statements about the Program in the Territory without DCl s prior written permission.

13.3 If either party is materially hampered from performing hereunder by reason of any law,
natural disaster, labor controversy, war, or any similar event Force Majeure failure to perform
shall not be deemed a breach of or default under this Agreement and neither party shall be liable
to the other therefor. If a Force Majeure continues for more than four (4) weeks, then upon notice,
Company may terminate this Agreement as it relates to the applicable Program without further
liability to Grantor, except for appropriate payment or adjustment in regard to payments to be made
hereunder, if any, prior to termination.

13.4 This Agreement shall be construed and enforced under the laws of the State of New York.
Grantor and Company hereby consent to and submits to the jurisdiction of the federal and state
courts located in the State of New York. Grantor and Company waive any defenses based upon lack of
personal jurisdiction or venue, or inconvenient forum.

13.5 If any provision herein is unenforceable then such provision shall be of no effect on
any other provision hereof.

13.6 No waiver of any breach hereof shall be deemed a waiver of any other breach hereof.

13.7 Rights and remedies granted to Company hereunder are cumulative. The exercise of one
shall not diminish or affect any other rights or remedies at law or in equity. Grantor s sole
remedy under this Agreement shall be an action at law for damages; Grantor shall not be entitled to
equitable relief.

13.8 Grantor acknowledges that the names and marks DSC , Discovery Channel , TLC , and any
other Company (or any Company subsidiary or affiliate) trademarks and any logos and variations
incorporating the same, are as between Grantor and Company the exclusive property of Company and
that Grantor has not and will not acquire any proprietary or exploitation rights thereto by reason
of the Agreement unless expressly provided for herein.

January 25,
2006 
 (WPT Enterprises, Inc.) 
Acquisition Master Agreement 
Contract ID# 1010430

Exhibit A Page 4

PART OF AGREEMENT BETWEEN DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND 
WPT ENTERPRISES, INC. 
DATED AS OF JANUARY 25, 2006

EXHIBIT B 
DEFINED TERMS 

MEDIA 

(i) DCI Services shall mean any content services in which Discovery Communications, Inc. DCI has an ownership interest or controls or shares control of content decisions, or to which
DCI supplies content to be packaged with a DCI trademark or logo including the Discovery Channel
logo, TLC logo, Animal Planet logo, Travel Channel logo, Discovery Health logo, Discovery Kids
logo, discovery.com logo, Discovery HD Theater logo or any other DCI logo or trademark.

(ii) Direct Response Home Video shall mean the distribution, licensing, sale, rental, and/or
exploitation via any analog or digital medium (e.g., without limitation, video cassettes, DVDs,
digital videodiscs, compact videodiscs or in any other analogous format now known or hereafter
invented), directly to consumers via any DCI-controlled outlet (including, without limitation, any
DCI Service, any DCI-controlled catalogue and any DCI- controlled retail store), for private
viewing of the visual images and synchronized audio-track by means of playback device which causes
a visual image on the screen of a television receiver, computer or comparable device, where both
the playback device and the receiver are located in the same location.

(iii) Home Video shall mean the distribution, licensing, sale, rental and/or exploitation
via any analog or digital medium (e.g., without limitation, video cassettes, DVDs, digital
videodiscs, compact videodiscs or in any other analogous format now known or hereafter invented),
for private viewing of the visual images and synchronized audio-track by means of playback device
which causes a visual image on the screen of a television receiver, computer or comparable device,
where both the playback device and the receiver are located in the same location.

(iv) Institutional Non-Theatrical Media shall mean the distribution, exhibition, licensing,
sale, rental and/or exploitation on video cassettes, videodiscs, closed circuit or in any other
analogous format, now known or hereafter invented, to schools, libraries, churches, museums, summer
camps, private businesses and other markets customarily referred to as school , educational 
 instructional or institutional provided, Institutional Non-Theatrical Media shall not include
any distribution to any person, entity or venue (including but not limited to those described
above) for any exploitation or exhibition to audiences where a charge for admission is made.

(v) Non-Standard Television shall mean transmission to individual or multiple receivers by
all means of technology, whether now existing or hereafter invented, other than Standard
Television. Non-Standard Television shall include, without limitation, transmission by means of
cable, direct broadcast satellite, pay DTT, LPTV, CATV, SMATV, MMDS, TVRO, microwave, wireless
cable, online, DSL, ADSL, via file server, telephonic, scrambled UHF, super stations, and closed
circuit television systems.

(vi) On-Line Rights shall mean the right to reproduce, copy, modify, adapt, create
derivatives, use or otherwise exploit all or any portion of the Program, elements and/or versions
thereof in combination with or as a composite of other content of any nature, including but not
limited to, text, data, photographs, illustrations and/or video or audio segments or any
combination of the foregoing, and to transmit or deliver the resulting combination or composite
product by means of any telecommunications system or any broadcast technology (whether now known or
hereafter developed), whether analog or digital, capable of reception
and display on and/or through
electronic devices (e.g., personal computers, network computers, televisions, handheld devices,
cell phones or other reception devices, whether now known or hereafter devised) using a central
processing unit to access content, irrespective of whether such networks
or devices are open or proprietary, public or private, or whether a fee is charged or a
subscription or membership is required in order to access such networks or devices. For the
avoidance of doubt, this encompasses, without limitation, any services distributed by means of the
worldwide matrix of interconnecting computers using the TCP/IP protocols or subsequent technologies
and/or protocols such as, but not limited to the Internet 
or World Wide Web or higher speed
connections.

(vii) Standard Television shall mean television distribution by a UHF or VHF television
broadcast station or by unencrypted digital transmission, the video and audio portions of which are
intelligibly receivable without charge by means of standard roof top or television set built-in
antennas; provided, for purposes of this Agreement the broadcast like those in England by the BBC
in which a license fee, tax or similar charge is made for use of a television shall be considered
Standard Television. Without limiting the foregoing, Standard Television shall include
conventional, over-the-air television as well as the collection of retransmission copyright
royalties related thereto.

January 25,2006 
 (WPT Enterprises. Inc.) 
Acquisition Master Agreement 
Contract ID# 1010430

Exhibit B Page 1

(viii) Television shall mean all forms of Standard Television and Non-Standard
Television.

(ix) Transportation Non-Theatrical Media shall mean the distribution, licensing, sale,
rental and/or exploitation on video cassettes, videodiscs or in any other analogous format, now
existing or hereafter invented, to airline, rail, cruise and other markets customarily referred to
as in-flight or transportation (including, without limitation, air, rail or cruise
transportation bearing the flag of any country within the Territory or based in any country within
the Territory, travelling to any country within or outside of the Territory).

January
25, 2006 
 (WPT Enterprises, Inc.) 
Acquisition Master Agreement 
Contract ID# 1010430

Exhibit B -Page 2

TERRITORIES 

(i) Africa Territory shall mean Algeria, Angola, Benin, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Burundi,
Cameroon, Cape Verde, Central African Republic, Chad, Comores Islands, Congo, Djibouti, Egypt,
Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea Bissau, Ivory Coast,
Kenya, Lesotho, Liberia, Libya, Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Mascarenes Islands, Mauritania, Mayotte,
Morocco, Mozambique, Namibia, Niger, Nigeria, Reunion, Rwanda, San Tome Principe, Senegal,
Seychelles, Sierra Leone, Somalia, South Africa, Sudan, Swaziland, Tanzania, Togo, Tunisia, Uganda,
Western Sahara, Zaire, Zambia, Zimbabwe.

(ii) Canadian Territory shall mean Canada, its territories, possessions,
commonwealths, instrumentalities and protectorates.

(iii) Caribbean Territory shall mean Anguilla, Antigua Barbuda, Aruba, Bahamas,
Barbados,
Bermuda, British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands, Cuba, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Grenada,
Guadeloupe, Haiti, Jamaica, Martinique, Montserrat, Netherland Antilles, Puerto Rico, St. Lucia,
St. Kitts Nevis, St. Vincent Grenadines, Trinidad Tobago, Turks Caicos Islands, U.S. Virgin
Islands.

(iv) Central/South Asian Territory shall mean the following: Afghanistan, Brunei, Cambodia,
China, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan, Laos, Macao, Malaysia, Mongolia, Mauritius, Myanmar, North
Korea, Papua New Guinea, Philippines, Seychelles Islands, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand,
Vietnam.

(v) European Territory shall mean Albania, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Commonwealth of
Independent States, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Hungary, Iceland,
Kingdom of Denmark, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Malta, Norway, Poland, Romania,
Slovakia, Slovenia, Sweden, The Netherlands, Yugoslavia (also known as Serbia and Montenegro).

(vi) German Territory shall mean Austria, Germany, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Switzerland,
South Tyrol.

(vii) Iberia Territory shall mean Andorra, Portugal, Spain.

(viii) India Territory shall mean Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan,
Sri Lanka.

(ix) Italy Territory shall mean Capodistria, Italy, Malta, San Marino, Switzerland,
Vatican City.

(x) Latin America Territory shall mean Argentina, Belize, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia,
Costa Rica, Ecuador, El Salvador, Falkland Islands, French Guyana, Guatemala, Guyana, Haiti,
Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Suriname, Uruguay, Venezuela and the Caribbean
Territory (as defined above).

(xi) Middle
East Territory shall mean Aramco, Bahrain, Cyprus, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Jordan,
Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Palestine, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Yemen.

(xii) North American Territory shall mean the United States Territory and the Canadian
Territory.

(xiii) Pacific Rim Territory shall mean Australia, New Zealand, American Samoa, Cook
Islands, Fiji, French Polynesia, Guam, Kiribati Islands, Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Nauru, New
Caledonia, Niue, North Mariana Islands, Palau, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, Wallis 
Futuna Islands, Western Samoa.

(xiv) UK Territory shall mean the United Kingdom of Great Britain, Northern Ireland, Eire,
Isle of Man and the Channel Islands.

(xv) United States Territory shall mean the United States, its territories, possessions,
commonwealths, instrumentalities, protectorates and military bases.

January 25,
2006 
 (WPT Enterprises, Inc.) 
Acquisition Master Agreement 
Contract ID# 1010430

Exhibit B -Page 3

ATTACHMENT FOR NEW PROGRAM 
DATED AS OF JANUARY 25, 2006, BETWEEN DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, INC. COMPANY AND WPT ENTERPRISES, INC. PRODUCER 
TO MASTER AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JANUARY 25, 2006 
BETWEEN DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND WPT ENTERPRISES, INC. 
located at 5700 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 350, Los Angeles, California 90036

1. PROGRAMS 

Com, 

Title: Episode 
 
 Run 

License 
 
 License 

Name 
 
 Time 
 
 Media 
 
 Territory 
 
 Period 
 
 Fee 

Professional Poker
Tour: Season 1; A
five (5) tournament
poker series, each
culminating with a
final championship
table (i.e., for a
total of 5
championship
tables) (Subject to
paragraph 7B, 24
episodes; (each,
an Episode The Professional
Poker Tour
sometimes will
herein be referred
to as the PPT .

120 minutes per Episode

Non-Standard 
Television on any 
DCI Service 
Transportation 
Non-Theatrical 
Media (as defined 
below)

United States 
Territory

4 years, commencing
on the earlier of
(a) the first
exhibition of the
Episode in the
United States
Territory; and (b)
the date which is
sixty (60) days
after delivery to
and acceptance by
Company of the
Episode.

Dollars per
episode for twenty
four (24) Episodes
(i.e. ),
subject to
paragraph 7B below 

2. DELIVERY MATERIALS AND DATE(S) 

The Episodes constituting the Program shall be photographed, mastered and delivered to Company
in accordance with Exhibits D Program Materials and G Technical Specifications attached thereto. The Program shall be produced and delivered in accordance

Date:
January , 2006 Professional Poker Tour 
Contract #: 
Master Code #: 
WPT001/ACQ/Company/PL/SC/CG 

PPT DCI Comments 01 25 06 version 2

-1-

with Exhibit F Production Schedule ). Producer acknowledges that timely delivery is of the
essence of this Agreement with respect to the applicable Program for Season 1 and for all
subsequent Seasons of the Program (if any are produced hereunder). Company acknowledges that
timely payment of the License Fee and each portion thereof in accordance with the Payment Template
and the Payment Schedule is of the essence of this Agreement. For purposes of clarity, Producer
acknowledges that Producer s remedy in the event of breach shall be limited by the terms of
paragraph 13.7 of the Master Agreement and paragraph 17. P. below.

3. LICENSE FEE AND PAYMENT SCHEDULE 

The License Fee shall be payable in accordance with Exhibit C-1 Payment Template and
Exhibit C-2 Payment Schedule ). Company has the right to withhold any payments respecting an
Episode to Producer in the event Producer fails to deliver any of the Program Materials respecting
such episode.

4. ADDITIONAL REGULAR SEASON PROGRAMS 

A. Provided that Company is not in material breach of this Agreement, Company shall have three
(3) consecutive, dependent, exclusive options (each, an Option ), exercisable in Company s
discretion, to require Producer to produce and deliver to Company, additional seasons of the
Program (each, a Season of between twenty-four (24) and twenty-six (26) Episodes per Season
(each, an Additional Series Order ), subject to Paragraph 7 below. Company s Option for each
Season expires on the date sixty (60) days prior to the date (the Option Exercise Deadline of
commencement of production on the first poker tournament of the immediately following Season (the
 Season Commencement Date ). Producer shall inform Company in writing of the Season Commencement
Date for each of Seasons 3 and 4 at least one hundred and eighty days (180) prior to the Season
Commencement Date for such Seasons. If Producer does not inform Company of the Season Commencement
Date at least one hundred and eighty days (180) prior to the Season Commencement Date for Season 3
or 4, the Option Exercise Deadline shall be extended the number of days that notification of the
Season Commencement Date is delayed e.g ., If the Season Commencement Date notification is
ten (10) days late, the Option Exercise Deadline shall be moved to a date which is fifty (50) days
prior to the Season Commencement Date). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
the Option Exercise Deadline for Season 2 shall be April 1, 2006; provided that, Company agrees to
evaluate and notify Producer whether Company is going to elect to exercise the Option as soon as
reasonably possible subsequent to the point in time that Producer delivers six (6) Episodes of the
Season 1 Program to Company in rough cut format if such delivery occurs prior to April 1, 2006.
Company may exercise the Option by notifying Producer in writing of its intention to exercise the
Option on or before the Option Exercise Deadline. If Company elects not to exercise the Option, or
if Company fails to exercise the Option by notifying the Producer in writing prior to or on the
Option Exercise Deadline, then Producer shall have no further obligations to Company with respect
to subsequent Seasons, unless otherwise set forth herein, and Company shall have no further rights
with respect to subsequent Seasons, unless otherwise set forth herein. If an Option is exercised
by Company, all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be equally applicable to each
and all of the Episodes constituting the Additional

-2-

Series Order and shall govern the respective rights, duties and obligations of the parties hereto
with respect to each and all Additional Series Orders, except only as follows:

(i) The applicable Treatment, Production Schedule, Program Materials and Payment Schedule for
the Additional Series Orders shall be subject to Company s approval with respect to each Additional
Series Order; provided however in the event Company requires changes in the Program Materials set
forth in Exhibit D in such a manner as to cause Producer to incur additional cost, Company shall
agree to an increase in the License Fee to accommodate such additional cost, with such increase
subject to Company s approval (not to be unreasonably withheld). The applicable Payment Schedule
for the Additional Series Orders shall be subordinate to the Payment Template (i.e. in the event of
an inconsistency between the Payment Schedule and the Payment Template, the Payment Template shall
control). Producer shall prepare and deliver the Production Schedule to Company, which such
Production Schedule shall be approved by Company within ten (10) business days after receipt from
Producer. Within one (1) week after the Production Schedule for each Additional Series Order is
approved by Company, Company shall prepare and deliver to Producer a Payment Schedule (made in
accordance with the terms of the Production Schedule and the Payment Template) for the applicable
Additional Series Order, and Producer shall have approval rights over such Payment Schedule (not to
be unreasonably withheld); provided that, if for any reason the Payment Schedule is not prepared
and/or approved prior to the accrual of Payment A in accordance with the Payment Template, Company
shall pay the Payment A amount to Producer in accordance with the Payment Template.

B. In the event that Producer continues to organize the PPT events but gives Company notice in
writing within one hundred eighty (180) days subsequent to Company s exercise of the Option for an
Additional Series Order, that Producer or a successor company of Producer through a spin-off,
subsidiary drop down, sale, merger, acquisition or amalgamation Successor Company does not
intend to produce any Programs or Specials (which such election by Producer or Successor Company
shall not be a breach of this Agreement) in connection with such Season, Company, at its election,
shall have the right to contract with another production entity to produce the Programs respecting
that Season and Specials relating thereto (each, a Company Produced Program , collectively, the
 Company Produced Programs ). Producer or Successor Company shall grant to Company a license to use
the Professional Poker Tour names and marks in a manner consistent with the rights granted to
Company in this Agreement for the exploitation of the Company Produced Programs, along with all
other intellectual property rights necessary to comply with and take advantage of the terms of this
Agreement and to produce programs consistent with the quality, theme and content of the Programs,
subject to Company editorial control. In such a case, Company shall own all Television and
Non-Theatrical Rights in these Company Produced Programs throughout the world, in perpetuity.
Producer shall be entitled to a license fee of USD 40,000 for each calendar year in which Company
exploits, or permits a third party to exploit, the Television rights in and to a Company Produced
Program, payable to Producer within thirty (30) days of the initial broadcast of each such Company
Produced Program in each such calendar year. All other rights shall be negotiated in good faith
between the parties provided that Company shall have a right of first negotiation and last refusal
for such rights (as defined in Paragraph 7 below).

5. Intentionally Omitted

-3-

6. Intentionally Omitted

7. ADDITIONAL SERIES EPISODES AND ADDITIONAL SPECIALS WITHIN SEASON 

A. Company shall have pre-approval over any name or identity of an event constituting the PPT;
which such approval shall not unreasonably be withheld by Company.
Company pre-approves the following Casinos and/or events in connection with PPT: PPT Foxwoods, PPT
Bay 101, PPT Commerce Casino, PPT Bellagio and PPT Mirage.

B. (i) Company shall have the right to require Producer to produce up to a maximum of two (2)
additional series Episodes Additional Series Episodes per Season (i.e., over the Twenty Four
Series Episodes per season), subject to payment of the License Fee per Episode Additional Series
Episode Exercise ), provided that Company exercise its Additional Series Episode Exercise on or
before the Option Exercise Deadline for that particular Season. The Company s election to require
any Additional Series Episode shall not require Producer to add an additional Event to the PPT
Tournament (i.e., the two Additional Series Episodes may be constituted from footage from the Five
(5) tournaments constituting the PPT).

(ii) Unless the parties otherwise agree in writing, the License Fee for each Additional Series
Episode shall be per hour.

(iii) The applicable Treatment, Production Schedule, Program Materials and Payment Schedule
for the Additional Series Episodes shall be subject to Company s approval with respect to each
Additional Series Episode; provided however in the event Company requires changes in the Program
Materials as set forth in Exhibit D in such a manner as to cause Producer to incur additional cost,
Company shall agree to an increase in the License Fee to accommodate such additional cost, with
such increase subject to Company s approval (not to be unreasonably withheld). The applicable
Payment Schedule for the Additional Series Episodes shall be subordinate to the Payment Template
(i.e. in the event of an inconsistency between the Payment Schedule and the Payment Template, the
Payment Template shall control). Producer shall prepare and deliver the Production Schedule to
Company, which such Production Schedule shall be approved by Company within ten (10) business days
after receipt from Producer. Within one (1) week after the Production Schedule for each Additional
Series Episode is approved by Company, Company shall prepare and deliver to Producer a Payment
Schedule (made in accordance with the terms of the Production Schedule and the Payment Template)
for the applicable Additional Series Episode, and Producer shall have approval rights over such
Payment Schedule (not to be unreasonably withheld; provided that, if for any reason the Payment
Schedule is not prepared and/or approved prior to the accrual of Payment A in accordance with the
Payment Template, Company shall pay the Payment A amount to Producer in accordance with the Payment
Template.

C. Company and Producer may mutually agree to add additional specials for any given Season Additional Specials ). For purpose of clarity, there shall be no obligation on Company to agree
to any further Additional Specials, and there shall be no obligation on Producer to delivery any
further Additional Specials pursuant to this Agreement. Except as

-4-

mutually agreed by the parties in writing, all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement
hereof shall be equally applicable and shall govern the respective rights, duties and obligations
of the parties hereto with respect to each and all of such Additional Specials provided that: The
applicable, Production Schedule, Production Materials and Payment Schedule for the Additional
Specials shall be subject to the mutual approval of the Parties with respect to each Additional
Special; provided however in the event Company requires changes in the Program Materials set forth
in Exhibit D in such a manner as to cause Producer to incur additional cost, Company shall agree to
an increase in the License Fee to accommodate such additional cost, with such increase on subject
to Company s approval (not to be unreasonably withheld). The applicable Payment Schedule for the
Additional Specials shall be subordinate to the Payment Template (i.e., in the event of an
inconsistency between the Payment Schedule and the Payment Template, the Payment Template shall
control). Producer shall prepare and deliver the Production Schedule to Company, which such
Production Schedule shall be approved by Company within ten (10) business days after receipt from
Producer. Within one (1) week after the Production Schedule for the Additional Specials is
approved by Company, Company shall prepare and deliver to Producer a Payment Schedule (made in
accordance with the terms of the Production Schedule and Payment Template) for the applicable
Additional Special, and Producer shall also have approval rights over such Payment Schedule (not to
be unreasonably withheld; provided that, if for any reason the Payment Schedule is not prepared
and/or approved prior to the accrual of Payment A in accordance with the Payment Template, Company
shall pay the Payment A amount to Producer in accordance with the Payment Template. Unless the
parties otherwise agree in writing, the License Fee for each
Additional Special shall be 
per hour.

D. Producer acknowledges and agrees that Producer will maintain first-class production values
in keeping with current cable television industry standards at the time of production taking into
account the Company-approved budget.

8. ADDITIONAL PPT SEASON PROGRAMS AFTER FINAL OPTION/ FIRST NEGOTIATION, LAST REFUSAL 

A. If Company exercises its third Option under Paragraph 4 above (for the Season 4 Programs),
and provided that Company is not in material breach of this Agreement, Company shall have an
exclusive right of first negotiation and last refusal with respect to the development and/or
production of any additional program(s) covering, or presenting Professional Poker Tour tournaments
(e.g., Professional Poker Tour V) Additional PPT Season Program(s) ). Producer agrees to notify
Company in writing in the event Producer (either itself or through any other entity) elects to
produce any Additional PPT Season Program(s), one hundred and eighty (180) days prior to beginning
of the applicable PPT event, thus triggering Company s right of first negotiation and last refusal.
The parties shall negotiate exclusively and in good faith for a period of sixty (60) days after
Company s receipt of such notice (the Exclusive Negotiation Period with respect to the terms and
conditions for Company s participation in the exploitation of such Additional PPT Season
Program(s).

B. If Company notifies Producer that it is no longer interested in the Additional PPT Season
Program(s) or the foregoing negotiations between the parties with respect to such Additional PPT
Program(s) do not result in an agreement, Producer shall thereafter be free to enter into
negotiations with any third party with respect to such Additional PPT Season

-5-

Program(s), provided, Producer will notify Company in writing of the material terms of any
third-party offer Producer would like to accept, and Company shall thereafter have a period of
fifteen (15) days to match and preempt such offer by giving Producer written notice of its
acceptance of the material terms contained in the notice to Company. If Company fails to match and
preempt the third-party offer, Producer will be free to accept such third-party offer. In the
event the third-party offer shall not materialize into an agreement with the third party, the last
refusal rights of Company shall be in full force and effect with respect to any succeeding
third-party offer(s). However, in the event the third-party offer does materialize into an
agreement with the third party, the rights of first negotiation and last refusal of Company shall
terminate, and Producer shall have no further obligations, unless otherwise set forth herein, and
Company shall have no further rights with respect to any Additional PPT Season Programs, unless
other wise set forth herein.

9. NON-PPT PROGRAMS / FIRST NEGOTIATION, LAST REFUSAL 

A. Provided that Company is not in material breach of this Agreement, and other than with
respect to any programs related to the World Poker Tour , Company shall have an exclusive right of
first negotiation and last refusal with respect to the development and/or production of any
program(s) covering or presenting poker tournaments that are not related to the PPT Non-PPT
Program(s) ). Producer agrees to notify Company in writing in the event Producer (either itself or
through any other entity) elects to produce any Non-PPT Program. The parties shall negotiate
exclusively and in good faith for a period of sixty (60) days after Company s receipt of such
notice (the Exclusive Negotiation Period with respect to the terms and conditions for Company s
participation in the exploitation of each such Non-PPT Program.

B. If Company notifies Producer that it is no longer interested in the Non-PPT Program or the
foregoing negotiations between the parties with respect to such Additional Non-PPT Program does not
result in an agreement, Producer shall thereafter be free to enter into negotiations with any third
party with respect to such Additional Non-PPT Program, provided, Producer will notify Company in
writing of the material terms of any third-party offer Producer would like to accept, and Company
shall thereafter have a period of fifteen (15) days to match and preempt such offer by giving
Producer written notice of its acceptance of the material terms contained in the notice to Company.
If Company fails to match and preempt the third-party offer, Producer will be free to accept such
third-party offer. In the event the third-party offer shall not materialize into an agreement with
the third party, the last refusal rights of Company shall be in full force and effect with respect
to any succeeding third-party offer(s). However, in the event the third-party offer does
materialize into an agreement with the third party, the rights of first negotiation and last
refusal of Company shall terminate, and Producer shall have no further obligations, and Company
shall have no further rights with respect to such Non-PPT Program.

10. FIRST NEGOTIATION/LAST REFUSAL RESPECTING ACQUISITION OF RIGHTS TO PROFESSIONAL POKER
TOUR 

A. In the event that Producer or Successor Company decides not to organize any future PPT
Events, Producer shall give Company formal notice in writing of such election within one hundred
eighty (180) days of Producer s such decision and, provided that Company is not in

-6-

material breach of this Agreement, Company, at its election, shall have the right of first
negotiation and last refusal to acquire all rights to the PPT Event Acquisition so that Company
may continue organizing the Professional Poker Tour Event without Producer s or Successor
Company s participation. The parties shall negotiate exclusively for a period of sixty (60) days
after Company s receipt of such notice (the Exclusive Negotiation Period with respect to the
terms and conditions for Company s Acquisition.

B. If Company notifies Producer that it is not interested in pursuing the Acquisition, or the
foregoing negotiations between the parties with respect to the Acquisition do not result in an
agreement, Producer shall thereafter be free to enter into negotiations with any third party with
respect to such Acquisition, provided, Producer will notify Company in writing of the material
terms of any third-party offer Producer would like to accept, and Company shall thereafter have a
period of fifteen (15) days to match and preempt such offer by giving Producer written notice of
its acceptance of the material terms contained in the notice to Company. If Company fails to match
and preempt the third-party offer, Producer will be free to accept such third-party offer. In the
event the third-party offer shall not materialize into an agreement with the third party, the last
refusal rights of Company shall be in full force and effect with respect to any succeeding
third-party offer(s). However, in the event the third-party offer does materialize into an
agreement with the third party, the rights of first negotiation and last refusal of Company shall
terminate. Any disposition to a party other than Company shall be subject to Company s rights
under this Agreement with respect to the Program.

11. HOLDBACK 

Except as authorized by Company hereunder, neither the Program, nor, subject to paragraph 18
below, any elements thereof (including outtakes) or versions thereof shall be exhibited on
Television in the United States Territory prior to or during the License Period. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Company acknowledges and agrees that, in the event that Company is not involved in
the production of the Additional Programs, Producer shall have the right to use up to three minutes
(3:00) of consecutive footage and up to five minutes (5:00) of footage in the aggregate from the
Program in, or in connection with, such Additional Program for exploitation on Television in the
United States Territory during the License Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Producer may
utilize clips from the Program in the promotion of the PPT on Television in the United States
Territory during the License Period, provided that no individual clip exceeds 2 minutes of
consecutive footage or seven (7) minutes of footage in the aggregate, without Company s prior
written approval. Producer shall include the Travel Channel bug or a constant Chyron on such
promotional clips where practicable, provided that Company shall have the right to cause Producer
to remove the bug or Chyron at Company s request (Provided that such removal shall be done on a
prospective basis). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, and only with
regards to online exploitation of clips from the Program, Producer may use clips of up to five (5)
consecutive minutes and of up to ten (10) minutes in the aggregate for promotional purposes only.
Any other online use shall require Company s prior written approval.

-7-

12. PREMIERE STATUS 

Producer represents and warrants that the Episodes respecting Seasons subsequent to the first
Season have not been and will not be exhibited on any form of Television prior to the commencement
of the License Period and Company shall have the world premiere of each Episode constituting the
Program provided that Company exhibits such Episode within ninety (90) days of delivery to and
acceptance by Company of the final Program Materials deliverable hereunder for such Episode, such
acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Producer represents and warrants that the
Episodes respecting the first Season have not and will not be exhibited on any form of Television
prior to March 1, 2006.

13. CREDITS 

A. The parties agree that the Program and all versions thereof shall contain the production
credit for Company and Producer as set forth below in all media in the Territory. At its option
and expense, Company may substitute another Company-affiliated entity in the production credit or
remove its credit.

Produced by WPT Enterprises, Inc. for Travel Channel 

B. The parties agree that the Program and all versions thereof shall contain the production
credit for Company in the end titles as set forth below in all media outside of the Territory. At
its option and expense, Company may substitute another Company entity in the production credit or
remove its credit.

Produced by WPT Enterprises, Inc. In Association with Travel Channel 

C. Producer shall receive an on-screen logo credit in the Program.

D. Steven Lipscomb and, at Producer s election, an alternative person approved by Company,
shall receive exclusive Executive Producer credit(s) in the Program and Steven Lipscomb shall
receive sole Created By credit in the Program. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company shall be
entitled to include a Network Executive Producer credit in the Company credits section of the
Program.

E. Producer may remove the Company credit outside of the United States Territory only if
Producer can provide a written explanation to Company that demonstrates to Company that the Company
credit would prevent sales of the Program to a third party.

F. Company agrees not to remove any of the credit categories listed in the Credit Exhibit
attached hereto Exhibit E ). Producer may modify the persons entitled to such credits based on
the contributions made in connection with each Episode, provided that such modifications(s) will
not materially extend the length of the credits. Nothing shall restrict Company s ability to
reposition or speed up the credits as set forth in the Master.

-8-

14. SPONSORSHIPS 

A. (i) Without limiting Company s right to sell advertising spots in and around the Episodes (e.g.
:30 and :60 adjacencies and ads during commercial breaks) as well as billboards other than to
hotels/casinos and legal online gambling, etc., subject to paragraph 17R below, neither party
shall be authorized to negotiate and/or enter into agreements concerning sponsorships of the
Program (including, without limitation, entitlement, sponsorship on the table felt (other than as
set forth in the next sentence), secondary sponsorships and/or other integrated sponsorships)
without the prior written approval of the other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to
the table felt, subject to paragraph 14B below, Producer shall have the right to permit the name of
the Company-approved host hotel/casino sponsor to appear on the felt, behind the commentators and
on a banner around the table consistent with the size, form, placement and pervasiveness previously
used in the World Poker Tour series.

(ii) For clarity, Producer shall not authorize any onsite or other sponsorships that include
any television component, and Company shall not sell any audio visually represented sponsorships in
the Program (other than advertising spots and billboards as set forth in Section 14 (A)(i) above)
without the approval of the other party. Both parties will endeavor in good faith to develop and
mutually agree concerning sponsorships hereunder (including, without limitation, amounts payable to
Producer and Company, if applicable, related to the revenue share and Company required media buy).

B. Subject to paragraph 17R below, Producer is hereby authorized to permit players to wear
sponsorship logos on their clothing, with the understanding that (i) any such sponsorship patch
will not be larger than six square inches; and (ii) such sponsors may not be from any of the
following categories: illegal activity of any kind (for the purposes of clarity a sponsorship for a
casino located in a state where gambling is illegal would be prohibited, but a sponsorship for a
casino located in a place where gambling is legal would be permissible); tobacco; firearms;
personal hygiene (e.g. tampons, douches); sexual aids (e.g., Viagra and condoms); pornography, hard
alcohol and broadcast media companies (collectively Banned Products ).

C. All website sponsors that appear in the Program, including, without limitation, on the felt
and on players clothing, must sign the Affidavit as defined and described in paragraph 17R below.
Any websites that are blurred completely so that they are not visible to the viewer do not require
an Affidavit. Company acknowledges and understands that Season I contains footage with on-line
gaming logos; Producer agrees that all such logos shall be fully digitized/blurred by Producer
in-house (i.e., fuzzy blurring as opposed to so called blur on the flame) so that they are not
visible to the viewer.

15. PROMOTION 

A. Producer shall be permitted to incorporate two tosses to Travel Channel s website into each
Episode, which such website shall include a page co-branded with Company and PPT (the Company
Site ), and which such tosses shall be subject to Company s approval. The

-9-

Company Site will contain prominent links to the Professional Poker Tour web site, subject to
paragraph 17R below, the placement and number of such links to be determined by Company in its sole
discretion. For purposes of clarity and notwithstanding the foregoing, Producer acknowledges and
agrees that, in the event that the Professional Poker Tour website at any time includes the
ability to engage in illegal online gambling, Company shall no longer be required to provide any
links to the Professional Poker Tour website. Company acknowledges that it does not have the right
to use the PPT name, trademark, logo, and/or images in any co-promotion of the Program with an
external third party (other than the use of the title of the Series and for the promotion thereof)
without the express written consent of Producer, which such consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld. For the avoidance of doubt, Producer acknowledges and agrees that nothing in this
paragraph shall restrict Company s right to use the name or logo Professional Poker Tour (as such
name or logo is used as title of the Series) for Company s promotion of the Series or the Company
networks, including advertising with third parties (for purposes of clarity, Company s right to use
the Professional Poker Tour name or logo as set forth herein shall not extend to using the World
Poker Tour name or logo as such name or logo relates to the World Poker Tour entity apart from the
Program in any manner that would imply sponsorship by the World Poker Tour entity of a third
party). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, and subject to Company s right to use the
PPT name and logos as set forth in the preceding sentence, Company acknowledges and agrees that it
shall not use the PPT name logo, images or other intellectual property in a manner that connotes
the PPT s endorsement of a third party name or brand.

B. (i) Company has agreed that the professionalpokertour.com address can be incorporated into the
PPT shows as follows:

1. 
 
 On the overhead flop shot comparable to where it has existed in
Season II of the World Poker Tour series WPT Series 

2. 
 
 In front of the Commentators comparable to where it has existed in the
WPT Series 

3. 
 
 In 4-5 calls to action per show (placement and
content to be approved by Company), e.g. Want to play in a
Professional Poker Tour event? Go to ProfessionalPokerTour.com . 

Such inclusion is subject to the following restrictions:

1. 
 
 In addition to the regular master delivered to
Company, Producer will provide an additional clean master (i.e.
without any ProfessionalPokerTour.com references) to Company for each
future episode to be utilized as set forth herein. 

2. 
 
 ProfessionalPokerTour.com will not contain any
links or advertising to any site that provides illegal online gambling
or other illegal activities Direct Link Sites ). 

3. 
 
 In addition, ProfessionalPokerTour.com will not
contain any links to any other problematic websites (i.e. websites
that may not directly provide illegal online gambling or other illegal
activities but that may be associated closely enough with such a site
as to 

-10-

create an impression or idea of support for such illegal online
gambling or other illegal activities) Indirect Link Sites ). 

4. 
 
 No advertiser banners or pop up windows that
are controlled by Producer and appear on the ProfessionalPokerTour.Com
website will link to any of the problematic websites. In addition,
Producer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to guard against
problematic banners and pop up ads that are served by third parties and
therefore not under the control of Producer. 

5. 
 
 For purposes hereof, link shall be defined as
the ability of a visitor to the ProfessionalPokerTour.com website to
directly click through to another website through a hyperlink or
similar device on the ProfessionalPokerTour.com website. 

(ii) If Company learns of a link that it reasonably believes to be too close to one of the
 problematic websites , Company may at any time thereafter substitute the clean masters for those
containing references to professionalpokertour.com for subsequent broadcasts. If Producer is
unsure as to whether Company would consider a link to be a problematic website then it shall so
advise Company in order for Company to make a determination in its sole reasonable discretion.

(iii). With regards to the links to the Indirect Link Sites, Producer will immediately be
given Notice of the problem and Producer shall have a reasonable amount of time to remove the link
to the violating site. Within a reasonable time after the problem is satisfactorily cured, as
reasonably determined by Company in its sole discretion and to the extent that Company is able to
do so in a reasonable and financially practical manner as determined by Company, the masters
containing references to ProfessionalPokerTour.Com will begin to air again prospectively. If
Producer cannot cure or chooses not to cure the problem, the clean masters may, at Company s
election, continue to be used until the problem is satisfactorily cured as reasonably determined by
Company in its sole discretion or for the remainder of Company s License Period (whichever occurs
first) and Producer will be reimbursed the pro rata share of the PPT.com License Fee for any shows
not yet broadcast.

(iv) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that Producer
breaches the provisions regarding the Direct Link Sites, then Company shall have the right to use
the clean masters. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Producer has in good faith
linked to a website which, without Producer s permission or knowledge, becomes a Direct Link Site,
Producer shall have a period of forty eight hours from the time Producer finds out that such
website has become a Direct Link Site (either by receipt of notice from Company or otherwise) to
remove its link to the violating site before the provisions set forth in the immediately preceding
sentence shall apply. For purposes of clarity, if the link to the violating site is not removed
from the ProfessionalPokerTour.com website, then Company. shall have the right to use the clean
masters and Producer shall not be entitled to any repayment of the PPT.com License Fee.

-11-

16. REVENUE SHARING 

A. Fifteen percent (15 of Producer s Adjusted Gross Revenues (as such term is defined in
Exhibit H) from exploitation of Television Rights, Home Video Rights, Institutional and
Transportation Non-Theatrical Rights, Publishing Rights and Merchandising Rights (as such terms are
defined in this Agreement) in and to the Programs outside the United States Territory Company s
Participation ). Upon termination of this Agreement, the amount of Company Participation shall be
as follows with respect to Merchandising Rights and Publishing
Rights: of Adjusted Gross
Revenues for after termination; of Adjusted Gross Revenues for
 
after termination; and of Adjusted Gross Revenues for after
termination. Thereafter, commencing with the fifth year after termination, Company will not be
entitled to Company s Participation with respect to Merchandising and Publishing Rights.

B. Merchandising Rights shall mean the distribution, licensing, sale or other exploitation
of tangible goods that utilize names, likenesses or characteristics of artists in their roles, or
other personnel, materials or services included in the Program or any episode, or the title, props,
sets, expressions or other elements of the Program, and that are made for sale to the general
public. For clarity, Merchandising Rights do not include Publishing Rights and Home Video Rights,
services, or commercial tie-in rights.

C. Publishing Rights shall mean production, manufacture or other exploitation, by means of
text, still photo and/or still illustration in any format now known or hereafter developed
(including, without limitation, books, magazines and newsletters and customary subsidiary
rights such as paperback reprints, book club publications, audio recordings, etc.).

17. ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 

A. For purposes of this Attachment, Transportation Non-Theatrical Media shall mean the
distribution, licensing, sale, rental and/or exploitation on video cassettes, videodiscs or in any
other analogous format, now existing or hereafter invented, to airline, rail, cruise and other
markets customarily referred to as in-flight or transportation (including, without limitation,
air, rail or cruise transportation bearing the flag of any country within the Territory or based in
any country within the Territory, traveling to any country within or outside of the Territory).

B. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Company acknowledges and agrees that
Producer shall be allowed to provide banner space to its member casinos, around the PPT final table
(subject to the restrictions of Paragraph 17.P. below). Company shall have the right to preapprove
any such banner space and the content of such banners for the casinos in its sole discretion,
provided that such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. Subject to paragraph 17R below,
Company hereby pre-approves PPT Foxwoods, PPT Bay 101, PPT Commerce Casino, PPT Bellagio and PPT
Mirage. For purposes of clarity, the manner and placement of such banners shall be subject to
Company s editorial approval, which shall not be exercised unreasonably.

-12-

C. Company shall exhibit each Episode of the Program at least two (2) times within a period of
twenty-four (24) months from delivery and acceptance of the relevant Episode provided such Episode
is fully compliant with all terms of this Agreement. In the event that Company does not exhibit any
Episode at least twice within such 24 month period, then Company s Non-Standard Television rights
to such Episode (i.e., to the applicable Episode only) shall be non-exclusive.

D. Producer acknowledges that Company deems the provision by Producer of the personal services
of Steve Lipscomb as Executive Producer all times during and in connection with the production of
the Program is of the essence of this Attachment and a material inducement to Company entering into
this Attachment.

E. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Master Agreement, Company shall
have the right to creative and editorial input throughout, and approval over, all aspects of
pre-production, production, post-production and completion of the Program (the Production
Activities ). Company may be present during the Production Activities and shall designate
person(s) as representative(s) for production approvals required herein. Materials submitted for
approval shall be clearly indicated as such. Company approvals shall be exercised within ten (10)
business days of receipt of material, except Company shall have a reasonable amount of time to
approve final delivery of all Program Materials; silence shall not be deemed an approval.

F. The Program shall be delivered to Company free of encumbrances (other than music
performance society payments to ASCAP, BMI, SESAC and each of their foreign affiliates) including,
without limitation, liens, security interests, collective bargaining agreements, residual or reuse
obligations and moral rights or attribution obligations so that Company may exercise its rights
hereunder without any payments or obligations to any third party. Producer shall obtain written
releases and/or licenses for all elements in the Program (e.g., stock footage and photos, people,
music, graphics and other artwork, trademarks and locations) as necessary to ensure that the
Program is in compliance with the preceding sentence Written Releases ). Producer may not
include in the Program any encumbered elements without prior written approval from Company.

G. For purposes of clarity, Producer shall be entitled to promote and publicize the
Professional Poker Tour event itself or the individual events comprising the Professional Poker
Tour. Producer acknowledges and agrees that Company shall have the exclusive right to control the
promotion and publicity regarding the Program. Company shall consult with Producer with regards to
the form and content of press releases created by Company regarding the Program.

H. Company acknowledges and agrees that it has not, as a result of this Agreement, or as a
result of its exercise of any of its editorial approvals hereunder, acquired an ownership interest
in whole or in part in the Program or the copyright therein.

I. Company acknowledges and agrees that it shall not have the right to repurpose this Program.

-13-

J. Company acknowledges and agrees that the provisions of paragraph 6.2 of Exhibit A of the
Master Agreement shall only apply to the extent that factual statements are being made by a
narrator, host, in a voiceover, or through on-screen graphics but shall not apply to statements
made by tournament participants. In addition, Producer represents and warrants that Producer will
ensure that all player participants in the PPT tournaments agree to comply with all applicable
rules of the game.

K. Company will have the right to approve the talent used for the Program and Episodes covered
by such Additional Series Order (e.g., approval over the Program announcers and host(s)),
consistent with the Company-approved budgets and talent availability. Company hereby preapproves
solely for Season One, Kaye Han, Mark Seif and Matt Corby.

L. Producer represents and warrants that it has or will enter into agreements with the
relevant individual tournaments that will make it possible to maintain a Professional Poker Tour
consisting of the same event (or comparable events if pre-approved by Company) as the event
contemplated under this Agreement and in order for Producer to fully perform under this agreement
for all Season.

M. Intentionally Deleted. See Paragraph 14 above.

N. Producer acknowledges and agrees that all tournaments shall be overseen by an independent
tournament director.

O. Without limiting Company s editorial rights in and to the Program and for purposes of
clarity, Producer acknowledges and agrees that Company s editorial rights include the right to
pixilate, blur and/or remove audio and/or visual elements of contained in the Program.

P. In the event of a material breach, Company shall have fifteen (15) days from notification
by Producer of such breach to cure such breach. In addition, the parties acknowledge and agree
that, notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 12 of Exhibit A to the Master Agreement,
Producer s right to cure as set forth in such Paragraph 12 shall be increased from ten (10) days to
fifteen (15) days from notification to Producer.

Q. Intentionally Omitted

R. (i) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Producer acknowledges and
agrees that it will not permit any .com or .net (i.e., commercial website) company to be a sponsor
of the Program, PPT (and all of its tournaments) and/or PPT.com if such entity permits illegal
gambling and/or online gambling in the United States even if such online gambling in the US becomes
legal. In addition, Producer acknowledges and agrees that it will not permit any .net (i.e.,
educational website) sponsor of the Program, PPT (and all of its tournaments) and/or the PPT
website if such entity permits gambling of any kind. In addition to all of the representation and
warranties set forth in the Master Agreement, Producer represents and warrants to Company as
follows: (i) any .com sponsor of the Program, PPT (and all of its tournaments) and/or the PPT
website will be required by Producer to sign an affidavit, in form

-14-

approved by Company, attesting to the fact that such website does not permit illegal gambling
and/or gambling by in the United States ; and (ii) any .net sponsor of the Program, PPT (and all of
its tournaments) and/or the PPT website will be required by Producer to sign an affidavit, in form
approved by Company, attesting to the fact that such website does not permit gambling of any kind.
The obligations imposed on parties signing Affidavits shall be no more stringent than the
obligations that Company imposes on parties that Company contracts with for online, educational
sites related to gaming that are included within the editorial of non-paid programming.
Notwithstanding anything in this subsection to the contrary, in the event Company determines that
online gambling laws in the US have changed sufficiently so that online gambling in the US becomes
legal and Company elects in its sole discretion to accept online gambling advertising and
sponsorships in the US from third parties, then Company shall offer Producer the same opportunity
in connection with the subject matter of this subsection on the same terms and conditions as such
third party (e.g. day part limitations, disclaimer requirements).

(ii) Without in any way limiting Company s other rights under this Agreement, and
notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, it is understood that Company shall have the right
to prior approval in writing of any and all names and logos that appear in the Program (including,
without limitation, the Professional Poker Tour logo, and any promotional or sponsor logos that may
be featured on the table felt, jackets or otherwise) other than fleeting, incidental appearances
that fall under the so called fair use trademark exception. In addition, without limiting the
provisions of paragraph 17R(i) above, in the event that Company approves the inclusion of the name
and/or logo any website that involves legal online gambling, Producer shall sign or cause to be
signed, as the case may be, one of the forms of affidavit referenced in paragraph 17R(i) above (the
 Affidavit ).

(iii) Attached hereto as Exhibit I and included herein are the forms of Affidavit to be used
by Producer in accordance with this paragraph 17R.

S. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to limit, amend, restrict or otherwise modify the
provisions of the WPT Agreements.

T. Notice of Material Breach and Right to Cure . If any party to this Agreement
believes that the other party has committed a material breach of any provision hereof, then such
party must provide notice in writing, specifying the alleged material breaches and specifying the
requested steps necessary to cure such breaches, and provide fifteen calendar days from the date of
receipt of such notice for the other party or parties to cure such alleged material breach. This
provision is a material pre-condition to the institution of any litigation by any party hereto
against any other party hereto respecting a breach which is capable of being cured.

U. Attorneys Fees . The prevailing party in any litigation between or including the
parties hereto arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be entitled to an award of its
reasonable attorney s fees and costs and charges incurred in such litigation.

-15-

18. ADDITIONAL MODIFYING TERMS

The provisions of this paragraph 18 shall govern notwithstanding anything in this Agreement i.e. , the Attachment and/or the Master) to the contrary.

A. Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
following meanings:

(i) Episode Clip shall mean footage shot in connection with the production of an
Episode of the Program which is actually included within the final edit of the Episode delivered to
Company.

(ii) Existing Episode shall mean any Episode of Professional Poker Tour licensed to
Company pursuant to this Agreement.

(iii) Extended Holdback Date shall mean the date that is two (2) years after the
expiration of the License Period for each Episode, on an Episode by Episode basis.

(iv) Existing Holdback Provisions shall mean the following: (i) the first sentence
of Paragraph 11 of the Attachment to this Agreement, and (ii) Paragraph 2 of Exhibit A, the
Standard Terms and Conditions, of this Agreement.

(v) Final Season shall mean the last Season of Professional Poker Tour events
covered by Episodes ordered by Company pursuant to this Agreement.

(vi) New Season shall mean one or more episodes covering the events of the
 Professional Poker Tour Season occurring immediately following the Final Season, including special
events produced in connection therewith.

(vii) New PPT Season Holdback Date shall mean the date that is one (1) year after
the Outside Premiere Date, provided that, if Producer fails to deliver the Episodes comprising the
first Season of the Program reasonably consistent with the Production Schedule, the New PPT Season
Holdback Date will be the date that is eighteen (18) months following the Outside Premiere Date.

(viii) Outside New Season Holdback Date is the later of (i) the New PPT Season
Holdback Date, and (ii) the New WPT Season Holdback Date (as defined in the WPT Agreements).

(ix) Outside Premiere Date is the earlier of (i) the date of the initial exhibition
by Company of any Episode produced in connection with the Final Season, and (ii) the date that is
four months after the delivery of an Episode produced in connection with the Final Season.

(x) Outtake Clip shall mean footage shot in connection with the production of an
Episode of the Program which is (i) not actually included within the final edit of the Episode
delivered to Company, and (ii) not a Sister Clip.

-16-

(xi) Outtake Clip Holdback Date shall mean the date that is the earlier to occur of:
(a) the date that is six (6) months after the initial exhibition of the Episode from which the
applicable Outtake Clip was taken or shot in connection with, or (b) the date that is nine (9)
months after the delivery of the Episode from which the applicable Outtake clip was taken or shot
in connection with, provided that with respect to the initial Season hereunder, the outside date in
this subsection 18A(xi)(b) shall be twelve (12) months after delivery (i.e., in lieu of 9).

(xii) Poker Tour Show shall mean a program produced by Producer covering or
presenting a poker tournament or series of poker tournaments other than episodes produced in
connection with the Professional Poker Tour or the World Poker Tour .

(xiii) Poker Tour Show Holdback Date shall mean December 31, 2007.

(xiv) Re-Creation Program shall mean a program depicting a poker tournament using
the same players from a PPT tournament, who were included in an Existing Episode (or actors
impersonating the players) covering such PPT tournament, in which (i) the players are dealt the
same hands that they were dealt in the Existing Episode, and (ii) the players play the hands the
same way that the players played the identical hands in the Existing Episode.

(xi) Sister Clip shall mean footage shot in connection with the production of an
Episode of the Program which is (i) not actually included within the final edit of the Episode
delivered Company, and (ii) covering the same or substantially the same moments in time as
footage included within the final edit of the Episode delivered to Company (e.g., without
limitation, footage of the same hand of poker that is featured within the Episode, but from a
different camera angle; if shooting at a 5:1 ratio, the four (4) shots not used in the Episode
would be considered sister shots of the shot included in the Episode).

(xii) WPT Agreements shall mean those certain agreements between Producer and Travel
Channel. respecting the license of rights to Travel Channel in and to the WPT Series.

B. New Seasons of Professional Poker Tour . The following provisions shall govern
Producer s exploitation or license of Episodes produced in connection with a New Season of the
 Professional Poker Tour .

(i) Confirmation of Right to Exploit New Season . Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, if Company declines to exercise the option to acquire a New Season of
 Professional Poker Tour under Paragraph 4A of this Agreement and its rights of first
negotiation/last refusal therefor under Paragraphs 8A and 8B of this Agreement have expired,
Producer may exhibit or permit a third party to exhibit the New Season of Professional Poker Tour 
within the Territory in any and all media without restriction other than those in Sections 18B(ii)
and 18B(iii).

(ii) Commencement of New Season . Producer shall not exhibit or permit a third party
to exhibit a New Season of the Professional Poker Tour or any other programs covering Professional
Poker Tour events or utilizing the Professional Poker Tour trademark and logos (excluding Existing
Episodes which are subject to 18.C. below) within the Territory prior to the New PPT Season
Holdback Date. Producer shall not be restricted in any manner from

-17-

exploiting or permitting a third party to exploit a New Season or other programs covering the
Professional Poker Tour events or utilizing the Professional Poker Tour trademarks and logos
(excluding Company-owned trademarks and Existing Episodes which are still subject to Section C
below) in the Territory subsequent to the New PPT Season Holdback Date, even if such New Season or
programs are similar to Existing Episodes as clarified in paragraph 18D(v) below.

(iii) Early Publicity Commencement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, Producer may commence public activities to promote and publicize the premiere of the New
Season within the Territory in any and all media commencing on the date that is thirty (30) days
before the New PPT Season Holdback Date; provided that Producer shall not cause there to be any
promotion of such New Season on any of the DCI Services.

C. Holdback on Existing Episodes . Producer shall not exhibit, or permit a third party
to exhibit, any Existing Episode of Professional Poker Tour , (but not including any outtakes or
Sister Clips to the extent governed by Section 18.E below) or versions thereof, on Television
within the Territory prior to the Extended Holdback Date; provided that, Producer may commence
public activities to promote and publicize the broadcast of an Existing Episode within the
Territory in any and all media commencing on the date that is thirty (30) days before the Extended
Holdback Date; and provided further that, nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit
Producer s right to exploit clips/footage from the Existing Episodes in accordance with Paragraph
11 of this Agreement. Producer shall not be restricted in any manner from exploiting or permitting
a third party to exploit Existing Episodes within the Territory in any and all media subsequent to
the Extended Holdback Date respecting such Episodes.

D. Holdbacks on Poker Tour Shows .

(i) Prior to the Poker Tour Show Holdback Date . Producer shall not exhibit or permit
a third party to exhibit any Poker Tour Show in the Territory on Television prior to the Poker Tour
Show Holdback Date. Subject to Section 18.D(ii) below, Producer shall not be restricted in any
manner from exploiting or permitting a third party to exploit a Poker Tour Show within the
Territory in any and all media subsequent to the Poker Tour Show Holdback Date. For purposes of
clarity, subsequent to the Poker Tour Show Holdback Date, Producer shall have the right to produce
a program and/or television series for exploitation in any and all media throughout the Universe
covering or presenting a poker tournament or series of poker tournaments, that incorporates or
features, inter alia , hole card cameras, graphical statistics, poker players that might also appear
at PPT events, the game of Texas Hold em or a version thereof, lighting and/or Casinos that might
also be featured in the PPT Program, even if such program or television series is similar to
Existing Episodes, as clarified in paragraph 18D(v) below, provided that Producer complies fully
with Section 18.D(ii) below.

(ii) Subsequent to Poker Tour Show Holdback Date . After the Poker Tour Show Holdback
Date and prior to the Outside New Season Holdback Date, without limiting Company s rights pursuant
to Paragraph 9 of the Agreement i.e . first negotiation and last refusal rights), Producer
has the right to produce and exploit Poker Tour Shows of any kind via Television in the Territory,
provided (i) such Poker Tour Show does not include Program footage i.e . audio and/or
video) and/or Sister Clips from an Existing Episode prior to the expiration of the applicable
License Period for such Existing Episode, (ii) such Poker Tour Show does not

-18-

include the PPT theme song from the Program and/or the title of the Program i.e .
 Professional or Poker Tour ), and/or (iii) such Poker Tour Show is not a Re-Creation Program or
a program covering the same PPT tournament as the tournament covered by the Existing Episode e.g . using Sister Clips or Outtake Clips). Producer shall not be restricted in any manner
from exploiting or permitting a third party to exploit a Poker Tour Show that (i) uses the words
 Professional or Poker Tour in the title and/or (ii) uses the WPT or PPT theme song, in any and
all media within the Territory subsequent to the Outside New Season Holdback Date. For purposes of
clarity, subsequent to the Outside New Season Holdback Date, Producer shall have the right to
produce a television series for exploitation in any and all media throughout the Universe covering
or presenting a poker tournament or series of poker tournaments, that incorporates or features,
 inter alia , hole card cameras, graphical statistics, poker players that might also appear at PPT
events, the game of Texas Hold em or a version thereof, lighting and/or Casinos that might also be
featured in the PPT Program, that also has the words Professional or Poker Tour in the title,
and/or uses the WPT or PPT Theme songs, even if such program or television series is similar to
Existing Episodes, as clarified in paragraph 18D(v) below.

(iii) Existing Holdback Provisions . This Section 18.D. supersedes the Existing
Holdback Provisions in their entirety.

(iv) Programs that are not Poker Tour Shows . Subject to Paragraph E below, the PPT
Agreement shall not be construed to limit Producer s ability to exploit or permit a third party to
exploit programs that are not Poker Tour Shows and/or Existing Episodes (subject to the first
negotiation and last refusal provisions in paragraphs 8 and 9 of this Agreement) throughout the
Universe in any and all media at all times.

(v) Clarification. It is acknowledged that, without limiting any of the provisions of
this Agreement, Producer s right to produce and exploit Poker Tour Shows after the Poker Tour Show
Holdback Date includes the right to produce and exploit shows that are similar to Existing
Episodes, and that poker shows such as (i) Celebrity Poker (on Bravo), (ii) World Series of Poker
(on ESPN) and (iii) Hollywood Hold Em (on E!) each would be deemed acceptable by Company (i.e.,
if produced and exploited by Producer) and would not violate Company s rights during such period
under this Agreement.

E. Clip Rights . Notwithstanding Company s exclusive rights in the Program and any
other provisions to the contrary under this Agreement, and in addition to Producer s right to
exploit clips from the Program pursuant to this Agreement:

(i) Outtake Clips . Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, Producer
shall not exploit Outtake Clips on Television within the Territory prior to the Outtake Clips
Holdback Date. Producer reserves the right, subsequent to the Outtake Clips Holdback Date and
prior to the expiration of the License Period for the Existing Episode from which the clip was cut
or shot in connection with, to exploit Outtake Clips as follows: (i) provided the applicable
Outtake Clips do not include any WPT, PPT and/or Company branding or mentions of any kind, then
such Outtake Clips may be exploited throughout the Territory in any and all media; and (ii) if the
applicable Outtake Clips include any WPT, PPT and/or Company branding or mentions of any kind, then
such Outtake Clips may only be used on the Internet (i.e., the World Wide Web), subject to
paragraph 18E(iii) below (re Prohibited Sponsors). Producer shall not be restricted in

-19-

any manner from exploiting or permitting a third party to exploit: (x) Outtake Clips outside
of the Territory at any time; and/or (y) Outtake Clips i.e. , for the purposes of
clarification, in no event may such clips include any materials owned, created and/or added by
Company at any time) within the Universe in any and all media subsequent to the expiration of the
License Period for the Existing Episodes from which the clips were cut from or shot in connection
with.

(ii) Sister Clips and Episode Clips . Except as otherwise set forth in this
Agreement, Producer shall not exploit Sister Clips or Episode Clips on Television within the
Territory prior to the expiration of the License Period respecting the Episode from which the
applicable Sister Clips or Episode Clips, as applicable, were taken. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, subject to paragraph 18E(iii) below, Producer shall have the right to commercially
exploit up to a maximum of five minutes of Episode Clips and Sister Clips from an Episode after the
Outtake Clip Holdback Date on the Internet (i.e., the world wide web), solely for an online
educational/instructional program concerning poker (i.e., a how to play poker program or series)
(the Authorized Educational Use ( i.e. , for the purposes of clarification, in no event
may such clips include any materials owned, created and/or added by Company after delivery). The
parties acknowledge and agree that Producer shall have the unrestricted right to exploit Sister
Clips and Episode Clips i.e. , for the purposes of clarification, in no event may such
clips include any materials owned, created and/or added by TRV at any time) throughout the Universe
in any and all media, subsequent to the expiration of the License Period respecting the Episode
from which the applicable Sister Clips or Episode Clips, as applicable, were taken or shot in
connection with.

(iii) The rights reserved by Producer in this Section E respecting the exploitation by
Producer of the Outtake Clips, Sister Clips and Episode Clips shall not be construed to permit
Producer to stream an Episode or a virtual reconstitution thereof on the Internet or elsewhere on
Television in the Territory prior to the expiration of the Extended Holdback Date. Producer
represents and warrants that Producer shall not exclude footage from the Program for the purpose of
retaining the best footage for use as Outtake Clips. In addition, prior to the expiration of the
applicable License Period, in no event shall authorized uses of the Outtake Clips, the Sister Clips
or the Episode Clips be made, if the applicable clips include any branding for or identification of
WPT,r PPT and/or Company, where the use is sponsored by or proximate to (i.e., visible or audible
simultaneously with) references to or advertising for products in the following categories: illegal
activity of any kind (for the purposes of clarity a sponsorship for a casino located in a state
where gambling is illegal would be prohibited, but a sponsorship for a casino located in a place
where gambling is legal would be permissible); tobacco; firearms; sexual aids (e.g., Viagra and
condoms); pornography and hard alcohol (collectively Prohibited Sponsors ), provided that it is
expressly agreed that in the event that TRV s policies change with respect to sponsorship by any of
the Prohibited Sponsors, TRV will notify Producer and Producer will have the right to seek
sponsorship as may be permitted by the revised policy, and provided further that Producer shall
have the right to propose an exception for any product(s) from the Prohibited Sponsor categories,
and DCI will consider such request for an exception in good faith. Failure by TRV to so notify
Producer of a change in its sponsorship policies shall not be deemed a breach of this Agreement.
By way of example with respect to Internet use, no Prohibited Sponsors may appear adjacent to or
on the same page view with (i.e., not inclusive of any pop-ups over which Producer has no control)
the applicable clip hereunder; that is, any sponsorship

-20-

by Prohibited Sponsors must be at least one click away from the authorized Internet use of
the clips). 

F. Limitation on Restrictions . Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed
to restrict Producer s right to produce and exploit, or construed to accord Company any rights e.g . rights to holdback, exclusivity, exploitation, negotiation, acquisition, or
limitation) with respect to any of the following: (a) the World Poker Tour , (b) programs that are
not covering or presenting poker tournaments e.g . a dog show), and/or (c) programs that
are not produced for Television exploitation in the Territory and which in fact are not so
exploited in the Territory e.g . poker and other programs produced for foreign
broadcasters).

G. Conflicts . In the event of a conflict between any provision of this Section 18 and
another provision or provisions of this Agreement, the terms of this Section 18 shall control.

-21-

19. 
 
 INCLUSION OF STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

The parties agree that except as expressly modified hereby, the Master Agreement shall be
ratified, confirmed and included herein. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of
this Attachment and the Master Agreement, the terms of this Attachment shall govern. The parties
agree that the terms of the Master Agreement, as modified hereby, express the entire agreement
between Company and Producer and shall replace and supersede all prior arrangements and
representations, either oral or written, as to the subject matter hereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto hereby execute this Attachment as of the date first
specified above.

WPT ENTERPRISES, INC. 
 
 DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 

By:

/s/ Adam Pliska 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Patrick Younge 

Printed Name: Adam Pliska 
 
 Printed Name:

Patrick Younge 

Title:

General Counsel

Title: 
 
 EVP/GM Travel Channel 

Date:

1/25/06 
 
 Date: 

-22-

Exhibit C-1 

PROFESSIONAL POKER TOUR PAYMENT TEMPLATE 

The Payment Schedule for each Season and each Episode or Additional Series Episode, as the case may
be, to be produced pursuant to this Agreement shall be as follows:

PAYMENT A
 of the total License Fee for each Episode and Additional Special, as applicable:
Payment to Producer: (a) within fourteen (14) days of Producer s execution of this Agreement, in
connection with Episodes and Additional Specials produced in connection with Season II, (b) within
fourteen (14) days of Company s receipt of insurance policies required to be delivered pursuant to
the Program Materials in connection with Episodes to be produced in connection with each Additional
Series Order (if applicable) and only subsequent to Company s exercise of any Option pursuant to
Paragraph 4(A) of the Agreement, if ever; and (c) within fourteen (14) days of Company s receipt
of insurance policies required to be delivered pursuant to the Program Materials in connection with
each Special and Additional Special (as applicable) to be produced pursuant to this Agreement, if
any, and only subsequent to Producer s and Company s agreement upon the License Fee in connection
with each such Special and or Additional Special .

PAYMENT B
 of the License Fee for each Episode as applicable: Payment at least thirty (30)
days prior to commencement of principal photography of such Episode as detailed in the mutually
approved Production Schedule.

PAYMENT C
 of the License Fee for each Episode as applicable: Payment within 14 days of
delivery to and approval by Company of the all Program Production Milestone Materials Editorial
Milestones Items 1- 10. And Final Program Materials Program Master Tapes and Material Elements,
Items A1-3 of such Episode, Special or Additional Special as detailed in the mutually approved
Production Schedule.

PAYMENT D
 of the License Fee for each Episode, as applicable: Payment within 14 days of
delivery to and approval by Company of (a) all Final Program Materials, (b) Program Production
Element Binder, Items B1-2 and (c) Program Legal binder, Items C1-3 of such program as detailed in
the mutually approved production schedule.

The parties agree to work together to prepare the actual anticipated cash payment dates payable
pursuant to this Payment Template in accordance with the Production Schedule in connection with
each Episode, produced pursuant to this Agreement; provide that, in the event of an inconsistency
between this Payment Template and the Payment Schedule, the Payment Template shall control.

-2-

PART OF AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
AND WPT ENTERPRISES, INC. 
DATED AS OF JANUARY __, 2006

Exhibit C-2 

Payment Schedule 

-1-

WORLD POKER TOUR 
PAYMENT SCHEDULE 

EP. 
 EVENT 
 
 LICENSE FEE 
 
 A 
 
 Upon Mutual 
Execution 
 
 B 
 
 Payment within 
30 days prior to 
commencement 
of scheduled 
PPT Events 
 
 B 
 Delivery 
Date 
 
 C 
 
Payment 
 within 14 days 
of delivery to 
and approval 
by DCI of the 
all Program 
Production 
Milestone 
Materials 
 
 C 
 Delivery 
Date 
 
 D 
 
Payment 
within 14 
days of 
delivery to 
and approval 
by DCI of all 
 Final Program 
Materials 
 
 D 
 Delivery 
Date 

P101A 
 Foxwoods A 

8-Oct-04 

14-Feb-06 

28-Feb-06 

P101B 
 Foxwoods B 

8-Oct-04 

21-Feb-06 

7-Mar-06 

P101C 
 Foxwoods C 

8-Oct-04 

28-Feb-06 

14-Mar-06 

P101D 
 Foxwoods D 

8-Oct-04 

7-Mar-06 

21-Mar-06 

P101F 
 Foxwoods Final 

15-Oct-04 

14-Mar-06 

28-Mar-06 

P102A 
 Commerce A 

7-Jan-05 

21-Mar-06 

4-Apr-06 

P102B 
 Commerce B 

7-Jan-05 

11-Apr-06 

25-Apr-06 

P102C 
 Commerce C 

7-Jan-05 

24-Apr-06 

9-May-06 

P102D 
 Commerce D 

7-Jan-05 

2-May-06 

16-May-06 

P102F 
 Commerce Final 

21-Jan-05 

2-May-06 

16-May-06 

P103A 
 Bay 101 A 

28-Jan-05 

16-May-06 

30-May-06 

P103B 
 Bay 101 B 

28-Jan-05 

23-May-06 

6-Jun-06 

P103C 
 Bay 101 C 

28-Jan-05 

6-Jun-06 

20-Jun-06 

P103D 
 Bay 101 D 

28-Jan-05 

13-Jun-06 

27-Jun-06 

P103F 
 Bay 101 Final 

4-Feb-05 

20-Jun-06 

4-Jul-06 

P104A 
 Bellagio A 

11-Mar-05 

4-Jul-06 

18-Jul-06 

P104B 
 Bellagio B 

11-Mar-05 

18-Jul-06 

1-Aug-06 

P104C 
 Bellagio C 

11-Mar-05 

25-Jul-06 

8-Aug-06 

P104D 
 Bellagio D 

11-Mar-05 

1-Aug-06 

15-Aug-06 

P104F 
 Bellagio Final 

25-Mar-05 

8-Aug-06 

22-Aug-06 

P105A 
 Mirage A 

8-Apr-05 

17-Aug-06 

31-Aug-06 

P105B 
 Mirage B 

8-Apr-05 

29-Aug-06 

12-Sep-06 

P105C 
 Mirage C/D 

8-Apr-05 

6-Sep-06 

20-Sep-06 

P105F 
 Mirage Final 

8-Apr-05 

13-Sep-06 

27-Sep-06 

TOTALS 

PART OF AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
AND WPT ENTERPRISES, INC. 
DATED AS OF JANUARY __, 2006

Exhibit D 

PROGRAM MATERIALS 

PROGRAM MATERIALS: The Program Materials for each Program shall consist of elements and
documentation listed below. Producer and DCI (or DCI entity previously identified in the preamble
of the Agreement) further agree that DCI may require Producer to deliver certain other materials,
not included in this Exhibit, in addition to the Program Materials specifically listed below (the
 Additional Program Materials ). Any and all Additional Program Materials will be delivered to DCI
by Producer and included as part of the Program Materials, provided that, if and to the extent the
cost of any Additional Program Materials cannot be accommodated within DCI approved Production
Budget, Producer shall give DCI written notice of the incremental direct, out-of-pocket cost
involved and secure DCI s prior written approval before incurring such additional cost.

INCOMPLETE DELIVERY: To the extent that any materials or documents are incomplete or fail to meet
the material requirements specified herein, DCI shall so notify Producer with reasonable
specificity, and Producer shall promptly thereafter correct all such deficiencies by making
delivery to DCI of the proper materials and documents required hereunder. Acceptance by DCI of
less than all of the items required for delivery of the Program and/or release of the Program by
DCI prior to delivery of all of the items required for delivery of the Program shall not be
construed as a waiver by DCI of Producer s obligation to deliver any item required hereunder.
Under no circumstances shall Producer be relieved of the obligation to deliver all of the materials
and documents required hereunder, nor shall DCI be deemed to have waived any of said delivery
requirements unless DCI shall so notify Producer in writing, designating the particular item or
items which need not be delivered by Producer to DCI. If Producer fails to correct the deficiency
in a timely manner and if DCI is required to correct the deficiencies directly, DCI reserves the
right to take steps to recover those direct costs incurred by withholding those direct costs from
the final payment/budget contribution. If there is a deficiency, DCI shall be reimbursed for any
direct costs incurred because of such deficiency, including but not limited to any additional QC
checks beyond the initial QC.

PROGRAM MATERIAL SHIPPING : Prior to each shipment, notification of delivery must be
conveyed via e-mail to the assigned DCI Production Manager. Delivery notification must contain a
copy of the shipment s complete inventory, shipment method and airbill information.

EDITORIAL MILESTONE MATERIALS 
SENT TO: 
Discovery Communications, Inc. 
Attention: JOE SWIFT 
One Discovery Place 
Silver Spring, MD 20910-3354 

1. 
 
 Intentionally deleted 

2. 
 
 PROGRAM DESCRIPTION ONE SHEET: Program description of 100 words or more for the
Program. Hard copy and electronic version. Final version of One Sheet delivered with
Program rough-cut. 

4. 
 
 PROGRAM CUTS : All cuts will be delivered with scratch track narration, burn-in time
code and with corresponding script with time code. Fine cuts should be accompanied by a
revised credit list (delivered electronically) for final DCI EP approval. Cuts delivered
via Digital Media Delivery or VHS. 

5. 
 
 DRAFT PROGRAM CREDITS: Electronic copy delivered with rough-cut/fine-cut for DCI EP
approval. 

7. 
 
 REVISED PRODUCTION SCHEDULES : Copy of updated production schedule should be sent to EP
and PM when shooting/production shifts by one or more weeks and final delivery or budget
are impacted. 

6. 
 
 BETACAM SP NTSC PROMOTIONAL VIDEO SELECT REEL: Minimum of ten minutes of broadcast
quality footage with nat sound) to be used by DCI in any medium to promote the Program or
DCI. Select Reel should not be a post- produced tape. All materials cleared as required
by the contract for use within the Program and for promotional use in all media, all
markets worldwide in perpetuity. Delivery of this reel is at the request of DCI at
milestones of production and post production, however if program delivery is less than 5
weeks before broadcast, reel must be delivered at a minimum of 5 weeks prior to broadcast . 

7. 
 
 TOURNAMENT DIRECTORS ASSOCIATION : A description of the Association should be sent to
the PM. 

INSURANCE, and LEGAL MILESTONE MATERIALS 

-1-

SENT TO: 
Discovery Communications, Inc. 
Attention: SYDNI DREHER 
One Discovery Place 
Silver Spring, MD 20910-3354 

1. 
 
 PRODUCTION INSURANCE POLICIES : Copy of production s insurance policies (including, but
not limited to: Worker s Compensations, Production Insurance Package, US and/or Foreign
General Liability, Non-Owned Auto Liability, Cast/Keyman). Production Insurance is to be
bound before production s contracted start date. 

2. 
 
 E O INSURANCE CERTIFICATE: Producer should obtain E O policy through DCI s preferred
vendor. Title Trademark clearance for all shows, full commissions and co-productions is
the responsibility of the Producer. The title search is a vital component of your Errors
and Omissions coverage. You must obtain DCI approval of your title prior to activating the
title search. E O (Errors and Omissions) liability insurance policy, applicable to the
exhibition and distribution of the Program, should include the following: 

a. 
 
 If required by DCI, Producer will add the program s talent performers to
Producer s E O policy. 

b. 
 
 Certificate is to contain the Program Title and name Travel Channel, LLC as
additionally insured. 

c. 
 
 Term : Coverage should be maintained for no less than three (3) years . 

d. 
 
 Limits : Should have limits of at least 1,000,000 per occurrence,
 3,000,000 in the aggregate (with a deductible of no more than 25,000) with respect to
each loss or claim involving the same offending act, failure to act, or matter, whether
made by one or more persons and regardless of frequency of repetition, relating to the
Program and insuring Producer against all liability assumed by Producer. 

e. 
 
 On-line Endorsement : (if applicable) 

f. 
 
 Title Trademark Coverage: (NOT APPLICABLE)) 

3. 
 
 TITLE CLEARANCE REPORT. A copy of Program s Title Clearance Report should be included
in binder. Title Clearance report must detail full search including: federal all classes,
state, common law and domain name. 

FINAL PROGRAM MATERIALS AND FINAL PROGRAM LEGAL AND PRODUCTION ELEMENT BINDERS 

SENT TO: 

Discovery Communications, Inc. 

Greg Ellison/DCI Library Services

Reference: SYDNI DREHER 
 8045 Kennett Street 
Silver Spring, MD 20910 
 240-662-4711 

240-662-1427 (fax) 

Series final music cue sheet should be delivered with first Program protection master tape.
Music cue sheets should be sent via e-mail to music_cue@discovery.com and your Production
Manager. In addition , final Program transcript with CD or DVD disc should be sent to DCI at the
time protection masters are sent to DCI.

DCI TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS: Reference the Technical Specifications of this Agreement for
requirements regarding DCI bug clearance.

NON-LINEAR ON-LINE OUTPUT : DCI currently does not consider direct non-linear output using lossy
compression as industry 
standard/accepted norms. Output from an uncompressed non-linear editing system is accepted,
provided that the SMPTE 259M SDI interface is used for input and output, and a high-quality 10-bit
analog to digital converter is used.

COMPRESSED SHOOTING: DCI currently does not accept Programs shot on highly compressed digital
formats such as mini DV, DV Cam and DVC Pro formats. For this Series only the PD 150 Mini DV and
DV cameras will be accepted this is non-precedent setting.

TAPE LABELS: Labels must be typed in English and contain Program Series/episode title on all
elements, material type (master, protection master, etc.) audio assignment, format (NTSC/PAL),
aspect ratio (anamorphic/16:9), time code information (Drop/Non-Drop, VTC, ATC), Record Date,
Facility Name and Shoot Location.

TECHNICAL FAILURES: If the protection master fails DCI s Quality Control (QC) beyond the initial
QC, DCI reserves the right to take steps to recover those direct costs incurred by withholding
those direct costs from the final payment/budget contribution.

-2-

SHIPPING: Items listed below should be sent directly to Library Services as listed on the front of
this Program Materials Exhibit

A. 
 
 PROGRAM MASTER TAPES and MATERIAL ELEMENTS : Program Master Tapes and Protection
Master Tapes are to be shipped separately. First ship the Program protection masters for DCI
Quality Control (QC) acceptance. Following 10 business days of DCI s receipt of the protection
masters, ship the Program material elements, Program binders and Program master tapes. This
production shall be photographed 4:3 Full Frame on Beta SP DV Cameras NTSC , mastered and
delivered 4:3 full frame on Digital Betacam NTSC and aired in 4:3 full frame. 

1. 
 
 DIGITAL BETACAM STEREO PROGRAM MASTER TAPE (MONO COMPATIBLE): 

24 x 120:00 Commercial Minutes Cut to Network Clock Program with text, graphics
(including opening title sequence), bumps/teases (if required) and Program credits
(including Program bug with dot.com) A completed DCI Runsheet must be enclosed with each
Program master tape. 

Program master should be delivered as follows: 

120:00 COMMERCIAL MINUTES CUT TO NETWORK CLOCK PROGRAM : Clock provided by Network. 

a. 
 
 :30 second CREDIT BED. Final DCI approved credits for the Program. 

30 secs prior to end of Program, insert lower third credit bed over content,
per PMD Production Guide website guidelines. 

The Credit Bed is to be exactly :30 seconds and is to include all billboard,
titlecard and copyright information unless otherwise approved by DCI 

:05 second segment of black 

b. 
 
 PROGRAM END CREDIT ROLL: 

At the end of Program fade to black, insert a 1 / 2 second pad of black (included
in program time) before credit roll. 

:30 second CREDIT ROLL with music bed : Final DCI approved credits for the
Program. The credit roll is to be exactly :30 seconds and is to include all
billboard, titlecard and copyright information unless otherwise approved by DCI. 

:05 second segment of black 

PROGRAM MASTER AUDIO ASSIGNMENT: 

All Stereo shall be fully mono compatible. Fully mono compatible requires that when the
left and right stereo channels are actively combined to mono there is no discernible change
in audio level or fidelity. 

Stereo Audio Assignment : 
Channel 1: Full mix stereo left 
Channel 2: Full mix stereo right 
Channel 3: Full mix minus narration, stereo left 
Channel 4: Full mix minus narration, stereo right 

Tracks SHOULD be dipped for narration on Program Master. On-camera host audio is
considered dialogue, off-camera host audio is considered narration. Host dialogue that
transitions to narration should continue to the end of the host statement. 

2. 
 
 DIGITAL BETACAM STEREO PROGRAM PROTECTION MASTER (MONO COMPATIBLE ): Clone of Stereo
Master. Specifications as A-1. 

3. 
 
 TEXTLESS STEREO PROGRAM MASTER: Program Masters will be clean without titles, lower
thirds and credits. Specifications as in A-1 . 

4. 
 
 DIGITAL BETACAM STERO PROGRAM MASTER: Program Masters will be delivered without dot.com
references or bug. 

5. 
 
 DIGITAL BETACAM STERO PROGRAM MASTER: Program Masters will be delivered without dot.com
references, but including bug. 

B. 
 
 PROGRAM PRODUCTION ELEMENT BINDER : The required documents are to be filed and
inventoried throughout production. Producer is to send the binder with all required documents
to DCI upon completion of the binder in its entirety. It is recommended to keep documents in
tact in the binder and to not send DCI single documents outside the assigned binder. DCI is
to receive all original material and the producer is to retain a duplicate binder of all
materials. Binders are to be sent in 10 business days after DCI s receipt of the protection
master. 

1. 
 
 FINAL PROGRAM SCRIPT and SCRIPT DISK: Final complete, verbatim script of final master
Program containing non-scripted interviews. Script should be accurate transcription of
Program master with corresponding running time code referencing specific 

-3-

photographic action and transcribed audio. Script should be submitted on typewritten hard
copy and CD-Rom with script in Microsoft Word or DOS ASCII TEXT format. 

2. 
 
 FINAL CREDIT LIST: Final DCI approved, graphic master credit list for the Program.
Denoting all contractually obligated credits which have received DCI s prior approval.
Include all billboard, titlecard and copyright information. 

C. 
 
 PROGRAM LEGAL BINDER : 

1. 
 
 MUSIC CUE SHEET: Music cue sheet detailing all music contained in the Program,
including the title of each composition, the names of composers, publishers, and copyright
owners, the usage (whether instrumental, instrumental-visual, vocal-visual or otherwise),
the place and number of such uses in the Program and in/out cues and running time for each
cue, the performance rights society involved, and any other information customarily set
forth in music cue sheets . Upon delivery of the protection master the music cue sheet
must be sent electronically to music_cue@discovery.com and your DCI Production
Manager. In the subject line of the email please include the following information:
Series/Program title and episode title, preceded by COM to indicate this is a commission
Program. A hardcopy of the music cue sheet should be delivered in the Legal binder. 

2. 
 
 COPY RELEASES/LICENSES/AGREEMENTS AND CORRESPONDING LOGS (Logs should be submitted on
typewritten hard copy and CD-Rom): Place the corresponding log sheet in front of the
original release documents. Copy release/license/agreement documents are to be filed and
logged in order as they appear in the Program. Only log each release once, as they appear
initially in the Program master tape. If a person does not appear in the final Program,
log that release after those in the final Program indicate on the Log sheet NOT IN
FINAL PROGRAM and list the camera tape only. Refer to the source of all third party
footage in the exact form as it appears on the release. Please note that if it is not
possible to deliver English language agreement, an English language translation must
accompany any agreement delivered in a foreign language. 

If applicable, attach DCI s written rights waiver approvals to each license and note
that a Rights Waiver has been issued on the log. Indicate on your log if step-up rights have
been negotiated in the agreement. 

a. 
 
 Copy of Personal Releases and Corresponding Log 

b. 
 
 Copy of Shoot Location Release/Permit and Corresponding Log 

c. 
 
 Copy of Name/Product/Logo Release and Corresponding Log 

-4-

Exhibit E NEED FINAL APPROVAL STILL FROM COMPANY 

CREDITS EXHIBIT 

Professional Poker Tour 
 Season 1 
SHORT CREDIT TEMPLATE 

executive producer 
STEVEN LIPSCOMB

co-executive producer 
JOSEPH GRIMM

executive in charge of production 
ROBYN MODER

supervising producer 
BILL OLSON

field reporter 
KAYE HAHN

commentators 
MATT CORBOY 
MATT SEIF

DIRECTOR 
FRANK ISHIZAKI

producer 
DAVE DIGREGORIO

senior editor 
JOHN WOLFENDEN

coordinating producer 
BREN FITZPATRICK

production managers 
CYNTHIA FRASER 
WENDY HYMOWITZ

technical supervisor 
JEFF HAPP

engineering 
LOUIS MOLNAR 
SCOTT WIDDER

camera 
MATTHEW BLUTE 
JOEY BERTCHI 
DAWN FLEISCHMAN 
PAUL HANNUM 
MARCO HOFFMAN 
ANTHONY MILLER

-5-

J.R. REID 
FRANCIS VINCENT 
NATHAN WOODDY

audio 
STAN KIDD 
ROBERT MARTINEZ 
DAN MAY 
DAVE MCJUNKIN

video tape 
BRIAN ADRIANE 
JIM WHITE

art director 
KEVIN KING

lighting director 
JOHN CONTI

gaffer 
TOM MURPHEY

board operator 
ROB HUME

post production supervisor 
SHAWN SANBAR

editors 
JOSH FRANCO 
MARK PINCEK

on-line editor 
JEFFREY C. DEKLE

post production coordinator 
CHRIS DIXON

assistant editors 
DAVID DEAN 
SOWJANYA KUDVA 
PRESTON RAPP 
MATT SILVA 
CAM SOPER

associate producer 
CHRISTOPHER PALBICKI

production coordinators 
JENNIFER ROOP 
TBD

post associate producer 
ALEX OUTHRED

music composer 
GARY S. SCOTT

tournament announcers 
LINDA JOHNSON 
SAM MINUTELLO

voice over announcer

-6-

DAVID BRET EGEN

promotional consideration paid for by 
 MICHELOB AMBER BOCK 
GENERAL MOTORS 
MIRAGE HOTEL CASINO 

FOR THE TRAVEL CHANNEL 

executive producer 
JOE SWIFT

production assistant 
JILLIAN SHERMAN

director of production management 
SYDNI DREHER

vp of production 
BILL MARGOL

Produced by WPT Enterprises, Inc. for Travel Channel 

Travel Channel LOGO

2006 WPT Enterprises, Inc. 

-7-

Exhibit F 

PRODUCTION SCHEDULE 

-8-

Season I - Professional Poker Tour Series - Tour Events 

Ep. # 

Episode 

Pre-Prod. 

Production 

Post Prod. 

Rough Cut 

Fine Cut 

Promo 

Masters 

Airdate 

P101A 

Foxwoods A

09/12/04-11/07/04

11/07/04-11/13/04

09/12/05-11/21/05

01/30/06

02/06/06

02/08/06

02/13/06 

P101B 

Foxwoods B

09/12/04-11/07/04

11/07/04-11/13/04

09/26/05-12/05/05

02/06/06

02/13/06

02/15/06

02/20/06 

P101C 

Foxwoods C

09/12/04-11/07/04

11/07/04-11/13/04

10/03/05-12/12/05

02/13/06

02/20/06

02/22/06

02/27/06 

P101D 

Foxwoods D

09/12/04-11/07/04

11/07/04-11/13/04

10/10/05-12/19/05

02/20/06

02/27/06

03/01/06

03/06/06 

P101F 

Foxwoods Final

09/19/04-11/14/04

11/14/04-11/20/04

10/17/05-12/26/05

02/27/06

03/06/06

03/08/06

03/13/06 

P102A 

Commerce A

12/12/04-02/06/05

02/06/05-02/12/05

10/31/05-01/09/06

03/06/06

03/13/06

03/15/06

03/20/06 

P102B 

Commerce B

12/12/04-02/06/05

02/06/05-02/12/05

11/07/05-01/16/06

03/14/06

03/27/06

03/29/06

04/03/06 

P102C 

Commerce C

12/12/04-02/06/05

02/06/05-02/12/05

11/14/05-01/23/06

03/21/06

04/03/06

04/05/06

04/10/06 

P102D 

Commerce D

12/12/04-02/06/05

02/06/05-02/12/05

11/21/05-01/30/06

04/04/06

04/17/06

04/19/06

04/24/06 

P102F 

Commerce Final

12/26/04-02/20/05

02/20/05-02/26/05

12/05/05-02/13/06

04/11/06

04/24/06

04/26/06

05/01/06 

P103A 

Bay 101 A

01/02/05-02/27/05

02/27/05-03/05/05

12/07/05-02/15/06

04/25/06

05/08/06

05/10/06

05/15/06 

P103B 

Bay 101 B

01/02/05-02/27/05

02/27/05-03/05/05

12/21/05-03/01/06

05/02/06

05/15/06

05/17/06

05/22/06 

P103C 

Bay 101 C

01/02/05-02/27/05

02/27/05-03/05/05

12/28/05-03/08/06

05/16/06

05/29/06

06/01/06

06/05/06 

P103D 

Bay 101 D

01/02/05-02/27/05

02/27/05-03/05/05

01/09/06-03/20/06

05/23/06

06/05/06

06/07/06

06/12/06 

P103F 

Bay 101 Final

01/09/05-03/06/05

03/06/05-03/12/05

01/18/06-03/29/06

05/31/06

06/12/06

06/14/06

06/19/06 

P104A 

Bellagio A

02/13/05-04/10/05

04/10/05-04/16/05

02/01/06-04/12/06

06/13/06

06/26/06

06/28/06

07/03/06 

P104B 

Bellagio B

02/13/05-04/10/05

04/10/05-04/16/05

02/08/06-04/19/06

06/27/06

07/10/06

07/12/06

07/17/06 

P104C 

Bellagio C

02/13/05-04/10/05

04/10/05-04/16/05

02/15/06-04/26/06

07/03/06

07/17/06

07/19/06

07/24/06 

P104D 

Bellagio D

02/13/05-04/10/05

04/10/05-04/16/05

03/01/06-05/10/06

07/10/06

07/24/06

07/26/06

07/31/06 

P104F 

Bellagio Final

02/27/05-04/24/05

04/24/05-04/30/05

03/15/06-05/24/06

07/17/06

07/31/06

08/02/06

08/07/06 

P105A 

Mirage A

03/13/05-05/08/05

05/08/05-05/14/05

03/22/06-05/31/06

07/31/06

08/14/06

08/16/06

08/16/06 

P105B 

Mirage B

03/13/05-05/08/05

05/08/05-05/14/05

03/29/06-06/07/06

08/07/06

08/21/06

08/23/06

08/28/06 

P105C 

Mirage C/D

03/13/05-05/08/05

05/08/05-05/14/05

04/12/06-06/21/06

08/14/06

08/28/06

08/30/06

09/05/06 

P105F 

Mirage Final

03/13/05-05/08/05

05/08/05-05/14/05

04/26/06-07/05/06

08/21/06

09/04/06

09/06/06

09/12/06 

Undecided as to which episode will be pulled from the series. 25 episodes shot. 24 episodes to be posted. 

Exhibit G 

TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS 

This exhibit contains all technical specifications for NTSC, PAL, 1125/59.94 INTERLACE HD,
1125/23.98 PROGRESSIVE HD AND 11/25/25 PROGRESSIVE HD DCI TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS. REFER to your
contracted DCI PROGRAM MATERIALS EXHIBIT for program s contracted technical requirement.

GENERAL STANDARD DEFINITION TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS 

STANDARD DEFINITION VIDEO REQUIREMENTS:

Video Footage should be acquired using formats acceptable to DCI on
professional-quality media. Productions may be photographed using any of the following formats:

For this series only, the PD150 and DVcam format will be accepted. This is non-precedent setting.

Standard Definition Formats 
 
 High Definition Formats 
 
 Film Formats 

Sony Digital Betacam

Sony HDCAM

Super 16 MM Film 

Sony Betacam SP

Sony HDCAM SR

35 mm film 

Sony MPEG IMX 50 mb (tape)

Panasonic DVC PRO 100 mb (HD)

70 mm film (IMAX) 

Sony MPEG IMX 50 mb (XDCAM)

Panasonic HD-D5 (Film Transfers) 

Panasonic DVC PRO 50 (tape)

Material not acquired in one of the acceptable formats must be approved by the Production Manager
prior to the commencement of production.

Video program material shall be produced using industry standard and accepted norms good
practice and workmanship. DCI requires that its production partners use only selected codecs and
media types when working in non-linear editing systems. Systems that use uncompressed SDI or JFIF
1:1 are acceptable; as are systems that use MXF compliant MPEG-2 I frame media at 50 mbps. Systems
that use Motion JPEG codecs, DV 25 media, or JFIF at ratios higher than 1:1 are not acceptable for
online output. If there are questions about the qualifications of a particular editing system or
type of media, please contact the DCI Technical Standards and Operations group.

Acceptable Editing Codecs

Codec 
 
 Bit rate or Ratio 

Uncompressed 601 digital

270 mbps 

MPEG-2 MXF

50 mbps I-frame 

JFIF (Meridian/ Symphony)

1:1 

Unacceptable Editing Codecs

Codec 
 
 Bit rate or Ratio 

DV 4:1:1 or 4:2:0

25 mbps 

JFIF (Meridian / Symphony)

Ratios greater than 1:1 

Motion JPEG (AVR)

AVR 2 to AVR 77 

Master and source videotapes must meet industry standard or industry-accepted standards for
tape format interchange. All tapes should be recorded on VTRs that have been maintained in
compliance with the manufacturer instructions and have been accurately calibrated per the
manufacturer specifications.

DCI Bug Clearance Specifications: 

Due to the extensive amount of graphics used in these programs, PPT will post the Travel
Channel on-air bug directly on their masters. This allows PPT to remove and replace the bug to
avoid interfering with the designated bug area. This also assumes that the network ID will not be
keyed over the signal for any airing of these programs.

-9-

Bug Placement shall fall into the space between 38.7 microseconds and 50,0 microseconds between
lines 190 and 243 (field 1) NTSC, lines 228 and 290 (field 1) PAL. This space represents a large
portion of the lower right corner of the television image. In addition, to prevent Interference
with International ID s, text, elements shall not be placed between 41.3 microseconds and 50.3
microseconds between lines 34 and 81 (field 1) NTSC, lines 41 and 96 (field 1) PAL.

The bug used in post production by PPT, should maintain the same chrominance, luminance, and
saturation levels as the bug airing out of master control.

STANDARD DEFINITION AUDIO REQUIREMENTS:

Audio program material shall be produced using industry standard and accepted norms for
good practice and workmanship. The audio portion of the master and source audio and videotapes
must be produced so that no noise, static, dropouts or extraneous distortion is recorded in the
audio. The audio mix should also be well balanced and equalized, with dialogue and narration
clearly able to be heard.

Audio channels Stereo audio must be fully mono compatible. The audio channels
must be in the proper phase. NOTE: Full Mono Compatibility means that when the left and right
stereo channels are actively combined to mono there is no discernible change in audio level or
fidelity. Full mix and split audio tracks should be phase coherent (synchronized) to prevent
difficulty editing between these tracks, as necessary.

Audio Levels : Program audio must reflect reference tone level. Audio levels are evaluated
using three different measurements, audio signal peak, average loudness, and dialogue loudness.
Program audio must adhere to DCI standards for all three measurements.

Peak audio levels are evaluated using a digital true-peak meter with a 0 millisecond rise
response. Assuming a reference level of 20 dBFS, peak audio levels may not rise above 10 dBFS at
any point during the program.

Average loudness levels are evaluated using digital meters calibrated to the VU ballistic with
a 300 ms rise response. Assuming a reference level of 20 dBFS 4 dBu), VU levels should
consistently fall between 25 dBFS and 18 dBFS during the majority of the program, and never rise
above 17 dBFS at any point during the program.

DCI also requires that program dialogue levels be analyzed using a Dolby LM100 broadcast
loudness meter. The LM100 tool allows for dialogue to be measured distinctly and provides a
reference for how loud spoken language will sound to the home viewer. When measured on a LM100
meter, dialogue levels should read between 26 dBFS and 28 dBFS as an average for the entire
program.

Average loudness 
 
 Peak audio levels 
 
 Dialogue Normalization 

Track Type 
 
 (VU) levels 
 
 (Digital True Peak) 
 
 and Loudness (LM100) 

Full Mix

-25 to -18 dBFS

-14 to -10 dBFS

-26 to 28 dBFS 

Surround Sound Mix Tracks

-25 to -18 dBFS

-14 to -3 dBFS

-26 to 28 dBFS 

Element Tracks (Music,
Effects, Mix minus
Narration, Dialogue,
Narration)

-25 to -18 dBFS

-14 to -3 dBFS

Unrestricted 

Audio compression : Program audio should have good dynamic range, but not be overly dynamic.
While some compression may be needed to control the dynamic range of the program audio, excessive
audio compression of the final mix should be avoided. Audio signal peaks should be approximately 8
to 10 db above program reference levels, and average loudness measurements should be comparable to
reference levels.

NTSC TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS 

NTSC VIDEO SPECIFICATIONS: 

Tape Leader: Industry-standard reference signals should be provided at the beginning of any
tape delivered to DCI. The arrangement of the reference signals should be as follows:

Starting Code 
 
 Ending Code 
 
 Duration 
 
 Video 
 
 Audio 

00:58:30:00

00:59:30:00

1:00:00

SMPTE Color Bars at 75 
saturation

Reference tone at 1 khz on channels 1
and 2, reference tone of 400 hz on
channels 3 and 4. Reference tone
should be at 4dbu with a 600 ohm
impedance load (Equal to 20 dBfs) 

-10-

Starting Code 
 
 Ending Code 
 
 Duration 
 
 Video 
 
 Audio 

00:59:30:00

00:59:35:00

00:05:00

Black

Silence 

00:59:35:00

00:59:50:00

00:15:00

Program Slate (see details below)

Silence 

00:59:50:00

00:59:58:00

00:08:00

Video Countdown from 10 to 2

Audible tone at each 1 second interval 

00:59:58:00

01:00:00:00

00:02:00

Black

Silence 

1:00:00:00

Program begins

Program begins 

Timecode : NTSC tapes must be recorded with drop frame time code that adheres to SMPTE 12M
specifications.

Vertical blanking should adhere to SMPTE specification 170 M.

Discovery will accept vertical blanking that falls between 17 and 22 scan lines when measured as a
composite NTSC signal.

Horizontal blanking should adhere to SMPTE specification 170 M

Discovery will accept horizontal blanking widths of between 10.4 and 12.0 microseconds, with a
front porch measurement of 1.0 to 2.0 microseconds and a distance of 9.4 to 10.0 microseconds from
the falling edge of sync to the end of the horizontal blanking. For NTSC programs, Discovery
measures the start of blanking as the edge of the signal crosses below 7.5 IRE, and the end of
blanking as the signal crosses above 7.5 IRE. Black edges on the image will be measured as program
blanking, and may result in blanking measurements being wide.

Composite video white levels should not exceed 100 IRE units, and program black levels
should not extend below 7.5 IRE units. Neither the program luminance whites nor blacks should be
clipped excessively.

Composite chroma levels should not exceed 120 IRE when measured in the composite color
space using a waveform monitor with a flat filter. Illegal levels may be clipped to prevent
transmission over modulation, resulting in a loss of color fidelity and detail. Discovery
standards do not distinguish between shows of digital component origination or those of composite
origination when evaluating encoded chrominance levels. If digital production methods are used, it
is the responsibility of the production company to ensure that the encoded signal meets the
composite guidelines. All programs will be judged against these analog composite guidelines,
irrespective of their native origination.

Program Text Title Safe 

Program text should be kept in the text safe area as defined in SMPTE RP 218. For NTSC (525)
signals, the safe title area is the central 80 of the picture, an area of 576 by 384 pixels
beginning 72 pixels from the left edge and 47 pixels from the top of the image and ending 648
pixels from the left edge and 432 pixels from the top of the image.

ASPECT RATIO GUIDELINES: 

Images acquired in the 16:9 aspect ratio must be protected for 14:9 viewing.

16:9 NTSC Letterbox: 181 scan lines, picture starts at line 50 and letterbox ends at 233

NTSC TIMECODE SPECIFICATIONS: 

Time code SMPTE Dropframe time code is mandatory . Program start time code must read 01:00:00:00.
Time code should be continuous, without error, and contain the appropriate flagging information in
adherence with SMPTE specification 12 M. All time code references, i.e. vertical interval time code, (VITC), longitudinal time code. (LTC)
or audio sector time code on Digital formats (ASTC) must match exactly.

-11-

PAL TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS 

PAL VIDEO SPECIFICATIONS: 

Tape Leader: Industry-standard reference signals should be provided at the beginning of any
tape delivered to DCI. The arrangement of the reference signals should be as follows:

Starting Code 
 
 Ending Code 
 
 Duration 
 
 Video 
 
 Audio 

09:58:30:00

09:59:30:00

1:00:00

SMPTE Color Bars at 75 saturation

Reference tone at 1 khz on channels 1
and 2, reference tone of 400 hz on
channels 3 and 4. Reference tone
should be at 4dbu with a 600 ohm
impedance load (Equal to 20 dBfs) 

09:59:30:00

09:59:35:00

00:05:00

Black

Silence 

09:59:35:00

09:59:50:00

00:15:00

Program Slate (see details below)

Silence 

09:59:50:00

09:59:58:00

00:08:00

Video Countdown from 10 to 2

Audible tone at each 1 second interval 

09:59:58:00

10:00:00:00

00:02:00

Black

Silence 

10:00:00:00

Program begins

Program begins 

Vertical blanking should fall within EBU specifications, adhering to the ITU-R standard
BT.470-6.

Discovery will accept programs with vertical blanking measurements of between 23 and 26 scan lines.

Horizontal blanking should fall within EBU specifications, adhering to the ITU-R standard
BT.470-6.

Discovery will accept horizontal blanking widths of between 11.5 and 13.0 microseconds, with a
front porch measurement of 1.0 to 2.0 microseconds and a distance of 10.5 to 11 microseconds from
the falling edge of sync to the end of the horizontal blanking. For PAL programs, Discovery
measures the start of blanking as the edge of the signal crosses below 0 millivolts and the end of
blanking as the signal rises above 0 millivolts. Black edges on the image will be measured as
program blanking, and may result in blanking measurements being wide.

Time code EBU Time code is mandatory . Program start time code must read 10:00:00:00.
Time code should be continuous, free of errors, and contain all appropriate flagging bits. All
time code references, i.e. vertical interval time code, (VITC), longitudinal time code. (LTC) or
audio sector time code on Digital formats (ASTC) must match exactly.

Composite video white levels should not exceed 700 mv, and program black levels should not
extend below 0 mv. Program white and black levels should not be clipped excessively.

Composite chroma levels should not exceed 840 mv and may be clipped to prevent transmission
over modulation. Discovery standards do not distinguish between shows of digital component
origination or those of composite origination when evaluating encoded chrominance levels. If
digital production methods are used, it is the responsibility of the vendor to ensure that the
encoded signal meets the composite guidelines. All programs will be judged against these analog
composite guidelines, irrespective of their native origination. PAL composite gamut legality is
also required of all programs, irrespective of origination.

Program Text Title Safe 

Program text should be kept in the text safe area as defined in SMPTE RP 218. For PAL (625)
signals, the safe title area is the central 80 of the picture, an area of 576 by 460 pixels
beginning 72 pixels from the left edge and 58 pixels from the top of the image and ending 648
pixels from the left edge and 518 pixels from the top of the image.

ASPECT RATIO GUIDELINES WHEN DELIVERING LETTERBOX FORMATS: 

16:9 PAL Letterbox: 216 scan lines, picture starts at line 58, ends at 275

Images acquired in the 16:9 aspect ratio must be protected for 14:9 viewing.

-12-

GENERAL TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS FOR HD 

HIGH DEFINITION VIDEO REQUIREMENTS:

Video Footage should be acquired using formats acceptable to DCI on
professional-quality media. Productions may be photographed using any of the following formats:

High Definition Formats 
 
 Acceptable Upconversion Formats 
 
 Film Formats 

Sony HDCAM

Sony Digital Betacam

35 mm Film 

Sony HDCAM SR

Sony Betacam SP

70 mm Film (IMAX) 

Panasonic DVC PRO 100 mb (HD)

Sony MPEG IMX 50 mb (tape) 

Panasonic HD-D5 (Film Transfers)

Sony MPEG IMX 50 mb (XDCAM) 

HDV at 1080i (With Restrictions)

Panasonic DVC PRO 50 (tape) 

Super 16 mm film 

Material not acquired in one of the acceptable formats must be approved by the Production Manager
prior to the commencement of production. No more than 25 of an HD production s final content may
be material upconverted from standard definition, and no more than 15 of the final content may be
originated in the HDV 1080 format. When both HDV and upconverted materials are used in a program,
the combined total of HDV and upconverted footage cannot exceed 30 of the final program material.

Video program material shall be produced using industry standard and accepted norms good
practice and workmanship. DCI requires that its production partners use only selected codecs and
media types when working in non-linear editing systems. Systems that use uncompressed HDSDI are
acceptable, as are systems use the native codecs for the DVCPRO HD and HDCAM formats. Systems that
exclusively use HDV codecs or are incapable of using HD-resolution media are not acceptable for
online output. If there are questions about the qualifications of a particular editing system or
type of media, please contact the DCI Technical Standards and Operations group.

Acceptable Editing Codecs

Codec 
 
 Bit rate or Ratio 

Uncompressed SMPTE 292

270 mbps 

AVID DnX HD 8 and 10 bit

220 mbps 

Sony HDCAM codec

140 mbps 

DVCPRO HD

100 mbps 

Unacceptable Editing Codecs

Codec 
 
 Bit rate or Ratio 

HDV (exclusive use)

25 mbps 

Any Exclusively Standard Definition Codec

Various 

Master and source videotapes must meet industry standard or industry-accepted standards for
tape format interchange. All tapes should be recorded on VTRs that have been maintained in
compliance with the manufacturer instructions and have been accurately calibrated per the
manufacturer specifications.

DCI Bug Clearance Specifications: 

DCI requires that lower third and other graphic elements containing text not interfere with
the network ID keyed over the signal. Consequently, the following areas of the picture may not
contain text information. All horizontal measurements are given in microseconds, with the start of
the measurement at the SAV reference pulse.

No text shall fall into the space between 21 microseconds and 24.5 microseconds between lines
459 and 541 (field 1) in a 1080 I 59.94 signal. Broadcast resolution TIF files outlining the bug
safe area for 1080 interlaced and other HD formats will be provided on request.

Video white levels should not exceed 700mV for component signals, and program black levels
should not extend below 0 Vdc. Neither the program luminance whites nor blacks should be clipped
excessively. For color difference signals R-Y and B-Y, levels shall not exceed 700 mV or fall
below 0 mV when set at a 350 mV offset.

Program Text Title Safe 

Program text should be kept in the text safe area as defined in SMPTE RP 218. For 1080 line
signals, the safe title area is the central 80 of the picture, an area of 1536 by 864 pixels
beginning 192 pixels from the left edge and 108 pixels from the top of the image and ending 1728
pixels from the left edge and 972 pixels from the top of the image.

-13-

HIGH DEFINITION AUDIO REQUIREMENTS:

Audio program material shall be produced using industry standard and accepted norms for
good practice and workmanship. The audio portion of the master and source audio and videotapes
must be produced so that no noise, static, dropouts or extraneous distortion is recorded in the
audio. The audio mix should also be well balanced and equalized, with dialogue and narration
clearly able to be heard.

Audio channels Stereo audio must be fully mono compatible. The audio channels
must be in the proper phase. NOTE: Full Mono Compatibility means that when the left and right
stereo channels are actively combined to mono there is no discernible change in audio level or
fidelity. Full mix and split audio tracks should be phase coherent (synchronized) to prevent
difficulty editing between these tracks, as necessary.

Audio Levels : Program audio must reflect reference tone level. Audio levels are evaluated
using three different measurements, audio signal peak, average loudness, and dialogue loudness.
Program audio must adhere to DCI standards for all three measurements.

Peak audio levels are evaluated using a digital true-peak meter with a 0 millisecond rise
response. Assuming a reference level of -20 dBFS, peak audio levels may not rise above -10 dBFS at
any point during the program.

Average loudness levels are evaluated using digital meters calibrated to the VU ballistic with
a 300 ms rise response. Assuming a reference level of -20 dBFS 4 dBu), VU levels should
consistently fall between -25 dBFS and -18 dBFS during the majority of the program, and never rise
above -17 dBFS at any point during the program.

DCI also requires that program dialogue levels be analyzed using a Dolby LM100 broadcast
loudness meter. The LM100 tool allows for dialogue to be measured distinctly and provides a
reference for how loud spoken language will sound to the home viewer. When measured on a LM100
meter, dialogue levels should read between -26 dBFS and -28 dBFS as an average for the entire
program.

Average loudness 
 
 Peak audio levels 
 
 Dialogue Normalization and 

Track Type 
 
 (VU) levels 
 
 (Digital True Peak) 
 
 Loudness (LM100) 

Full Mix

-25 to -18 dBFS

-14 to -10 dBFS

-26 to -28 dBFS 

Surround Sound Mix Tracks

-25 to -18 dBFS

-14 to -3 dBFS

-26 to -28 dBFS 

Element Tracks (Music,
Effects, Mix minus
Narration, Dialogue,
Narration)

-25 to -18 dBFS

-14 to -3 dBFS

Unrestricted 

Audio compression : Program audio should have good dynamic range, but not be overly dynamic.
While some compression may be needed to control the dynamic range of the program audio, excessive
audio compression of the final mix should be avoided. Audio signal peaks should be approximately 8
to 10 db above program reference levels, and average loudness measurements should be comparable to
reference levels.

-14-

1080 I 59.94 TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS 

1125 LINE/ 59.94 HZ LINE RATE INTERLACE HIGH DEFINITION VIDEO SPECIFICATIONS: 

All video shall conform to SMPTE 274M, 1920 x 1080 Scanning and Analog and Parallel Digital
Interfaces for Multiple Picture Rates and SMPTE240M, Signal Parameters 1125- line High
Definition Productions Systems broadcast standards. All video information must be compliant
with either SMPTE 260M, 1125/60 High-Definition Production System Digital Representative and
Bit-Parallel Interface , or SMPTE 292M Bit -Serial Digital Interface for High-Definition
Systems. 

Master and source videotapes must meet industry standard or industry accepted standards for
tape format interchange. Source tapes may be either HD Cam or HD D5, at the 1080 interlace 59.94
Hz line rate. If acquisition is made by film stock, 35mm film with an aspect ratio of 1.77(16 x 9)
is required.

Video shall adhere to SMPTE 274m, item 5 of table 1, which outlines 1920x1080 interlace at a frame
rate of 59.94 Hz. 1035 line material is not acceptable for newly shot pieces.

Tape Leader: Industry-standard reference signals should be provided at the beginning of any
tape delivered to DCI. The arrangement of the reference signals should be as follows:

Starting Code 
 
 Ending Code 
 
 Duration 
 
 Video 
 
 Audio 

00:58:30:00

00:59:30:00

1:00:00

SMPTE Color Bars at 75 
saturation

Reference tone at 1 khz on channels 1
and 2, reference tone of 400 hz on
channels 3 and 4. Reference tone
should be at 4dbu with a 600 ohm
impedance load (Equal to -20 dBfs) 

00:59:30:00

00:59:35:00

00:05:00

Black

Silence 

00:59:35:00

00:59:50:00

00:15:00

Program Slate (see details
below)

Silence 

00:59:50:00

00:59:58:00

00:08:00

Video Countdown from 10 to 2

Audible tone at each 1 second interval 

00:59:58:00

01:00:00:00

00:02:00

Black

Silence 

1:00:00:00

Program begins

Program begins 

Vertical blanking should fall within SMPTE 274M specifications, as stated in section 14
 Analog Synch and section 15 Analog Interface and in ITU-R specification BT.709-4. The vertical
blanking interval should equal lines 1-20 and lines 561-563 of the first field and lines 564-583
and lines 1124-1125 in the second field.

Horizontal blanking should fall within SMPTE 274M specifications, as stated in section 14
 Analog Synch and section 15 Analog Interface and ITU-R specification BT.709-4. Horizontal
blanking should be between 280 clock periods and a maximum of 292 clock periods, creating a
blanking width of between 3.775 microseconds and 3.935 microseconds when a clock period is equal to
13.48 nanoseconds.

Timecode SMPTE Dropframe timecode is mandatory. Time code shall adhere to SMPTE 12M,
 Time and Control Code . Program start time code must read 01:00:00:00. Time code should be
continuous and free of errors, containing all appropriate flagging bits.

All time code references, i.e. vertical interval time code, (VITC), longitudinal time code. (LTC)
or audio sector time code on Digital formats (ASTC) must match exactly.

1080 P 23.98 TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS 

1125 LINE/ 23.98 HZ LINE RATE PROGRESSIVE HIGH DEFINITION VIDEO SPECIFICATIONS: 

All video shall conform to SMPTE 274M, 1920 x 1080 Scanning and Analog and Parallel Digital
Interfaces for Multiple Picture Rates and SMPTE240M, Signal Parameters 1125- line High
Definition Productions Systems broadcast standards. All video information must be compliant
with either SMPTE 260M, 1125/60 High-Definition Production System Digital Representative and
Bit-Parallel Interface , or SMPTE 292M Bit -Serial Digital Interface for High-Definition
Systems. 

Master and source videotapes must meet industry standard or industry accepted standards for
tape format interchange. Source tapes may be either HD Cam or HD D5, at the 1080 progressive 23.98
Hz line rate. If acquisition is made by film stock, 35mm film with an aspect ratio of 1.77(16 x 9)
is required.

-1-

Video shall adhere to the specifications provided in SMPTE 274m , item 11 of table 1, which
outlines 1920x1080 progressive scan at a frame rate of 23.98 Hz.

Tape Leader: Industry-standard reference signals should be provided at the beginning of any
tape delivered to DCI. The arrangement of the reference signals should be as follows:

Starting Code 
 
 Ending Code 
 
 Duration 
 
 Video 
 
 Audio 

00:58:30:00

00:59:30:00

1:00:00

SMPTE Color Bars at 75 
saturation

Reference tone at 1 khz on channels 1
and 2, reference tone of 400 hz on
channels 3 and 4. Reference tone
should be at 4dbu with a 600 ohm
impedance load (Equal to -20 dBfs) 

00:59:30:00

00:59:35:00

00:05:00

Black

Silence 

00:59:35:00

00:59:50:00

00:15:00

Program Slate (see details
below)

Silence 

00:59:50:00

00:59:58:00

00:08:00

Video Countdown from 10 to 2

Audible tone at each 1 second interval 

00:59:58:00

01:00:00:00

00:02:00

Black

Silence 

1:00:00:00

Program begins

Program begins 

Vertical blanking should fall within SMPTE 274M specifications, as stated in section 14
 Analog Synch and section 15 Analog Interface and in ITU-R specification BT.709-4. The vertical
blanking interval should equal lines 1-41 and lines 1122-1125 in this progressive scanning format.

Horizontal blanking should fall within SMPTE 274M specifications, as stated in section 14
 Analog Synch and section 15 Analog Interface and in ITU-R specification BT.709-4. Horizontal
blanking should be between 830 clock periods and a maximum of 842 clock periods.

Timecode SMPTE timecode is mandatory. Time code shall adhere to SMPTE 12M, Time and
Control Code . Program start time code must read 01:00:00:00. Time code should be continuous
and free of errors, containing all appropriate flagging bits.

All time code references, i.e. vertical interval time code, (VITC), longitudinal time code. (LTC)
or audio sector time code on Digital formats (ASTC) must match exactly.

1080 P 25 TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS 

1125 LINE/ 25 HZ LINE RATE PROGRESSIVE HIGH DEFINITION VIDEO SPECIFICATIONS: 

All video shall conform to SMPTE 274M, 1920 x 1080 Scanning and Analog and Parallel Digital
Interfaces for Multiple Picture Rates and SMPTE240M, Signal Parameters 1125- line High
Definition Productions Systems broadcast standards. All video information must be compliant
with either SMPTE 260M, 1125/60 High-Definition Production System Digital Representative and
Bit-Parallel Interface , or SMPTE 292M Bit -Serial Digital Interface for High-Definition
Systems. 

Master and source videotapes must meet industry standard or industry accepted standards for
tape format interchange. Source tapes may be either HD Cam or HD D5, at the 1080 progressive 25 Hz
line rate. If acquisition is made by film stock, 35mm film with an aspect ratio of 1.77(16 x 9) is
required.

Video shall adhere to SMPTE 274m , item 9 of table 1, which outlines 1920x1080 progressive scan at
a frame rate of 25 Hz. 1035 line material is not acceptable for newly shot pieces.

Tape Leader: Industry-standard reference signals should be provided at the beginning of any
tape delivered to DCI. The arrangement of the reference signals should be as follows:

Starting Code 
 
 Ending Code 
 
 Duration 
 
 Video 
 
 Audio 

00:58:30:00

00:59:30:00

1:00:00

SMPTE Color Bars at 75 
saturation

Reference tone at 1 khz on channels 1
and 2, reference tone of 400 hz on
channels 3 and 4. Reference tone
should be at 4dbu with a 600 ohm
impedance load (Equal to -20 dBfs) 

00:59:30:00

00:59:35:00

00:05:00

Black

Silence 

00:59:35:00

00:59:50:00

00:15:00

Program Slate (see details
below)

Silence 

00:59:50:00

00:59:58:00

00:08:00

Video Countdown from 10 to 2

Audible tone at each 1 second interval 

00:59:58:00

01:00:00:00

00:02:00

Black

Silence 

1:00:00:00

Program begins

Program begins 

-2-

Vertical blanking should fall within SMPTE 274M specifications, as stated in section 14
 Analog Synch and section 15 Analog Interface and in ITU-R specification BT.709-4. The vertical
blanking interval should equal lines 1-41 and lines 1122-1125 in this progressive scanning format.

Horizontal blanking should fall within SMPTE 274M specifications, as stated in section 14
 Analog Synch and section 15 Analog Interface and in ITU-R specification BT.709-4. Horizontal
blanking should be between 714 clock periods and a maximum of 726 clock periods.

All time code references, i.e. vertical interval time code, (VITC), longitudinal time code. (LTC)
or audio sector time code on Digital formats (ASTC) must match exactly.

1080 I 50 TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS 

1125 LINE/ 50 HZ LINE RATE INTERLACE HIGH DEFINITION VIDEO SPECIFICATIONS: 

All video shall conform to SMPTE 274M, 1920 x 1080 Scanning and Analog and Parallel Digital
Interfaces for Multiple Picture Rates and SMPTE240M, Signal Parameters 1125- line High
Definition Productions Systems broadcast standards. All video information must be compliant
with either SMPTE 260M, 1125/60 High-Definition Production System Digital Representative and
Bit-Parallel Interface , or SMPTE 292M Bit -Serial Digital Interface for High-Definition
Systems. 

Master and source videotapes must meet industry standard or industry accepted standards for
tape format interchange. Source tapes may be either HD Cam or HD D5, at the 1080 interlace 50 Hz
line rate. If acquisition is made by film stock, 35mm film with an aspect ratio of 1.77(16 x 9) is
required.

Video shall adhere to SMPTE 274m, item 6 of table 1, which outlines 1920x1080 interlace at a frame
rate of 50 Hz. 1035 line material is not acceptable for newly shot pieces.

Tape Leader: Industry-standard reference signals should be provided at the beginning of any
tape delivered to DCI. The arrangement of the reference signals should be as follows:

Starting Code 
 
 Ending Code 
 
 Duration 
 
 Video 
 
 Audio 

00:58:30:00

00:59:30:00

1:00:00

SMPTE Color Bars at 75 
saturation

Reference tone at 1 khz on channels 1
and 2, reference tone of 400 hz on
channels 3 and 4. Reference tone
should be at 4dbu with a 600 ohm
impedance load (Equal to -20 dBfs) 

00:59:30:00

00:59:35:00

00:05:00

Black

Silence 

00:59:35:00

00:59:50:00

00:15:00

Program Slate (see details 
below)

Silence 

00:59:50:00

00:59:58:00

00:08:00

Video Countdown from 10 to 2

Audible tone at each 1 second interval 

00:59:58:00

01:00:00:00

00:02:00

Black

Silence 

1:00:00:00

Program begins

Program begins 

Vertical blanking should fall within SMPTE 274M specifications, as stated in section 14
 Analog Synch and section 15 Analog Interface and in ITU-R specification BT.709-4. The vertical
blanking interval should equal lines 1-20 and lines 561-563 of the first field and lines 564-583
and lines 1124-1125 in the second field.

Horizontal blanking should fall within SMPTE 274M specifications, as stated in section 14
 Analog Synch and section 15 Analog Interface and in table 4 of the Analogue Representation 
section of ITU-R specification BT.709-4. Horizontal blanking should be between 280 clock periods
and a maximum of 292 clock periods, creating a blanking width of between 3.775 microseconds and
3.935 microseconds when a clock period is equal to 13.48 nanoseconds.

Timecode EBU 25-frame timecode is mandatory. Time code shall adhere to SMPTE 12M,
 Time and Control Code . Program start time code must read 01:00:00:00. Time code should be
continuous and free of errors, containing all appropriate flagging bits.

All time code references, i.e. vertical interval time code, (VITC), longitudinal time code. (LTC)
or audio sector time code on Digital formats (ASTC) must match exactly.

-3-

Exhibit H 

ADJUSTED GROSS REVENUES ALL MEDIA 
Company RECEIVES 

1. As used herein:

1.1 Gross Revenues shall mean all sums actually received by Producer, its parents,
subsidiaries and affiliates from the exploitation of the Program in any and all media provided
that:

(a) Gross Revenues shall be determined after all refunds, returns, credits, discounts,
allowances and adjustments;

(b) Returnable advance payments shall not be included in Gross Revenues until actually earned
by Producer; and

(c) Producer shall have the right to withhold from Gross Revenues a reserve of ten percent
(10 of Gross Revenues for returns in connection with any Home Video exploitation of the Program,
provided that each addition to the reserve is liquidated within one (1) year of its establishment.

1.2 Adjusted Gross Revenues shall mean Gross Revenues remaining after the deduction
therefrom on a continuing basis of the following in the order set forth below:

(a) Producer s Distribution Fees as set forth below;

(b) Producer s Distribution Expenses as set forth below; and

1.3 Producer s Distribution Fees shall be Producer s customary distribution fees in
connection with the exploitation of the Program in the respective media, provided such Distribution
Fees shall not exceed twenty-five percent (25 of Gross Revenues. In the event that Producer
engages the services of a subdistributor in connection with the exploitation of its rights, the
Producer shall not be entitled to retain Distribution Fees. For clarity, Producer will not
include in Gross Revenues any actual fees paid to, and/or any expenses incurred by, any
unaffiliated third party subdistributor of the Program with whom Producer has negotiated and signed
a bona fide arms length distribution agreement.

1.4 Producer s Distribution Expenses shall include third party costs, charges and expenses
incurred by Producer in connection with versioning, distributing, exhibiting, advertising,
promoting, and exploiting the applicable rights in the Program, up to a maximum of 5 of Gross
Revenues.

1.5 In calculating Adjusted Gross Revenues hereunder, there shall be no
cross-collateralization of revenues and expenses among media.

2. Producer shall render to Company periodic statements prepared by an authorized agent of
Producer showing, in summary form, the calculation of all Adjusted Gross Revenues pursuant to this
Exhibit, which shall be accompanied by Company s share thereof, if any. Statements shall be
rendered on a calendar quarter basis, within sixty (60) days after the end of the quarter, for the
first two (2) years after the initial distribution of the Program for which Gross Revenues are
derived, and on a semi-annual basis thereafter, provided, however, that no statements need be
rendered for any accounting period in which no Gross Revenues are received. Should Producer make
any overpayment to Company hereunder for any reason, Producer shall have the right to deduct the
amount of such overpayment from any further monies owing to Company hereunder, or may demand
repayment from Company, in which event Company shall promptly repay the same to Producer.

-1-

3. Company may, at its own expense, but not more than once each year, audit Producer s records
relating to the Program at the offices of Producer for the purpose of verifying the payments made
to Company hereunder. Any such audit shall be conducted only by a certified public accountant
(subject to Producer s reasonable approval) during normal business hours upon reasonable prior
written notice and shall not continue for more than thirty (30) consecutive days. Company shall
not have the right to examine, inquire into or object to any matter contained in any statement
after the expiration of twelve (12) months from the date of mailing of the statement. Company s
right to examine Producer s records shall be limited to those relating specifically to the Program,
and under no circumstances shall Company have the right to examine records relating to Producer s
business generally or to any other programs for the purpose of comparison or otherwise. In the
event that an audit by Company discloses an underpayment of more than ten percent (10 to Company,
and such underpayment is not the subject of a good faith dispute, Producer shall reimburse Company
for the reasonable costs of such audit.

4. Producer shall not be considered a trustee, pledgeholder, fiduciary or agent of Company by
reason of anything done or any money collected by it, and shall not be obligated to segregate
receipts from the Program from its other funds. Producer shall not have any lien or other rights
in or to the Gross Revenues or Adjusted Gross Revenues of the Program, it being understood that the
references thereto are intended solely for the purpose of determining the amount of monies payable
to Company hereunder, if any. Producer shall have the complete authority to license, market and
exploit the Program and all rights therein, or to refrain from so doing, as it may choose in its
sole discretion, and Company acknowledges that Producer is not in any way making any
representations or guarantees of any kind whatsoever regarding the amount of Adjusted Gross
Revenues which may be received from the exploitation of the Program.

-2-

Exhibit I 
 Forms of Affidavit 

.net sites: 

WPT Enterprises, Inc. 
1041 North Formosa Avenue 
Formosa Building, Suite 99 
West Hollywood, CA 90046

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Sponsor Advertiser hereby represents, warrants and agrees
as follows with respect to the website (the Website ): 

1. 
 
 The Website, including all of its pages, games, and other components, contains no links
or references whatsoever to online gambling or any online gambling websites, including to
 .com or any other pay for play gambling websites. 

2. 
 
 The Website was established as an educational website with the sole purpose of teaching
participants how to play poker. The sole purpose of the Website is to provide such
instructional information. 

3. 
 
 The Website clearly states the following: that it does not permit players to play for
real money, nor can players win any prizes; that chips in players accounts have no value,
cash or otherwise, and cannot be exchanged for anything of value; and that any and all
references in the Website to pots, limits , betting or the like are solely for
instructional or illustrative purposes and do not involve real money or other items of
value. 

4. 
 
 The Website does not use any popup, adware, spyware or similar software for the
purpose of directing visitors to online gambling websites. 

5. 
 
 Any and all online gambling websites that are in any way affiliated with the
 Sponsor Advertiser contain no references or links to the Website. 

6. 
 
 The Website contains no references to gambling or monetary gain. 

7. 
 
 The Website does not conduct any cross-promotional, advertising or marketing activities
with any online gambling websites. 

8. 
 
 Any advertisements run by the Advertiser will include a clear and conspicuous
disclosure that the Website is not a gambling website. leave in if Advertiser 

9. 
 
 There are currently no claims or investigations by law enforcement officials,
regulators or other governmental authorities in connection with the business activities of
the Sponsor Advertiser or any of its employees. If, during the period in which the
 Sponsor Advertiser is involved with the Professional Poker Tour, the Sponsor 
 Advertiser learns of any such investigation or claim, the Sponsor Advertiser will
immediately notify the Professional Poker Tour. 

10. 
 
 The Sponsor Advertiser agrees to adhere to all of the above conditions at all times
during the duration of its sponsorship its advertising campaign , and the failure to
adhere at any time to the above conditions shall be a breach of this letter agreement. 

11. All sponsorship of advertising during the Professional Poker Tour 

-1-

shall be subject to the approval of the Professional Poker Tour, in its sole discretion.

Sincerely,

Name of Advertiser Name of Sponsor 

By: 

Agreed to: 

WPT Enterprises, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

-2-

.com sites 

, 2006 

WPT Enterprises, Inc. 
1041 North Formosa Avenue 
Formosa Building, Suite 99 
West Hollywood, CA 90046

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Sponsor Advertiser hereby represents, warrants and agrees
as follows with respect to the website (the Website ): 

12. 
 
 The Website does not permit people who reside in the United States US Residents to
play on the Website. 

13. 
 
 Any advertisements run by the Advertiser will include a clear and conspicuous
disclosure that US Residents are not permitted to play on the Website leave in if
Advertiser 

14. 
 
 There are currently no claims or investigations by law enforcement officials,
regulators or other governmental authorities in connection with the business activities of
the Sponsor Advertiser or any of its employees. If, during the period in which the
 Sponsor Advertiser is involved with the Professional Poker Tour, the Sponsor 
 Advertiser learns of any such investigation or claim, the Sponsor Advertiser will
immediately notify the Professional Poker Tour. 

15. 
 
 The Sponsor Advertiser agrees to adhere to all of the above conditions at all times
during the duration of its sponsorship its advertising campaign , and the failure to
adhere at any time to the above conditions shall be a breach of this letter agreement. 

16. 
 
 All sponsorship of advertising during the Professional Poker Tour shall be subject
to the approval of the Professional Poker Tour, in its sole discretion. 

Sincerely,

Name of Advertiser Name of Sponsor 

By: 

Agreed to: 

WPT Enterprises, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

-3-

</EX-10.20>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 v18125exv23w1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

exv23w1 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors 
WPT Enterprises, Inc. 
Los Angeles, California

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements of WPT Enterprises,
Inc. on Form S-8 (File No. 333-122573) of our reports dated February 6, 2006, included in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, on the financial statements of WPT Enterprises, Inc. as of January 1,
2006, and January 2, 2005, and for each of the three years ended January 1, 2006, January 2, 2005,
and December 28, 2003, and on management s assessment of and on the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2006.

/s/ Piercy Bowler Taylor Kern

Piercy, Bowler, Taylor Kern, Certified Public Accountants 
and Business Advisors a Professional Corporation 

Las Vegas, Nevada March 3, 2006

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 v18125exv31w1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

exv31w1 

Exhibit
 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Steven Lipscomb, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on
 Form 10-K 
 of WPT Enterprises, Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not
 contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
 a material fact necessary to make the statement made, in light
 of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual
 report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
 other financial information included in this quarterly report,
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of,
 and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
 responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-14 
 and 15d-14) 
 for the registrant and have:

i. designed such disclosure controls and procedures to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
 including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
 others within those entities, particularly during the period in
 which this annual report is being prepared;

ii. designed such internal control over financial
 reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
 reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles;

iii. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report
 our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
 controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

iv. disclosed in this report any change in the
 registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
 occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
 (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
 annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
 likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I
 have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
 control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of
 directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

i. all significant deficiencies in the design or operation
 of internal controls over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information; and

ii. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
 management or other employees who have a significant role in the
 registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.

/s/ Steven Lipscomb

Steven Lipscomb

Founder, Chief Executive Officer and President

Dated: March 8, 2006

66

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 v18125exv31w2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

exv31w2 

Exhibit
 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, W. Todd Steele, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on
 Form 10-K 
 of WPT Enterprises, Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not
 contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
 a material fact necessary to make the statement made, in light
 of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual
 report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
 other financial information included in this quarterly report,
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of,
 and for, the periods presented in this annual report.;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
 responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-14 
 and 15d-14) 
 for the registrant and have:

i. designed such disclosure controls and procedures to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
 including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
 others within those entities, particularly during the period in
 which this annual report is being prepared;

ii. designed such internal control over financial
 reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
 reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles;

iii. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report
 our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
 controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

iv. disclosed in this report any change in the
 registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
 occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
 (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
 annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
 likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I
 have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
 control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of
 directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

i. all significant deficiencies in the design or operation
 of internal controls over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information; and

ii. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
 management or other employees who have a significant role in the
 registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.

/s/ W. Todd Steele

W. Todd Steele

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary

Dated: March 8, 2006

67

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 v18125exv32w1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

exv32w1 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
(18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In connection with the Annual Report of WPT Enterprises, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
 Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2006, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Steven Lipscomb, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oakley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350),
that:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.

Dated: March 8, 2006

/s/ Steven Lipscomb 

Steven Lipscomb 

Founder, Chief Executive 

Officer and President 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 v18125exv32w2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

exv32w2 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
(18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In connection with the Annual Report of WPT Enterprises, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
 Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2006, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I,
W. Todd Steele, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350),
that:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.

Dated: March 8, 2006

/s/ W. Todd Steele 

W. Todd Steele 
Chief Financial Officer, 
Treasurer and Secretary 

</EX-32.2>

