<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20061218_10-K_edgar_data_858803_0000936392-06-001124.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2539747</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>952354</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>28660</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1170830</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000936392-06-001124.hdr.sgml : 20061218
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20061215204148
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000936392-06-001124
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20060930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20061218
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20061215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000858803
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				330314804
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15803
		FILM NUMBER:		061281822

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 ENTERPRISE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			ALISO VIEJO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92656
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-389-6700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 ENTERPRISE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			ALISO VIEJO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92656

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIDAK PHARMACEUTICALS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 JFnPoDd9NpTU1QM6a0CZWNO3p+JbOD4z3YZXuzoVpL0z+JQ4Lx7pQxDjs86B3rOO
 etMBKqVVGQEk+c62QOp8jw==

 0000936392-06-001124.txt : 20061218

10-K
 1
 a25225e10vk.htm
 FORM 10-K

Avanir Pharmaceuticals 

Table of Contents 

UNITED
 STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C.
 20549 

Form 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended
 September 30, 2006 

OR 

o 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
 from 
 to 

Commission File
 No. 1-15803 

A vanir 
 Pharmaceuticals 

(Exact name of registrant as
 specified in its charter) 

California 

33-0314804 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification
 No.) 

101 Enterprise
 Suite 300, 
 Aliso Viejo, California 

92656 
 (Zip Code) 

(Address of principal executive
 offices) 

(949) 389-6700 

(Registrant s telephone
 number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
 Act: 

Class A Common Stock, no par value 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
 Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
 seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
 Act. Yes o No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
 reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15
 (d) of the
 Act. Yes o No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
 all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
 the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
 12 months (or for such shorter periods that the registrant
 was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
 subject to such filing requirements for the past
 90 days. Yes No o

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
 pursuant to Item 405 of
 Regulation S-K 
 is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
 of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or
 information statement incorporated by reference in Part III
 of this
 Form 10-K 
 or any amendment to this
 Form 10-K. o

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
 accelerated filer, an accelerated filer or a non-accelerated
 filer. (See definition of accelerated filer and
 large accelerated filer in
 Rule 12b-2 
 of the Exchange Act). Check one:

Large Accelerated
 Filer o Accelerated
 Filer Non-accelerated
 Filer o

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
 (as defined in
 Rule 12b-2 
 of the Exchange
 Act). Yes o No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common
 equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of
 March 31, 2006 was approximately 271.1 million, based
 upon the closing price on the American Stock Exchange reported
 for such date. Shares of common stock held by each officer and
 director and by each person who is known to own 5 or more of
 the outstanding Common Stock have been excluded in that such
 persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the Company. This
 determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a
 conclusive determination for other purposes.

37,033,190 shares of the registrant s Common Stock
 were issued and outstanding as of December 5, 2006.

DOCUMENTS
 INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Certain information required to be disclosed in Part III of
 this report is incorporated by reference from the
 registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2007 annual
 meeting of shareholders, which will be held on February 1,
 2007 and which proxy statement will be filed not later than
 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
 report.

Table of
 Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 

1

Item 1A. 

Risk
 factors 

10

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff
 Comments 

18

Item 2. 

Properties 

18

Item 3. 

Legal
 Proceedings 

18

Item 4. 

Submission of
 Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

18

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market For
 Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

18

Item 6. 

Selected Financial
 Data 

19

Item 7. 

Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations 

21

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and
 Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

41

Item 8. 

Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 

42

Item 9. 

Changes in and
 Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial
 Disclosure 

42

Item 9A. 

Controls and
 Procedures 

42

Item 9B. 

Other
 Information 

45

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors and
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 

45

Item 11. 

Executive
 Compensation 

47

Item 12. 

Securities
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
 Related Stockholder Matters 

47

Item 13. 

Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions 

47

Item 14. 

Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 

47

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits and
 Financial Statement Schedules 

47

SIGNATURES 

51

EXHIBIT 10.7 
 EXHIBIT 10.9 
 EXHIBIT 10.21 
 EXHIBIT 10.22 
 EXHIBIT 10.34 
 EXHIBIT 10.35 
 EXHIBIT 10.39 
 EXHIBIT 18.1 
 EXHIBIT 21.1 
 EXHIBIT 23.1 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 
 EXHIBIT 31.3 
 EXHIBIT 32.1 
 EXHIBIT 32.2 
 EXHIBIT 32.3 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 

This annual report on
 Form 10-K 
 contains forward-looking statements concerning future events and
 performance of our company. When used in this report, the words
 intend, estimate, 
 anticipate, believe, plan, 
 goal and expect and similar expressions
 as they relate to
 Avanir are
 included to identify forward-looking statements. You should not
 rely on these forward-looking statements, because they are only
 predictions based on our current expectations and assumptions.
 Many factors could cause our actual results to differ materially
 from those indicated in these forward-looking statements. You
 should review carefully the factors identified in this report as
 set forth below and under the caption Risk Factors. 
 We disclaim any intent to update any forward-looking statements
 to reflect subsequent actual events or developments. Except as
 otherwise indicted herein, all dates referred to in this Report
 represent periods or dates fixed with reference to the calendar
 year, rather than our fiscal year ending September 30. 

The
 Company 

Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals is a pharmaceutical company focused on
 developing, acquiring and commercializing novel therapeutic
 products for the treatment of chronic diseases. Our product
 candidates address therapeutic markets that include the central
 nervous system, cardiovascular disorders, inflammatory and
 infectious diseases.

We currently market
 FazaClo ,
 the only orally-disintegrating formulation of clozapine for the
 management of treatment resistant schizophrenia and reduction in
 the risk of recurrent suicidal behavior in schizophrenia or
 schizoaffective disorders. We acquired FazaClo in the
 acquisition of Alamo Pharmaceuticals, LLC Alamo in
 May 2006. See Note 4, Alamo Acquisition in the
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further
 discussion of the acquisition.

Our lead product candidate,
 Zenvia tm 
 (formerly referred to as
 Neurodex tm for the treatment of involuntary emotional expression disorder
 IEED ), also known as pseudobulbar affect
 PBA or emotional lability, has completed two
 Phase III clinical trials. On October 30, 2006, we
 received an approvable letter from the FDA for our
 NDA submission for Zenvia for the treatment of IEED/PBA. An
 approvable letter is an official notification from the FDA that
 certain additional conditions must be satisfied prior to
 obtaining U.S. marketing approval for a new drug. The
 approvable letter that we received from the FDA outlined
 concerns that the agency has regarding the efficacy and safety
 data contained in our NDA submission, which may require
 additional clinical trials and data in order to obtain marketing
 approval. The principal questions
 and/or 
 concerns raised in the approvable letter related to the
 following: (i) the choice of statistical methods used to
 analyze a secondary endpoint in the amyotrophic lateral
 sclerosis ALS trial and whether the requirements
 of the combination drug policy have been met, and
 (ii) safety concerns relating to Zenvia s active
 ingredients, dextromethorphan and quinidine sulfate,
 particularly for the patient population that would be prescribed
 Zenvia.

Because the approvable letter did not specify the exact data and
 what additional clinical trials may be required, if any, we have
 scheduled a meeting with the FDA in the first quarter of 2007 to
 clarify what would be needed for marketing approval. Until we
 meet with the FDA, we will not know how extensive any required
 additional data
 and/or 
 trials are likely to be. However, we believe that it is likely
 that the FDA s requirements for additional data may be
 substantial and that we may be required to undertake additional
 trials that would be costly and time consuming. Accordingly, we
 cannot be certain that, once we have met with the FDA, we will
 continue the development of Zenvia as previously planned.

We are also currently developing Zenvia for the treatment of
 chronic diabetic neuropathic pain and we are evaluating Zenvia
 for use for other clinical indications. We are currently engaged
 in a Phase III clinical trial of Zenvia in patients with
 painful diabetic neuropathy under a special protocol assessment
 SPA ). An SPA is an agreement between the FDA and
 the sponsor of a clinical trial documenting that if the study
 endpoints are met, the results should be acceptable to support a
 New Drug Application (NDA). Our future development plans for
 Zenvia for this indication may be affected by our upcoming
 meeting with the FDA.

1

Table of Contents 

Our research and drug discovery programs have historically been
 focused primarily on small molecules that can be taken orally as
 therapeutic treatments. We have one Phase I development
 program, which is for the treatment of atherosclerosis and is
 partnered with AstraZeneca UK Limited AstraZeneca ).
 In November 2006, we announced that we had ended the development
 of our other Phase I program,
 AVP-13358, 
 which was being developed as a potential treatment for lupus. We
 are currently evaluating strategic options as it relates to
 AVP-13358. 
 Our pre-clinical research program targeting macrophage migration
 inhibitory factor MIF in the treatment of
 inflammatory diseases is partnered with Novartis International
 Pharmaceutical Ltd. Novartis ). We also have
 developed an anthrax antibody using our proprietary
 Xenerex tm 
 technology, which is currently being funded by a
 2.0 million grant from the National Institute of Allergy
 and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health
 NIH ).

Our first commercialized product, docosanol 10 cream, (sold as
 Abreva 
 by our marketing partner GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare in
 North America) is the only
 over-the-counter 
 treatment for cold sores that has been approved by the FDA.

We were incorporated in California in 1988. Our principal
 executive offices are located at 101 Enterprise, Suite 300,
 Aliso Viejo, California 92656. Our telephone number is
 (949) 389-6700 
 and our
 e-mail 
 address is info@avanir.com. Our Internet website address
 is www.avanir.com. We make our periodic and current
 reports available on our Internet website, free of charge, as
 soon as reasonably practicable after such material is
 electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and
 Exchange Commission SEC ). No portion of our website
 is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K. 

Avanir 
 Marketed Products and Product Pipeline

The following chart illustrates the status of research and
 development activities for our products, product candidates and
 licensed technologies that are commercialized or under
 development.

2

Table of Contents 

FazaClo 
 Resistant Schizophrenia/Reduction of Suicide 

FazaClo is an orally disintegrating form of clozapine that was
 approved by the FDA in February 2004 and commercially launched
 in the United States in July 2004. FazaClo is indicated for
 treatment resistant schizophrenia and reduction in the risk of
 recurrent suicidal behavior in schizophrenia or schizoaffective
 disorders. Of the estimated two million Americans who suffer
 from schizophrenia, approximately 20 are termed
 treatment-refractory, because they derive little or no benefit
 from conventional antipsychotic medications. FazaClo is also
 indicated for reducing the risk of recurrent suicidal behavior
 in patients with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder who
 are judged to be at chronic risk for re-experiencing suicidal
 behavior, based on history and recent clinical state. FazaClo is
 not generally used as first line treatment because, like all
 clozapine products, it carries a significant black box warning
 concerning agranulocytosis, a potentially life threatening and
 unpredictable adverse event. FazaClo is an innovative dosage
 form that uses a proprietary technology to produce a tablet that
 rapidly disintegrates (in about 15 to 30 seconds) and is then
 swallowed reflexively in saliva. We believe that this orally
 disintegrating dosage form can be important in treating a
 disease such as schizophrenia in which rigorous patient
 compliance is an important component of therapy and any
 compliance barrier may significantly affect the patient s
 treatment.

Docosanol
 10 Cream Cold Sores 

Docosanol 10 cream is a topical treatment for cold sores. In
 2000, we received FDA approval for marketing docosonal 10 cream
 as an
 over-the-counter 
 product. Since that time, docosanol 10 cream has been approved
 by regulatory agencies in Canada, Denmark, Finland, Israel,
 Korea, Norway, Portugal, Spain and Sweden. Docosanol 10 is sold
 by our marketing partners in the United States, Canada, Korea,
 Israel, and Sweden. In 2000, we granted a subsidiary of
 GlaxoSmithKline, SB Pharmco Puerto Rico, Inc.
 GlaxoSmithKline the exclusive rights to market
 docosanol 10 cream in North America. GlaxoSmithKline markets
 the product under the name
 abreva 
 in the United States and Canada. In fiscal 2003, we sold an
 undivided interest in our GlaxoSmithKline license agreement for
 docosanol 10 cream to Drug Royalty USA, Inc. Drug
 Royalty USA for 24.1 million. We retained the right
 to receive 50 of all royalties under the GlaxoSmithKline
 license agreement for annual wholesale sales of Abreva in North
 America in excess of 62 million. We estimate that
 wholesale sales reached 59.7 million in 2006. We also
 retained the rights to develop and license docosanol 10 cream
 outside North America for the treatment of cold sores and other
 indications.

Under the terms of our docosanol license agreements, our
 partners are generally responsible for all regulatory approvals,
 sales and marketing activities, and manufacturing and
 distribution of the product in the licensed territories. The
 terms of the license agreements typically provide for us to
 receive a data transfer fee, potential milestone payments and
 royalties on product sales. We purchase the active
 pharmaceutical ingredient API ), docosanol, from a
 large supplier in Western Europe and sell the material to our
 licensees for commercialization. We currently store our API in
 the United States. Any material disruption in manufacturing
 could cause a delay in shipments and possible loss of sales.

Zenvia 
 Involuntary Emotional Expression Disorder (IEED)/Pseudobulbar
 Affect (PBA) 

IEED/PBA is a complex neurological syndrome that is
 characterized by a lack of control of emotional expression,
 typically episodes of involuntary or exaggerated motor
 expression of emotion such as laughing
 and/or 
 crying or weeping when the patient does not feel those emotions
 or in an exaggerated amount. IEED/PBA afflicts patients with
 neurological disorders such as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
 ALS ), Alzheimer s disease AD ),
 multiple sclerosis MS ), stroke, traumatic brain
 injury and Parkinson s disease. While the exact number is
 unknown, based on our review of medical literature, independent
 surveys and our latest market research, we believe that there
 are likely over one million patients in the U.S. suffering
 from the symptoms of IEED/PBA. In addition, we believe that the
 availability of an FDA-approved treatment option for these
 patients may lead to the diagnosis of additional patients. If
 the FDA approves Zenvia, it would be the first drug approved for
 the treatment of IEED/PBA. Zenvia is a patented, orally
 administered combination of two well-characterized compounds,
 the active ingredient dextromethorphan and the enzyme inhibitor
 quinidine, which serves to increase the bioavailablity of
 dextromethorphan in the human body.

3

Table of Contents 

As discussed above, we received an approvable letter 
 from the FDA in October 2006 for our NDA submission for Zenvia
 for the treatment of IEED/PBA. Because the approvable letter did
 not specify the exact data and what additional clinical trials
 may be required, if any, for approval of Zenvia, we will not
 know how extensive any required additional data
 and/or 
 trials are likely to be until our planned meeting with the FDA
 in the first quarter of 2007. However, we believe that it is
 likely that the FDA s requirements for additional data may
 be substantial and that we may be required to undertake
 additional trials that would be costly and time consuming.
 Accordingly, we cannot be certain that, once we have met with
 the FDA, we will continue the development of Zenvia as
 previously planned.

We have been engaged in an open-label safety study for the
 treatment of IEED/PBA in a broad pool of patients who experience
 the symptoms of IEED/PBA associated with their underlying
 neurodegenerative disease or condition. We have ceased enrolling
 new patients in this study and, depending on the outcome of our
 meeting with the FDA, we may or may not continue with the
 open-label safety study.

The NDA for Zenvia contains data from two controlled,
 multicenter Phase III clinical trials one
 conducted in ALS patients and the other in MS patients. The NDA
 also includes data from an ongoing open-label clinical study
 evaluating the safety of long-term exposure to Zenvia in
 patients with IEED/PBA associated with a variety of neurological
 disorders. We believe that we have achieved positive results in
 both the primary and secondary efficacy endpoints of two pivotal
 Phase III clinical trials evaluating Zenvia in the
 treatment of IEED/PBA.

In a Phase III clinical study of Zenvia for the treatment
 of IEED/PBA in patients who have MS, completed in June 2004,
 150 patients at 22 clinical sites were given either placebo
 or Zenvia twice a day for 85 days. A scale that helps
 describe how much these recurring episodes of inappropriate
 laughing or crying impacts their lives that is called The
 Center for Neurological Study Lability Scale, or
 CNS-LS Scale ), was used to measure the effectiveness
 of Zenvia. Of those taking the drug, 84 reported improvement in
 the condition based on the CNS-LS Score, compared to 49 of
 those on placebo. The majority of reported side effects were
 mild or moderate. Of the side effects reported in 5 or more of
 the study participants, only dizziness was seen significantly
 more for Zenvia-treated patients than for placebo-treated
 patients.

The first Phase III clinical study of Zenvia for the
 treatment of IEED/PBA conducted in ALS patients was completed in
 June 2002 Neurology, 2004; 63:1364-1370). This clinical
 trial had three treatment arms and compared Zenvia to each of
 its two individual components, dextromethorphan and quinidine.
 Results from the Phase III trial with ALS patients
 demonstrated a favorable clinical effect for the primary
 endpoint of the study.

In August 2006, we entered into a development and license
 agreement with Eurand, Inc. Eurand ), under which
 Eurand will provide research and development services
 R using Eurand s certain proprietary
 technology to develop a
 once-a-day 
 controlled release capsule, a new formulation, of Zenvia for the
 treatment of IEED/PBA.

Zenvia 
 Painful Diabetic Neuropathy Indication 

Painful diabetic neuropathy, which arises from nerve injury, can
 result in a chronic and debilitating form of pain that has
 historically been poorly diagnosed and treated. Conditions that
 can cause neuropathic pain include trauma (e.g. car accidents),
 cancer, viral infection (e.g. herpes zoster) and metabolic
 disease (e.g. diabetic neuropathy). According to the American
 Diabetes Association at least half of the 15.7 million
 Americans who have diabetes are estimated to suffer from nerve
 damage caused by the disease. The damaged nerves can alter the
 sensitivity of pain centers in the spinal cord and consequently
 intensify pain transmission within the central nervous system.
 Painful diabetic neuropathy currently is most commonly treated
 with tricyclic antidepressants, anticonvulsants, opioid
 analgesics and local anesthetics. Most of these treatments have
 limited effectiveness or undesirable side effects. It is
 estimated that the potential market size for drugs that treat
 painful diabetic neuropathy is at least 1 billion.

As of November 2006, we have enrolled the necessary number of
 patients needed to assess the efficacy endpoint in our ongoing
 Zenvia Phase III painful diabetic neuropathy trial. The
 protocol for the Phase III study was reviewed by the FDA
 through the SPA process. Assuming positive outcomes, we
 currently expect to use the data from this study as one of the
 pivotal Phase III clinical trials required before we would
 be able to submit an NDA for

4

Table of Contents 

this indication. In the statistical plan, a total of
 364 patients would be required to obtain 90 power with a
 30 allowance for drop out. We have determined that it is
 unnecessary to enroll additional patients and now consider the
 trial fully enrolled with approximately 380 patients. The
 data from the trial is currently anticipated in mid-2007.

Reverse
 Cholesterol Transport Technology 
 Atherosclerosis 

In July 2005, we entered into an exclusive license and research
 collaboration agreement with AstraZeneca regarding the license
 of certain compounds we discovered for the potential treatment
 of cardiovascular disease. Under the terms of the agreement, we
 will be eligible to receive royalty payments, assuming the
 licensed product is successfully developed by AstraZeneca and
 approved for marketing by the FDA. We are also eligible to
 receive up to 330 million in milestone payments contingent
 upon AstraZeneca s performance and achievement of certain
 development and regulatory milestones, which could take several
 years of further development, including achievement of certain
 sales targets, if a licensed compound is approved for marketing
 by the FDA. Pursuant to the agreement with AstraZeneca, we will
 also perform certain research activities directed and funded by
 AstraZeneca. For more information regarding this license
 agreement, see Note 13, License and Research
 Collaboration Agreements in the Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements.

Macrophage
 Migration Inhibitory Factor MIF 
 Inflammation 

In April 2005, we entered into an exclusive license and research
 collaboration agreement with Novartis regarding the license of
 certain compounds that regulate macrophage migration inhibitory
 factor MIF in the treatment of various
 inflammatory diseases. Under the terms of the agreement, we will
 be eligible to receive royalty payments, assuming the licensed
 product is successfully developed by Novartis and approved for
 marketing by the FDA. We are also eligible to receive up to
 198 million in milestone payments contingent upon
 Novartis performance and achievement of certain
 development and regulatory milestones, including approval for
 certain additional indications, and regulatory milestones, which
 could take several years of further development by Novartis,
 including achievement of certain sales targets, if a licensed
 compound is approved for marketing by the FDA. Pursuant to the
 agreement with Novartis, we will also perform certain research
 activities directed and funded by Novartis. For more information
 regarding this license agreement, see Note 13,
 License and Research Collaboration Agreements in the
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Xenerex
 Antibody Technology Anthrax/Other Infectious
 Diseases 

Our patented Xenerex antibody technology can be used to develop
 human monoclonal antibodies for use as prophylactic and
 therapeutic drugs to prevent and treat anthrax and other
 infectious diseases. The proprietary technology provides a
 platform for accessing human monoclonal antibodies against
 disease antigens. The Xenerex technology is capable of
 generating fully human antibodies to target antigens and draws
 on the natural diversity of the human donor population. Using
 Xenerex technology, we have discovered a human monoclonal
 antibody,
 AVP-21D9, 
 that provides immediate post-exposure neutralization and
 immediate immunity to animals exposed to a lethal dose of
 recombinant anthrax toxins.

Our anthrax antibody is in preclinical development and is
 currently being funded by grants from the National Institute of
 Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of
 Health NIH ). In June 2006, we were notified that we
 had been awarded a 2.0 million research grant from the NIH
 for ongoing research and development related to our anthrax
 antibody. Under the terms of the grant, the NIH will reimburse
 us for up to 2.0 million in certain expenses related to
 the establishment of a cGMP manufacturing process and the
 testing of efficacy of the anthrax antibody. Subject to certain
 conditions, we, as the awardee organization, retain the
 principal worldwide patent rights to any invention developed
 with the United States government support. Our progress on this
 program will substantially depend on future grants, as well as
 our business priorities. Currently, we expect that we will
 continue with the development of this program only to the extent
 that its development is funded by research grants. Because all
 of our monoclonal antibody research is at a very early
 preclinical stage of development and is unpredictable in terms
 of the outcome, we are unable to predict the cost and timing for
 development of this antibody.

5

Table of Contents 

AVP-13358 
 Selective Cytokine Inhibitor 

In November 2006, in an effort to reduce operating expenses we
 decided to place on hold activities associated with the
 selective cytokine inhibitor clinical development program.
 AVP-13358 is
 a novel, orally active drug molecule discovered by our
 scientists that has anti-inflammatory and other pharmacological
 properties that could be useful against certain disease targets.
 Experiments in animals have shown that it inhibits or prevents
 the production of one such target, immunoglobulin epsilon
 IgE ), a pro-inflammatory mediator, and certain
 cytokines associated with chronic inflammatory diseases. For
 example, the compound suppresses markers of disease in mouse
 models of asthma and Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE), which
 could indicate that the compound has the potential to be
 effective in those diseases. We completed a multi-rising dose
 Phase Ib safety trial of
 AVP-13358 in
 November 2005, We have evaluated several therapeutic indications
 for this program and may elect to continue with its development
 in the future.

Competition 

The pharmaceutical industry is characterized by rapidly evolving
 technology and intense competition. Many companies of all sizes,
 including major pharmaceutical companies and specialized
 biotechnology companies, engage in activities similar to our
 activities. Many of our competitors have substantially greater
 financial and other resources and larger research and
 development and clinical and regulatory affairs staffs. In
 addition, colleges, universities, governmental agencies and
 other public and private research organizations continue to
 conduct research and are becoming more active in seeking patent
 protection and licensing arrangements to collect royalties for
 use of technologies that they have developed. Some of our
 competitors products and technologies are in direct
 competition with ours. We also must compete with these
 institutions in recruiting highly qualified scientific personnel.

FazaClo. The primary competition for FazaClo
 is:

Clozaril (Novartis)

Generic Clozapine (several manufacturers)

In addition, the broader potential market for FazaClo competes
 against so-called atypical antipsychotics, also known informally
 as second-generation antipsychotics. These include the following:

Abilify (aripiprazole, BMS)

Geodon (ziprasidone, Pfizer)

Risperdal (risperidone, Janssen)

Seroquel (quetiapine, AstraZeneca)

Zyprexa (olanszapine, Lilly)

Docosanol 10 cream. Abreva faces intense
 competition in North America from the following established
 products:

Over-the-counter 
 monograph preparations, including
 Carmex ,
 Zilactin ,
 Campho ,
 Orajel ,
 Herpecin 
 and others;

Zovirax 
 acyclovir (oral and topical) and
 Valtrex 
 valacyclovir (oral) prescription products marketed by Biovail
 Corporation and GlaxoSmithKline, respectively, and

Famvir 
 famciclovir (oral) and
 Denavir 
 penciclovir (topical) prescription products marketed by Novartis.

Zenvia for Involuntary Emotional Expression
 Disorder/Pseudobulbar Affect. Although we
 anticipate that Zenvia could be the first product to be marketed
 for the treatment of IEED/PBA, assuming we continue development
 and the FDA approves the drug, we are aware that physicians may
 utilize other products in an

6

Table of Contents 

off-label manner for the treatment of this disorder. For
 example, Zenvia may face competition from the following products:

Antidepressants, including
 Prozac ,
 Celexa ,
 Zoloft ,
 Paxil ,
 Elavil 
 and
 Pamelor 
 and others;

Atypical antipsychotics agents, including
 Zyprexa ,
 Resperdal ,
 Abilify ,
 Geodon 
 and others; and

Miscellaneous agents, including
 Symmetrel ,
 Lithium and others.

Zenvia for painful diabetic neuropathy. We
 anticipate that Zenvia for the treatment of painful diabetic
 neuropathy, if further developed by us and approved by the FDA
 for marketing, would compete with other drug products that are
 currently prescribed by physicians, including:

Cymbalta ;

Narcotic products; and

Off-label uses of non-narcotic products, such as the
 anticonvulsants phenytoin and carbamazepine, and the
 antidepressant amitriptyline.

Reverse Cholesterol Transport. Our reverse
 cholesterol transport program competes with a significant number
 of other compounds and approaches under development by other
 biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. These companies
 include, but are not limited to, Merck & Co., Novartis
 Pharma AG and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company.

MIF Inhibitor Technology. The therapeutic area
 of inflammation represents a large market and many of the major
 pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies have research and
 development programs in this area. There are both direct and
 indirect competitors. Direct competitors include those with
 programs based on MIF as the molecular target. Indirect
 competitors are those developing agents based on other molecular
 targets relevant to the inflammation cascade and include Merck,
 Pfizer, GlaxoSmithKline, Amgen Inc. and Wyeth.

Antibody generation technology. Several
 companies, including Human Genome Sciences, Inc., Medarex Inc.
 and Abgenix, Inc., have research programs focused on developing
 anthrax antibodies.

AVP-13358 
 (selective cytokine inhibitor). If we continue
 the development of our
 AVP-13358 
 program, it would compete with several research approaches and
 numerous compounds under development by large pharmaceutical and
 biotechnology companies. One such example for asthma is the
 anti-IgE therapy using rhuMAB-E25
 (Xolair ),
 a recombinant humanized monoclonal antibody developed in a
 collaboration between Genentech, Tanox and Novartis. The
 injectable antibody Xolair was approved for marketing by the FDA
 in 2003. The development of agents for lupus is less competitive
 but still includes large pharma companies such as Bristol-Myers
 Squibb Company and biotechnology companies such as Genentech
 Inc. and Medimmune Inc.

Marketing
 and Customers 

We market and sell FazaClo only in the United States. We
 currently promote FazaClo to physicians, hospitals,
 pharmacies and wholesalers through our own sales force. FazaClo
 is typically distributed to pharmacies and hospitals through
 wholesalers. If we seek to commercialize FazaClo outside of the
 United States, we expect that we would do so through a marketing
 partner or license.

Manufacturing 

We currently have no manufacturing or production facilities and,
 accordingly, rely on third parties for commercial and clinical
 production of our products and product candidates. FazaClo is
 manufactured by a single supplier, CIMA Labs, Inc., and we
 obtain the API for Zenvia from one of several available
 commercial suppliers. Further, we licensed to various
 pharmaceutical companies the exclusive rights to manufacture and
 distribute docosanol 10 cream.

We, and the manufacturers of our products and product
 candidates, rely on suppliers of raw materials used in the
 commercial manufacturing of our products. Some of these
 materials, including the active ingredients in FazaClo,
 docosanol 10 cream and Zenvia, are custom and available from
 only a limited number of sources. We

7

Table of Contents 

currently attempt to mitigate the risk associated with such sole
 source raw materials and production by actively managing our
 inventories and supply and production arrangements. We attempt
 to remain appraised of the financial condition of our suppliers
 and their ability to continue to supply our raw materials and
 finished products in an uninterrupted and timely manner. We have
 not experienced any significant shortages in supplies of such
 raw materials or finished products. Unavailability of certain
 materials or the loss of current sources of production could
 cause an interruption in production and a reduced supply of
 finished product pending establishment of new sources, or in
 some cases, implementation of alternative processes. See
 Item 1A, Risk Factors, for a discussion of the
 risks associated with our outsourcing of manufacturing functions.

Patents
 and Proprietary Rights 

Patents. We presently own or have the rights
 to 144 issued patents (33 U.S. and 111 foreign) and 358
 applications pending (37 U.S. and 321 foreign). Patents and
 patent applications owned by the Company include
 docosanol-related products and technologies, Xenerex
 technologies for developing monoclonal antibodies, Zenvia,
 selective cytokine inhibitor, MIF inhibitor technology and
 reverse cholesterol transport enhancer.

Patents and Patent Applications 

United States 

Foreign 

Description: 

Issued 

Expiration Dates 

Pending 

Issued 

Expiration Dates 

Pending 

Docosanol-related technologies

10

2008 to 2017

3

73

Various

48

FazaClo

0

2

1

April 2007

Xenerex antibody technologies

6

2008 to 2015

12

0

Various

1

Selective cytokine inhibitor

8

2019

6

27

Various

130

Zenvia

7

2011 to 2019

1

5

24

MIF inhibitor technology

2

8

2

71

Reverse cholesterol transport
 enhancer

0

5

3

47

Total

33

37

111

321

We cannot assure you that the claims in our pending patent
 applications will be issued as patents, that any issued patents
 will provide us with significant competitive advantages, or that
 the validity or enforceability of any of our patents will not be
 challenged or, if instituted, that these challenges will not be
 successful. The cost of litigation to uphold the validity and
 prevent infringement of our patents could be substantial.
 Furthermore, we cannot assure you that others will not
 independently develop similar technologies or duplicate our
 technologies or design around the patented aspects of our
 technologies. We can provide no assurance that our proposed
 technologies will not infringe patents or rights owned by
 others, the licenses to which might not be available to us.

In addition, the approval process for patent applications in
 foreign countries may differ significantly from the process in
 the U.S. The patent authorities in each country administer
 that country s laws and regulations relating to patents
 independently of the laws and regulations of any other country
 and the patents must be sought and obtained separately.
 Therefore, approval in one country does not necessarily indicate
 that approval can be obtained in other countries.

Information regarding the status of our various research and
 development programs, and the amounts spent on major programs
 through the last two fiscal years, can be found under the
 caption Management s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Government
 Regulations 

The FDA and comparable regulatory agencies in foreign countries
 regulate extensively the manufacture and sale of the
 pharmaceutical products that we have developed or currently are
 developing. The FDA has established guidelines and safety
 standards that are applicable to the nonclinical evaluation and
 clinical investigation of therapeutic products and stringent
 regulations that govern the manufacture and sale of these
 products. The process

8

Table of Contents 

of obtaining regulatory approval for a new therapeutic product
 usually requires a significant amount of time and substantial
 resources. The steps typically required before a product can be
 produced and marketed for human use include:

Animal pharmacology studies to obtain preliminary information on
 the safety and efficacy of a drug; and

Nonclinical evaluation in vitro and in vivo
 including extensive toxicology studies.

The results of these nonclinical studies may be submitted to the
 FDA as part of an IND application. The sponsor of an IND
 application may commence human testing of the compound
 30 days after submission of the IND, unless notified to the
 contrary by the FDA.

The clinical testing program for a new drug typically involves
 three phases:

Phase I investigations are generally conducted in healthy
 subjects. In certain instances, subjects with a life-threatening
 disease, such as cancer, may participate in Phase I studies
 that determine the maximum tolerated dose and initial safety of
 the product;

Phase II studies are conducted in limited numbers of
 subjects with the disease or condition to be treated and are
 aimed at determining the most effective dose and schedule of
 administration, evaluating both safety and whether the product
 demonstrates therapeutic effectiveness against the
 disease; and

Phase III studies involve large, well-controlled
 investigations in diseased subjects and are aimed at verifying
 the safety and effectiveness of the drug.

Data from all clinical studies, as well as all nonclinical
 studies and evidence of product quality, typically are submitted
 to the FDA in an NDA. Although the FDA s requirements for
 clinical trials are well established and we believe that we have
 planned and conducted our clinical trials in accordance with the
 FDA s applicable regulations and guidelines, these
 requirements, including requirements relating to testing the
 safety of drug candidates, may be subject to change as a result
 of recent announcements regarding safety problems with approved
 drugs. Additionally, we could be required to conduct additional
 trials beyond what we had planned due to the FDA s safety
 and/or 
 efficacy concerns or due to differing interpretations of the
 meaning of our clinical data. (See Item 1A, Risk
 Factors. 

The FDA s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research
 CDER must approve a new drug application for a
 drug before it may be marketed in the U.S. If we begin to
 market our proposed products for commercial sale in the U.S.,
 any manufacturing operations that may be established in or
 outside the U.S. will also be subject to rigorous
 regulation, including compliance with current good manufacturing
 practices. We also may be subject to regulation under the
 Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Environmental Protection
 Act, the Toxic Substance Control Act, the Export Control Act and
 other present and future laws of general application. In
 addition, the handling, care and use of laboratory mice,
 including the hu-PBL-SCID mice and rats, are subject to the
 Guidelines for the Humane Use and Care of Laboratory Animals
 published by the National Institutes of Health.

Regulatory obligations continue post-approval, and include the
 reporting of adverse events when a drug is utilized in the
 broader commercial population. Promotion and marketing of drugs
 is also strictly regulated, with penalties imposed for
 violations of FDA regulations, the Lanham Act (trademark
 statute), and other federal and state laws, including the
 federal anti-kickback statute. We currently intend to continue
 to seek, directly or through our partners, approval to market
 our products and product candidates in foreign countries, which
 may have regulatory processes that differ materially from those
 of the FDA. We anticipate that we will rely upon pharmaceutical
 or biotechnology companies to license our proposed products or
 independent consultants to seek approvals to market our proposed
 products in foreign countries. We cannot assure you that
 approvals to market any of our proposed products can be obtained
 in any country. Approval to market a product in any one foreign
 country does not necessarily indicate that approval can be
 obtained in other countries.

Product
 Liability Insurance 

We maintain product liability insurance on our products and
 clinical trials that provides coverage in the amount of
 10 million per incident and 10 million in the
 aggregate.

9

Table of Contents 

Executive
 Officers of the Registrant 

Information concerning our executive officers, including their
 names, ages and certain biographical information, can be found
 in Part III, Item 10 under the caption,
 Executive Officers of the Registrant. This
 information is incorporated by reference into Part I of
 this report.

Human
 Resources 

As of December 5, 2006, we employed 150 persons, including
 57 engaged in research and development activities, including
 drug discovery, medicinal chemistry, clinical development, and
 regulatory affairs, and 93 in selling, general and
 administrative functions such as sales, marketing, human
 resources, finance, accounting, purchasing and investor
 relations. Our staff includes 17 employees with Ph.D. or M.D.
 degrees. None of our employees are unionized and we believe that
 our relationship with our employees is good.

Item 1A. 

Risk
 Factors 

Risks
 Relating to Our Business 

The FDA will likely require additional data for the approval
 of Zenvia. The additional data requirements may necessitate new
 clinical trials, which are likely to be costly and cause a
 significant delay in any approval decision for Zenvia.
 Additionally, there can be no assurance that the FDA will
 approve Zenvia. 

On October 30, 2006, we received an approvable
 letter from the FDA for our new drug application
 NDA submission for Zenvia for IEED/PBA. The
 approvable letter outlined concerns that the FDA has regarding
 certain efficacy and safety data contained in our NDA
 submission, which may require additional clinical data in order
 to obtain marketing approval. The FDA expressed concerns about
 safety in the use of dextromethorphan and quinidine sulfate, the
 active pharmaceutical ingredients in Zenvia. Quinidine sulfate
 presents well known cardiac risks for ventricular arrhythmias.
 The FDA has expressed concerns regarding these potential cardiac
 risks, as well as CYP2D6 and CYP3A4 inhibition, and dosing,
 particularly in the PBA/IEED patient population. Additionally,
 the FDA has expressed concerns regarding side effects associated
 with dextromethorphan, including respiratory depression, nausea
 and dizziness, in the PBA/IEED patient population, which may be
 particularly susceptible to these side effects. We will need to
 discuss with the FDA what additional safety data
 and/or 
 labeling restrictions may be required to address these concerns.

The approvable letter did not specify the exact data and what
 additional clinical trials may be needed, if any, for marketing
 approval. Until we are able to meet with the FDA, we do not know
 how extensive any additional data requirements may be and what
 the resulting delays or costs would be. However, we believe that
 it is quite possible that the FDA s requirements for
 additional data may be substantial and that we may be required
 to undertake additional clinical trials that would be costly and
 time consuming. Because our patents covering Zenvia expire at
 various times from 2011 through 2019 (without accounting for
 potential extensions that might be available), any substantial
 delays in regulatory approval would negatively affect the
 commercial potential for Zenvia. Depending on the extent of the
 additional trials required, we may elect to discontinue the
 development of Zenvia. Any such action could significantly
 diminish our long-term commercial prospects.

Additionally, even if Zenvia is approved for PBA/IEED, it may
 not be approved with the labeling claims or for the patient
 population that we consider most desirable for the promotion of
 the product. Less desirable labeling claims could adversely
 affect the commercial potential for the product and could also
 affect our long-term prospects.

We have limited capital resources and will need to raise
 additional funds to support our operations. 

We have experienced significant operating losses in funding the
 research, development and clinical testing of our drug
 candidates, accumulating operating losses totaling
 217.6 million as of September 30, 2006, and we expect
 to continue to incur substantial operating losses for the
 foreseeable future. As of September 30, 2006, we had
 approximately 23.9 million in cash and cash equivalents
 and unrestricted investments in securities and we do not expect
 to generate positive net cash flows from FazaClo sales unless we
 can significantly reduce marketing expenses
 and/or 
 increase sales. Although we raised approximately
 15 million in a financing completed in the first

10

Table of Contents 

quarter of fiscal 2007, we will need to raise significant
 amounts of additional capital to finance our ongoing operations.
 Because we do not yet know the extent of the additional clinical
 development efforts that may be required by the FDA to allow us
 to resubmit our NDA for Zenvia, it is difficult to estimate our
 projected capital needs. If the FDA requires substantial
 additional clinical data, our capital requirements would be
 significant and we may have difficulty financing the continued
 development of Zenvia
 and/or our
 other product candidates.

We may seek to raise additional capital at any time and may do
 so through various financing alternatives, including licensing
 or sales of our technologies and drug candidates, selling shares
 of common or preferred stock, or through the issuance of one or
 more forms of senior or subordinated debt. Each of these
 financing alternatives carries certain risks. Raising capital
 through the issuance of common stock may depress the market
 price of our stock and any such financing will dilute our
 existing shareholders. If we instead seek to raise capital
 through licensing transactions or sales of one or more of our
 technologies or drug candidates, as we have with our RCT and MIF
 technologies, then we will likely need to share a significant
 portion of future revenues from these drug candidates with our
 licensees. Additionally, the development of any drug candidates
 licensed or sold to third parties will no longer be in our
 control and thus we may not realize the full value of any such
 relationships.

If we are unable to raise additional capital to fund future
 operations, then we may be unable to execute our
 commercialization plans for FazaClo or our development plans for
 Zenvia and may be required to reduce operations or defer or
 abandon one or more of our clinical or pre-clinical research
 programs.

The FDA s safety concerns regarding Zenvia for the
 treatment of PBA/IEED may extend to other clinical indications
 that we are pursuing, including diabetic neuropathic pain. 

The FDA raised certain safety concerns and questions regarding
 Zenvia for the treatment of PBA/IEED. We are currently
 developing Zenvia for the treatment of other clinical
 indications, including neuropathic pain, for which we have an
 ongoing Phase III trial. Although the FDA has not stated
 that the safety concerns and questions raised in PBA/IEED
 indication would apply to our ongoing trials in neuropathic
 pain, it is possible that the FDA will raise similar concerns
 for this proposed indication. If the FDA does raise these
 concerns, we may be required to undertake additional
 non-clinical
 and/or 
 clinical trials before we can submit an NDA for neuropathic
 pain. These additional trials may be costly and may delay our
 planned submission of an NDA for this indication.

There are a number of difficulties and risks associated with
 clinical trials and our trials may not yield the expected
 results. 

Our success will partially depend on the success of our
 currently ongoing clinical trials and subsequent clinical trials
 that have not yet begun. It may take several years to complete
 the clinical trials of a product, and a failure of one or more
 of our clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. We
 believe that the development of each of our product candidates
 involves significant risks at each stage of testing. If clinical
 trial difficulties and failures arise, our product candidates
 may never be approved for sale or become commercially viable.

There are a number of difficulties and risks associated with
 clinical trials. For instance, we may discover that a product
 candidate does not exhibit the expected therapeutic results in
 humans, may cause harmful side effects or have other unexpected
 characteristics that may delay or preclude regulatory approval
 or limit commercial use if approved.

In addition, the possibility exists that:

the results from early clinical trials may not be statistically
 significant or predictive of results that will be obtained from
 expanded, advanced clinical trials;

institutional review boards or regulators, including the FDA,
 may hold, suspend or terminate our clinical research or the
 clinical trials of our product candidates for various reasons,
 including noncompliance with regulatory requirements or if, in
 their opinion, the participating subjects are being exposed to
 unacceptable health risks;

subjects may drop out of our clinical trials;

our preclinical studies or clinical trials may produce negative,
 inconsistent or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or
 regulators may require us, to conduct additional preclinical
 studies or clinical trials; and

the cost of our clinical trials may be greater than we currently
 anticipate.

11

Table of Contents 

It is possible that earlier clinical and pre-clinical trial
 results may not be predictive of the results of subsequent
 clinical trials. If earlier clinical
 and/or 
 pre-clinical trial results cannot be replicated or are
 inconsistent with subsequent results, our development programs
 may be cancelled or deferred. In addition, the results of these
 prior clinical trials may not be acceptable to the FDA or
 similar foreign regulatory authorities because the data may be
 incomplete, outdated or not otherwise acceptable for inclusion
 in our submissions for regulatory approval.

Additionally, the FDA has substantial discretion in the approval
 process and may reject our data or disagree with our
 interpretations of regulations or our clinical trial data or ask
 for additional information at any time during their review. For
 example, there are various statistical methods that can be used
 to analyze clinical trial data. In the FDA s approvable
 letter for Zenvia, the FDA expressed disagreement with one of
 the statistical methods we used to analyze certain efficacy data
 contained in our NDA submission. In addition, although we
 concluded that the safety data from our definitive QT safety
 study of quinidine sulfate suggested that cardiac risks were
 within an acceptable range, the FDA has expressed concern about
 these potential risks in the PBA/IEED patient population and has
 asked us to address these concerns.

Although we intend to respond to these concerns, we may not be
 able to resolve these disagreements favorably, if at all.
 Disputes that are not resolved favorably could result in one or
 more of the following:

delays in our ability to submit an NDA;

the refusal by the FDA to file any NDA we may submit;

requests for additional studies or data;

delays of an approval; or

the rejection of an application.

If we do not receive regulatory approval to sell our product
 candidates or cannot successfully commercialize our product
 candidates, we would not be able to grow revenues in future
 periods, which would result in significant harm to our financial
 position and adversely impact our stock price.

If our clinical trials for our product candidates are
 delayed, we would be unable to commercialize our product
 candidates on a timely basis, which would materially harm our
 business. 

Clinical trials may not begin on time or may need to be
 restructured after they have begun. Clinical trials can be
 delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays related to:

obtaining an effective investigational new drug application, or
 IND, or regulatory approval to commence a clinical trial;

identifying and engaging a sufficient number of clinical trial
 sites;

negotiating acceptable clinical trial agreement terms with
 prospective trial sites;

obtaining institutional review board approval to conduct a
 clinical trial at a prospective site;

recruiting qualified subjects to participate in clinical trials;

competition in recruiting clinical investigators;

shortage or lack of availability of supplies of drugs for
 clinical trials;

the need to repeat clinical trials as a result of inconclusive
 results or poorly executed testing;

the placement of a clinical hold on a study;

the failure of third parties conducting and overseeing the
 operations of our clinical trials to perform their contractual
 or regulatory obligations in a timely fashion; and

exposure of clinical trial subjects to unexpected and
 unacceptable health risks or noncompliance with regulatory
 requirements, which may result in suspension of the trial.

12

Table of Contents 

If we experience significant delays in or termination of
 clinical trials, our financial results and the commercial
 prospects for our product candidates or any other products that
 we may develop will be adversely impacted. In addition, our
 product development costs would increase and our ability to
 generate revenue could be impaired.

If we fail to comply with regulatory requirements, regulatory
 agencies may take action against us, which could significantly
 harm our business. 

Our marketed products, along with the manufacturing processes,
 post-approval clinical data, labeling, advertising and
 promotional activities for these products, are subject to
 continual requirements and review by the FDA and other
 regulatory bodies. With respect to our product candidates being
 developed, even if regulatory approval of a product is granted,
 the approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses
 for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of
 approval or contain requirements for costly post-marketing
 testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of
 the product.

In addition, regulatory authorities subject a marketed product,
 its manufacturer and the manufacturing facilities to continual
 review and periodic inspections. We will be subject to ongoing
 FDA requirements, including required submissions of safety and
 other post-market information and reports, registration
 requirements, cGMP regulations, requirements regarding the
 distribution of samples to physicians and recordkeeping
 requirements. The cGMP regulations include requirements relating
 to quality control and quality assurance, as well as the
 corresponding maintenance of records and documentation. We rely
 on the compliance by our contract manufacturers with cGMP
 regulations and other regulatory requirements relating to the
 manufacture of products. We are also subject to state laws and
 registration requirements covering the distribution of our
 products. Regulatory agencies may change existing requirements
 or adopt new requirements or policies. We may be slow to adapt
 or may not be able to adapt to these changes or new
 requirements. Because many of our products contain ingredients
 that also are marketed in
 over-the-counter 
 drug products, there is a risk that the FDA or an outside third
 party at some point would propose that our products be
 distributed
 over-the-counter 
 rather than by prescription potentially affecting third-party
 and government reimbursement for our products.

Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our
 products, manufacturing processes or failure to comply with
 regulatory requirements, may result in any of the following:

restrictions on our products or manufacturing processes;

warning letters;

withdrawal of the products from the market;

voluntary or mandatory recall;

fines;

suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals;

suspension or termination of any of our ongoing clinical trials;

refusal to permit the import or export of our products;

refusal to approve pending applications or supplements to
 approved applications that we submit;

product seizure; and

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties.

We have only limited sales and marketing experience and
 capabilities. 

Prior to our acquisition of Alamo Pharmaceuticals in May 2006,
 we had never directly marketed or sold any pharmaceutical
 products. In order to successfully market FazaClo, we will need
 to maintain an adequate and skilled sales force and sales and
 marketing management to effectively oversee this sales force. If
 FazaClo is not successfully relaunched, its longer-term
 commercial prospects could be significantly diminished.

We are dependent on a small number of physicians for a
 substantial percentage of FazaClo sales. 

13

Table of Contents 

Currently, one physician practice accounts for approximately 23 
 of the total patients receiving FazaClo. While we are focusing
 on broadening the base of prescribing physicians, we are
 currently dependent on this practice to maintain our historical
 levels of FazaClo sales. If any of these physicians in this
 practice curtail or stop writing prescriptions for FazaClo, our
 FazaClo shipments could be adversely affected.

It is difficult to integrate acquired companies, products,
 technologies and personnel into our operations and our inability
 to do so could greatly lessen the value of any such
 acquisitions. 

In May 2006, we acquired Alamo Pharmaceuticals and we may make
 additional strategic acquisitions of companies, products or
 technologies in the future to complement our product pipeline or
 to implement our business strategy. If we are unable to
 successfully integrate businesses, products, technologies or
 personnel that we may acquire with our existing operations, we
 may not receive the intended benefits of such acquisitions.
 Additionally, disputes may arise following the consummation of
 acquisitions regarding representations and warranties,
 indemnities, earn-out rights and other provisions in the
 acquisition agreements. For these reasons, acquisitions may
 subject us to unanticipated liabilities or risks, disrupt our
 operations or divert management s attention from
 day-to-day 
 operations.

Changes in board and management composition that are intended
 to strengthen the board and management team could adversely
 disrupt our operations. 

We have recently made significant changes to our senior
 management team and board of directors to add to our
 pharmaceutical experience, significantly enhance our scientific
 and clinical expertise, and provide depth in managing profitable
 pharmaceutical businesses. For example, our Senior Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of
 Clinical and Medical Affairs, Vice President of Sales and Vice
 President of Human Resources have all joined the Company in the
 last fiscal year. We also recently experienced turnover in other
 management areas. We have also made significant changes to the
 composition of our board of directors and we continue to recruit
 senior-level personnel to add to our management team. These
 changes could be disruptive, and we may experience difficulties
 in attracting and integrating new members of the management team
 and in transitioning our operating activities to a commercial
 focus.

Additionally, the receipt of the Zenvia approvable letter could
 impact our future personnel needs and require that we further
 restructure our organization. Any significant disruptions as a
 result of these changes could negatively impact our operations,
 including the success of our commercialization of FazaClo and
 the development of Zenvia.

We may face challenges attracting and retaining members of
 management and other key personnel, particularly following our
 receipt of the Zenvia approvable letter. 

The industry in which we compete has a high level of employee
 mobility and aggressive recruiting of skilled personnel. This
 type of environment creates intense competition for qualified
 personnel, particularly in product research and development,
 sales and marketing and accounting and finance. Additionally, we
 have a relatively small organization and the loss of certain
 executive officers and other key employees could adversely
 affect our operations. For example, if we were to lose one or
 more of the senior members of our sales and marketing team, we
 could experience potentially significant disruptions in our
 FazaClo commercialization activities. Additionally, we recently
 moved our commercial and general and administrative operations
 from San Diego, California to Aliso Viejo, California. This
 move and having operations in multiple locations could cause us
 to lose affected personnel and any such losses could also harm
 our operations. Lastly, many members of the management team have
 recently joined after the initial filing of the NDA for Zenvia
 with the objective of launching Zenvia for IEED/PBA. Given the
 uncertainty around the commercialization opportunities for
 Zenvia following receipt of the FDA approvable letter, some of
 these employees may choose to pursue other opportunities. The
 loss of any of our key employees could adversely affect our
 business and cause significant disruption in our operations.

If we fail to obtain regulatory approval in foreign
 jurisdictions, we would not be able to market our products
 abroad, and the growth of our revenues, if any, would be
 limited. 

We may seek to have our products marketed outside the United
 States. In order to market our products in the European Union
 and many other foreign jurisdictions, we must obtain separate
 regulatory approvals and comply with numerous and varying
 regulatory requirements. The approval procedure varies among
 countries and

14

Table of Contents 

jurisdictions and can involve additional testing. The time
 required to obtain approval may differ from that required to
 obtain FDA approval. The foreign regulatory approval process may
 include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval.
 We may not obtain foreign regulatory approvals on a timely
 basis, if at all. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval
 by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions,
 and approval by one foreign regulatory authority does not ensure
 approval by regulatory authorities in other foreign countries or
 jurisdictions or by the FDA. We may not be able to file for
 regulatory approvals and may not receive necessary approvals to
 commercialize our products in any market. The failure to obtain
 these approvals could materially adversely affect our business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

We expect to rely entirely on third parties for international
 sales and marketing efforts. 

In the event that we attempt to enter into international
 markets, we expect to rely on collaborative partners to obtain
 regulatory approvals and to market and sell our product(s) in
 those markets. We have not yet entered into any collaborative
 arrangement with respect to marketing or selling Zenvia, with
 the exception of one such agreement relating to Israel. We may
 be unable to enter into any other arrangements on terms
 favorable to us, or at all, and even if we are able to enter
 into sales and marketing arrangements with collaborative
 partners, we cannot assure you that their sales and marketing
 efforts will be successful. If we are unable to enter into
 favorable collaborative arrangements with respect to marketing
 or selling FazaClo or Zenvia in international markets, or if our
 collaborators efforts are unsuccessful, our ability to
 generate revenue from international product sales will suffer.

We generally do not control the development of compounds
 licensed to third parties and, as a result, we may not realize a
 significant portion of the potential value of any such license
 arrangements. 

Under our license arrangements for our RCT and MIF compounds, we
 have no direct control over the development of these drug
 candidates and have only limited, if any, input on the direction
 of development efforts. These development efforts are ongoing by
 our licensing partners and if the results of their development
 efforts are negative or inconclusive, it is possible that our
 licensing partners could elect to defer or abandon further
 development of these programs. Because much of the potential
 value of these license arrangements is contingent upon the
 successful development and commercialization of the licensed
 technology, the ultimate value of these licenses will depend on
 the efforts of our licensing partners. If our licensing partners
 do not succeed in developing the licensed technology for
 whatever reason, or elect to discontinue the development of
 these programs, we may be unable to realize the potential value
 of these arrangements.

Our patents may be challenged and our patent applications may
 be denied. Either result would seriously jeopardize our ability
 to compete in the intended markets for our proposed products. 

We have invested in an extensive patent portfolio and we rely
 substantially on the protection of our intellectual property
 through our ownership or control of issued patents and patent
 applications. Such patents and patent applications cover
 FazaClo, Zenvia, docosanol 10 cream and other potential drug
 candidates that could come from our technologies such as reverse
 cholesterol transport, selective cytokine inhibitors,
 anti-inflammatory compounds and antibodies. Because of the
 competitive nature of the biopharmaceutical industry, we cannot
 assure you that:

The claims in any pending patent applications will be allowed or
 that patents will be granted;

Competitors will not develop similar or superior technologies
 independently, duplicate our technologies, or design around the
 patented aspects of our technologies;

Our technologies will not infringe on other patents or rights
 owned by others, including licenses that may not be available to
 us;

Any of our issued patents will provide us with significant
 competitive advantages; or

Challenges will not be instituted against the validity or
 enforceability of any patent that we own or, if instituted, that
 these challenges will not be successful.

Even if we successfully preserve our intellectual property
 rights, third parties, including other biotechnology or
 pharmaceutical companies, may allege that our technology
 infringes on their rights. Intellectual property litigation is
 costly, and even if we were to prevail in such a dispute, the
 cost of litigation could adversely affect our

15

Table of Contents 

business, financial condition, and results of operations.
 Litigation is also time-consuming and would divert
 management s attention and resources away from our
 operations and other activities. If we were to lose any
 litigation, in addition to any damages we would have to pay, we
 could be required to stop the infringing activity or obtain a
 license. Any required license might not be available to us on
 acceptable terms, or at all. Some licenses might be
 non-exclusive, and our competitors could have access to the same
 technology licensed to us. If we were to fail to obtain a
 required license or were unable to design around a
 competitor s patent, we would be unable to sell or continue
 to develop some of our products, which would have a material
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
 of operations.

We depend on third parties to manufacture, package and
 distribute compounds for our drugs and drug candidates. The
 failure of these third parties to perform successfully could
 harm our business. 

We have utilized, and intend to continue utilizing, third
 parties to manufacture, package and distribute FazaClo, Zenvia
 and the active pharmaceutical ingredient API for
 docosanol 10 cream and supplies for our drug candidates. We
 have no experience in manufacturing and do not have any
 manufacturing facilities. Currently, we have sole suppliers for
 the API for docosanol and Zenvia, and a sole manufacturer for
 the finished form of Zenvia. Additionally, we have a sole
 supplier for the manufacture of FazaClo. We do not have any
 long-term agreements in place with our current docosanol
 supplier or Zenvia API supplier. Any delays or difficulties in
 obtaining APIs or in manufacturing, packaging or distributing
 our products and product candidates could disrupt commercial
 sales of FazaClo and could also delay Zenvia clinical trials for
 IEED/PBA
 and/or 
 painful diabetic neuropathy. Additionally, the third parties we
 rely on for manufacturing and packaging are subject to
 regulatory review, and any regulatory compliance problems with
 these third parties could significantly delay or disrupt our
 commercialization activities.

Because we depend on clinical research centers and other
 contractors for clinical testing and for certain research and
 development activities, the results of our clinical trials and
 such research activities are, to a certain extent, beyond our
 control. 

The nature of clinical trials and our business strategy of
 outsourcing a substantial portion of our research require that
 we rely on clinical research centers and other contractors to
 assist us with research and development, clinical testing
 activities, patient enrollment and regulatory submissions to the
 FDA. As a result, our success depends partially on the success
 of these third parties in performing their responsibilities.
 Although we pre-qualify our contractors and we believe that they
 are fully capable of performing their contractual obligations,
 we cannot directly control the adequacy and timeliness of the
 resources and expertise that they apply to these activities. If
 our contractors do not perform their obligations in an adequate
 and timely manner, the pace of clinical development, regulatory
 approval and commercialization of our drug candidates could be
 significantly delayed and our prospects could be adversely
 affected.

Developing and marketing pharmaceutical products for human
 use involves product liability risks, for which we currently
 have limited insurance coverage. 

The testing, marketing and sale of pharmaceutical products
 involves the risk of product liability claims by consumers and
 other third parties. Although we maintain product liability
 insurance coverage, product liability claims can be high in the
 pharmaceutical industry and our insurance may not sufficiently
 cover our actual liabilities. Additionally, FazaClo is required
 by the FDA to carry the most severe type of warning (a
 black box warning) regarding adverse side effects,
 including the possibility of death, and other drugs of the same
 class are currently the subject of large
 class-action 
 lawsuits relating to adverse effects. If product liability
 claims were made against us, it is possible that our insurance
 carriers may deny, or attempt to deny, coverage in certain
 instances. If a lawsuit against us is successful, then the lack
 or insufficiency of insurance coverage could affect materially
 and adversely our business and financial condition. Furthermore,
 various distributors of pharmaceutical products require minimum
 product liability insurance coverage before their purchase or
 acceptance of products for distribution. Failure to satisfy
 these insurance requirements could impede our ability to achieve
 broad distribution of our proposed products and the imposition
 of higher insurance requirements could impose additional costs
 on us.

16

Table of Contents 

Risks
 Relating to Our Stock 

Our stock price has historically been volatile and we expect
 that this volatility will continue for the foreseeable
 future. 

The market price of our Class A common stock has been, and
 is likely to continue to be, highly volatile. This volatility
 can be attributed to many factors independent of our operating
 results, including the following:

Comments made by securities analysts, including changes in their
 recommendations;

Short selling activity by certain investors, including any
 failures to timely settle short sale transactions;

Announcements by us of financing transactions
 and/or 
 future sales of equity or debt securities;

Sales of our Class A common stock by our directors,
 officers, or significant shareholders;

Announcements by our competitors of clinical trial results or
 product approvals; and

Market and economic conditions.

Additionally, our stock price has been volatile as a result of
 announcements of regulatory actions and decisions relating to
 our product candidates, including Zenvia, and periodic
 variations in our operating results. We expect that our
 operating results will continue to vary from
 quarter-to-quarter, 
 particularly as we attempt to expand the marketing for FazaClo
 and begin to recognize revenue on sales. Our operating results
 and prospects may also vary depending on our partnering
 arrangements for our MIF and RCT technologies. These
 technologies have been licensed to third parties and the
 continued progress and pace of development will be dictated by
 our licensing partners, meaning that the achievement of
 development milestones is outside of our control.

Finally, our results of operations and stock price may vary due
 to acquisitions that we may make. Our acquisition of Alamo
 Pharmaceuticals in the third quarter of fiscal 2006 resulted in
 charges of approximately 8.4 million. We may acquire other
 companies or technologies, and if we do so, we will incur
 potentially significant charges in connection with such
 acquisitions and may have ongoing charges after the closing of
 any such transaction. Any such acquisitions could also be
 disruptive to our operations and may adversely affect our
 results of operations.

As a result of these factors, our stock price may continue to be
 volatile and investors may be unable to sell their shares at a
 price equal to, or above, the price paid. Additionally, any
 significant drops in our stock price, such as the one we
 experienced following the announcement of the Zenvia approvable
 letter, could give rise to shareholder lawsuits, which are
 costly and time consuming to defend against and which may
 adversely affect our ability to raise capital while the suits
 are pending, even if the suits are ultimately resolved in favor
 of the Company.

Risks
 Relating to Our Industry 

The pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive and most of
 our competitors are larger and have greater resources. As a
 result, we face significant competitive hurdles. 

The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are highly
 competitive and subject to significant and rapid technological
 change. We compete with hundreds of companies that develop and
 market products and technologies in similar areas as our
 research. For example, we expect that Zenvia will compete
 against antidepressants, atypical anti-psychotic agents and
 other agents. Additionally, FazaClo competes with Clozaril
 (clozapine), which is marketed by Novartis, as well as other
 anti-psychotic agents, including several generic anti-psychotic
 drugs.

Our competitors may have specific expertise and technologies
 that are better than ours and many of these companies, either
 alone or together with their research partners, have
 substantially greater financial resources, larger research and
 development staffs and substantially greater experience than we
 do. Accordingly, our competitors may successfully develop
 competing products. We are also competing with other companies
 and their products with respect to manufacturing efficiencies
 and marketing capabilities, areas where we have limited or no
 direct experience.

17

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved
 Staff Comments 

None.

Item 2. 

Properties 

As of September 30, 2006, we lease and occupy an aggregate
 of 65,651 square feet of space used for research and
 development, commercial and administrative operations in four
 buildings in the United States. Our headquarters and commercial
 and administrative offices are located in Aliso Viejo,
 California, where we currently occupy 11,319 square feet of
 space, and are expected to grow to approximately
 17,000 square feet by the second quarter of 2007. The Aliso
 Viejo office lease expires in June 2011. We also currently
 occupy 48,582 square feet of laboratory and office
 facilities in two buildings located in San Diego,
 California, and we sublease approximately 9,000 square feet
 in a third building in San Diego under a three-year term.
 The terms of the leases for the San Diego facilities vary
 from August 2008 (representing 27,212 square feet) to
 January 2013 (representing 30,370 square feet). We may seek
 to further reduce San Diego facilities depending on the
 outcome of our upcoming meeting with the FDA regarding Zenvia
 and depending on the progress of our development programs
 licensed to AstraZeneca and Novartis. We also are leasing
 through September 2009 5,750 square feet of office space
 located in Parsippany, New Jersey. We believe our current
 facilities in San Diego are in excess of our current needs
 and are seeking to sublease additional space.

Item 3. 

Legal
 Proceedings 

In the ordinary course of business, we may face various claims
 brought by third parties and we may, from time to time, make
 claims or take legal actions to assert our rights, including
 intellectual property rights as well as claims relating to
 employment matters and the safety or efficacy of our products.
 Any of these claims could subject us to costly litigation and,
 while we generally believe that we have adequate insurance to
 cover many different types of liabilities, our insurance
 carriers may deny coverage or our policy limits may be
 inadequate to fully satisfy any damage awards or settlements. If
 this were to happen, the payment of any such awards could have a
 material adverse effect on our operations, cash flows and
 financial position. Additionally, any such claims, whether or
 not successful, could damage our reputation and business.
 Management believes the outcome of currently pending claims and
 lawsuits will not likely have a material effect on our
 operations or financial position.

Item 4. 

Submission
 of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

There were no matters submitted to a vote of our security
 holders during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006.

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder
 Matters 

On April 11, 2006, our Class A common stock began
 trading on the NASDAQ global market under the stock symbol
 AVNR simultaneously with the discontinuation of
 trading of our stock on the American Stock Exchange. For
 approximately five years prior to April 11, 2006, our
 Class A common stock traded under the symbol
 AVN on The American Stock Exchange (the
 AMEX ). The following table sets forth the high and
 low closing sales prices for our Class A common stock in
 each of the quarters over the past two fiscal years, as quoted
 on the NASDAQ and AMEX. This historical stock price information
 has been adjusted to reflect our
 one-for-four 
 reverse stock split, which was effected on January 16, 2006.

Class A Common Stock Price 

Fiscal 2006 

Fiscal 2005 

High 

Low 

High 

Low 

First Quarter

14.12

10.00

14.08

11.20

Second Quarter

17.90

13.76

14.92

8.80

Third Quarter

15.13

5.88

12.16

8.92

Fourth Quarter

8.76

5.61

14.76

11.36

18

Table of Contents 

On December 5, 2006, the closing sales price of
 Class A Common Stock was 2.89 per share.

As of December 5, 2006, we had approximately
 28,355 shareholders, including 940 holders of record and an
 estimated 27,415 beneficial owners. We have not paid any
 dividends on our Class A common stock since our inception
 and do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock in the
 foreseeable future.

Item 6. 

Selected
 Consolidated Financial Data 

The selected consolidated financial data set forth below at
 September 30, 2006 and 2005, and for the fiscal years ended
 September 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004, are derived from our
 audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in
 this report. This information should be read in conjunction with
 those consolidated financial statements, the notes thereto, and
 with Management s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The
 selected consolidated financial data set forth below at
 September 30, 2004, 2003 and 2002, and for the years ended
 September 30, 2003 and 2002, are derived from our audited
 consolidated financial statements that are contained in reports
 previously filed with the SEC, not included herein. The
 quarterly consolidated financial data are derived from unaudited
 financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on
 Form 10-Q. 
 All share and per share information herein (including shares
 outstanding, earnings per share and warrant and stock option
 exercise prices) reflect the retrospective adjustment for a
 one-for-four 
 reverse stock split implemented in January 2006.

Summary
 Financial Information 

Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 

Statement of operations data: 

2006(1)(4) 

2005 

2004 

2003 

2002 

Total revenues

15,185,852

16,690,574

3,589,317

2,438,733

8,853,742

Loss before cumulative effect of
 change in accounting principle

(58,936,756

(30,606,564

(28,154,853

(23,236,348

(10,249,512

Cumulative effect of change in
 accounting principle

(3,616,058

Net loss

(62,552,814

(30,606,564

(28,154,853

(23,236,348

(10,249,512

Net loss attributable to common
 shareholders

(62,552,814

(30,606,564

(28,154,853

(23,264,293

(10,292,798

Basic and diluted loss per share:

Loss before cumulative effect of
 change in accounting principle

(1.92

(1.19

(1.44

(1.55

(0.70

Cumulative effect of change in
 accounting principle

(0.12

Net loss

(2.04

(1.19

(1.44

(1.55

(0.70

Net loss attributable to common
 shareholders

(2.04

(1.19

(1.44

(1.55

(0.71

Basic and diluted weighted average
 number of shares of common stock outstanding

30,634,872

25,617,432

19,486,603

14,974,034

14,551,742

Cash dividends declared per share

Pro forma amounts assuming the new
 method for patent-related costs was applied retroactively:

Net loss

(58,936,756

(31,255,373

(29,056,101

(23,786,583

(10,724,214

Net loss attributable to common
 shareholders

(58,936,756

(31,255,373

(29,056,101

(23,814,528

(10,767,500

Basic and diluted loss per share

(1.92

(1.22

(1.49

(1.59

(0.74

19

Table of Contents 

September 30, 

Balance sheet data: 

2006 

2005 

2004 

2003 

2002 

Cash and cash equivalents

4,898,214

8,620,143

13,494,083

12,198,408

8,630,547

Investments in securities

19,851,859

18,917,443

12,412,446

5,258,881

4,538,460

Total cash, cash equivalents and
 investments in securities

24,750,073

27,537,586

25,906,529

17,457,289

13,169,007

Working capital

(6,969,777

11,969,450

16,653,621

10,619,216

5,918,083

Total assets

71,462,337

41,401,990

37,403,953

29,645,257

20,332,929

Deferred revenues

23,309,325

19,158,210

21,009,115

22,742,641

233,333

Notes payable and capital lease
 obligations

25,788,310

990,594

1,107,064

Total liabilities

77,136,872

32,267,111

27,206,694

28,608,026

5,752,259

Convertible preferred stock

521,189

Shareholders (deficit) equity

(5,674,535

9,134,879

10,197,259

1,037,231

14,059,481

Fiscal Quarters Ended 

Quarterly statement of operations data for 

December 31, 

March 31, 

June 30, 

September 30, 

fiscal 2006 (Unaudited): 

2005 

2006 

2006(1) 

2006 

Total revenues

8,144,888

2,469,028

2,363,247

2,208,689

Gross margin(2)

472,921

139,827

(1,003

(424,358

Loss before cumulative effect of
 change in accounting principle

(5,599,912

(13,540,486

(17,619,218

(22,177,140

Cumulative effect of change in
 accounting principle

(3,616,058

Net loss(4)

(9,215,970

(13,540,486

(17,619,218

(22,177,140

Basic and diluted net loss per
 share(4):

Loss before cumulative effect of
 change in accounting principle

(0.20

(0.44

(0.56

(0.70

Cumulative effect of change in
 accounting principle

(0.13

Net loss

(0.32

(0.44

(0.56

(0.70

Basic and diluted weighted average
 number of shares of common stock outstanding

28,579,357

31,086,874

31,419,394

31,472,217

Fiscal Quarters Ended 

Quarterly statement of operations data for 

December 31, 

March 31, 

June 30, 

September 30, 

fiscal 2005 (Unaudited): 

2004 

2005(3) 

2005 

2005 

Total revenues

888,365

644,733

3,333,838

11,823,638

Gross margin(2)

13,771

(4,744

(103,319

(613,811

Net loss

(7,088,589

(14,050,947

(8,207,544

(1,259,484

Basic and diluted net loss per
 share

(0.30

(0.57

(0.31

(0.05

Basic and diluted weighted average
 number of shares of common stock outstanding

23,962,989

24,565,682

26,841,950

27,089,552

Pro forma amounts assuming the new
 method for patent-related costs was applied retroactively:

Net loss

(7,069,980

(14,346,117

(8,296,555

(1,542,721

Basic and diluted loss per share

(0.30

(0.58

(0.31

(0.06

20

Table of Contents 

(1) 

Includes a charge of 1.3 million in purchased IPR&D in
 connection with our acquisition of Alamo Pharmaceuticals, LLC in
 May 2006, based on purchase price allocation. See Note 4,
 Alamo Acquisition, in Notes to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements. 

(2) 

Represents product sales, research and development services
 revenue and government research grant services, net of related
 costs and amortization of acquired FazaClo product rights. 

(3) 

Includes a research and development expense of 7,225,000
 related to the acquisition of contractual rights to Zenvia. 

(4) 

In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006, we changed our method of
 accounting, effective October 1, 2005 for legal costs, all
 of which are external, associated with the application for
 patents. The 3.6 million cumulative effect of the change
 on prior years as of October 1, 2005 is included as a
 charge to net loss in fiscal 2006, retrospectively applied to
 the first quarter. The effect of the change was to increase the
 net loss by 3.5 million, or 0.12 per basic and
 diluted share, for the first quarter of fiscal 2006; 135,000,
 or 0.01 per basic and diluted share, for the second
 quarter of fiscal 2006; and 127,000, or 0.00 per basic
 and diluted share, for the third quarter for fiscal 2006. 

Item 7. 

Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations 

This annual report on
 Form 10-K 
 contains forward-looking statements concerning future events and
 performance of our company. When used in this report, the words
 intend, estimate, 
 anticipate, believe, plan, 
 goal, expect and similar expressions as
 they relate to
 Avanir are
 included to identify forward-looking statements. You should not
 rely on these forward-looking statements, because they are only
 predictions based on our current expectations and assumptions.
 Many factors could cause our actual results to differ materially
 from those indicated in these forward-looking statements. You
 should review carefully the factors identified in this report as
 set forth below and under the caption Risk Factors. 
 We disclaim any intent to update any forward-looking statements
 to reflect subsequent actual events or developments. Except as
 otherwise indicted herein, all dates referred to in this Report
 represent periods or dates fixed with reference to the calendar
 year, rather than our fiscal year ending September 30. 

Overview 

Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals is focused on developing, acquiring and
 commercializing novel therapeutic products for the treatment of
 chronic diseases. Our products and product candidates address
 therapeutic markets that include the central nervous system,
 cardiovascular disorders, inflammatory and infectious diseases.

The following is a summary of developments in fiscal 2006 and
 subsequent to the end of fiscal 2006 through the date of this
 filing:

On October 30, 2006, we received an approvable
 letter from the FDA for our NDA submission for Zenvia for
 the treatment of IEED/PBA. An approvable letter is an official
 notification from the FDA that certain additional conditions
 must be satisfied prior to obtaining U.S. marketing
 approval for a new drug. The approvable letter that we received
 from the FDA outlined concerns that the agency has regarding the
 efficacy and safety data contained in our NDA submission, which
 may require additional clinical trials and data in order to
 obtain marketing approval. The principal questions
 and/or 
 concerns raised in the approvable letter related to the
 following: (i) the choice of statistical methods used to
 analyze a secondary endpoint in the ALS trial and whether the
 requirements of the combination drug policy have been met and
 (ii) safety concerns relating to Zenvia s active
 ingredients, dextromethorphan and quinidine sulfate,
 particularly for the patient population that would be prescribed
 Zenvia.

Because the approvable letter did not specify the exact data and
 what additional clinical trials may be required, if any, we have
 scheduled a meeting with the FDA in the first quarter of 2007 to
 clarify what would be needed for marketing approval. Until we
 meet with the FDA, we will not know how extensive any required
 additional data
 and/or 
 trials are likely to be. However, we believe that it is likely
 that the FDA s requirements for additional data may be
 substantial and that we may be required to undertake additional

21

Table of Contents 

trials that would be costly and time consuming. Accordingly, we
 cannot be certain that, once we have met with the FDA, we will
 continue the development of Zenvia as previously planned.

Following receipt of the approvable letter from the FDA for
 Zenvia, we took several steps intended to significantly reduce
 on-going operating expenses. In November 2006, we suspended all
 commercial initiatives focused on Zenvia for the treatment of
 IEED and have reduced research and development expenses
 including placing on hold activities associated with
 AVP-13358, 
 our program targeting selective cytokine inhibitor.

In May 2006, we acquired Alamo Pharmaceuticals, LLC
 Alamo as a wholly-owned subsidiary. As part of the
 acquisition, we acquired FazaClo, the only orally-disintegrating
 formulation of clozapine for the management of treatment
 resistant schizophrenia and reduction in the risk of recurrent
 suicidal behavior in schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorders.
 Because the acquisition occurred in the third quarter of fiscal
 2006, the full year impact on operating expenses and interest
 expense associated with the acquisition will not be reflected
 until fiscal 2007. See Note 4, Alamo
 Acquisition, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further discussion.

In July 2006, we entered into an exclusive agreement with
 Healthcare Brands International HBI to develop and
 market our docosanol 10 cream as a treatment for cold sores in
 the European Union, (with the exception of Denmark, Finland,
 Greece, Italy, and Sweden, all of which are covered by previous
 license grants from us) Russia and Ukraine. In connection with
 the agreement we received an upfront fee of 750,000
 (U.S. 1.4 million) in July 2006, plus we will be
 eligible to receive aggregate payments of up to 1,500,000
 (approximately 2.8 million, based on the exchange rate on
 September 30, 2006) if 10 docosanol cream receives
 certain regulatory approvals in the licensed territory.
 Additionally, if there is any subsequent divestiture or
 sublicense of 10 docosanol cream by HBI (including through a
 sale of HBI), or any initial public offering of HBI s
 securities, we will receive a payment calculated based on a
 percentage of the assigned value of 10 docosanol cream to the
 overall value of the transaction. HBI will be responsible for
 all expenses related to the regulatory approval and
 commercialization of 10 docosanol cream in the territory.

In June 2006, we were notified that we had been awarded a
 2.0 million research grant from the National Institutes of
 Health/National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease
 NIH for ongoing research and development related
 to our fully human monoclonal antibody for the treatment of
 post-exposure anthrax infection (the Anthrax
 Antibody ). Under the terms of the grant, the NIH will
 reimburse us for up to 2.0 million in certain expenses
 (including expenses incurred in the 90 days preceding the
 grant award date) related to the establishment of a cGMP
 manufacturing process and the testing of efficacy of the Anthrax
 Antibody in non-human primate animal models.

In May 2006, our Board of Directors authorized a space
 restructuring plan and the relocation of our commercial and
 general and administrative operations. We currently occupy three
 laboratory buildings in San Diego, California. We are in
 the process of relocating all operations other than research and
 development to Orange County, California. We have subleased one
 of the San Diego buildings in September 2006 under a
 three-year sublease and plan to sublease the other
 San Diego building after our relocation is complete. Also
 in May 2006, we entered into a five-year lease for the new
 Orange County offices, and currently occupy approximately
 11,319 square feet of office space, which we expect will
 increase to 17,000 square feet in the second quarter of
 2007. The aggregate minimum payments over the initial term of
 the lease are expected to be approximately 2.8 million.

On April 3, 2006, The NASDAQ Stock Market approved our
 application for listing our common stock for trading on the
 NASDAQ Global Market (formerly the NASDAQ National Market
 System). On April 11, 2006, our stock began trading on the
 NASDAQ under the stock symbol AVNR simultaneously
 with the discontinuation of trading on the American Stock
 Exchange. On January 17, 2006, we implemented a
 one-for-four 
 reverse stock split of our common stock. Authorization to
 implement the reverse stock split had been previously approved
 on March 17, 2005 by our shareholders at our annual meeting
 of shareholders. Our common stock began trading on the American
 Stock Exchange on a split-adjusted basis on January 18,
 2006.

22

Table of Contents 

All share and per share information herein (including shares
 outstanding, earnings per share and warrant and stock option
 exercise prices) reflect the retrospective adjustment for the
 reverse stock split.

In January 2006, we signed an exclusive license agreement with
 Kobayashi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Kobayashi giving Kobayashi the rights to manufacture and sell docosanol
 10 cream as a treatment for cold sores in Japan.

We have historically sought to maintain flexibility in our cost
 structure by actively managing several outsourced functions,
 such as clinical trials, legal counsel, documentation and
 testing of internal controls, pre-clinical development work, and
 manufacturing, warehousing and distribution services, rather
 than maintaining all of these functions in house. We believe the
 benefits of outsourcing, including being flexible and being able
 to rapidly respond to program delays or successes far outweigh
 the higher costs often associated with outsourcing at this stage
 of our development. Assuming successful growth of FazaClo sales
 and if Zenvia is successfully developed or other products are
 acquired, we expect more of these functions may be brought
 in-house.

We intend to continue to seek partnerships with pharmaceutical
 companies to help fund research and development programs in
 exchange for sharing in the rights to commercialize new drugs.
 Additionally, we may acquire other drugs to leverage the current
 infrastructure and sales organization being used for the
 marketing and sales of FazaClo. We are unable to determine if
 and when we might be able to reach profitability until we know
 the outcome of future discussions with the FDA regarding Zenvia.
 Trends in revenues and various types of expenses are discussed
 further in the Results of Operations. 

We will need to raise additional capital and we will need to
 raise a significant amount of additional capital if we continue
 to develop Zenvia for IEED/PBA and for painful diabetic
 neuropathy. We may seek to raise this additional capital at any
 time through various financing alternatives, including licensing
 or sales of our technologies and drug candidates, selling shares
 of common or preferred stock, or through the issuance of one or
 more forms of senior or subordinated debt. Our future capital
 needs will also depend substantially on our ability to reach
 predetermined milestones under our existing collaboration
 agreements, as well as the economic terms and the timing of any
 new partnerships or collaborative arrangements with
 pharmaceutical companies under which we would expect our
 partners to fund the costs of such activities. If we are unable
 to raise capital as needed to fund our operations, or if we are
 unable to reach these milestones or enter into any such
 collaborative arrangements, then we may need to slow the rate of
 development of some of our programs or sell the rights to one or
 more of our drug candidates.

Critical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and
 results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial
 statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of
 these financial statements requires us to make a number of
 assumptions and estimates that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and
 liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
 reported periods. These items are monitored and analyzed by
 management for changes in facts and circumstances, and material
 changes in these estimates could occur in the future. Changes in
 estimates are recorded in the period in which they become known.
 We base our estimates on historical experience and various other
 assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the
 circumstances. Actual results may differ from our estimates if
 past experience or other assumptions do not turn out to be
 substantially accurate.

We believe that the application of our accounting policies for
 purchase price allocations in business combinations, share-based
 compensation expense, revenue recognition, expenses in
 outsourced contracts, research and development expenses and
 valuation of long-lived and intangible assets, all of which are
 important to our financial position and results of operations,
 require significant judgments and estimates on the part of
 management.

Purchase
 Price Allocation in Business Combinations 

The allocation of purchase price for business combinations
 requires extensive use of accounting estimates and judgments to
 allocate the purchase price to the identifiable tangible and
 intangible assets acquired, including in-process research and
 development, and liabilities assumed based on their respective
 fair values. In fiscal 2006, we

23

Table of Contents 

completed the acquisition of Alamo Pharmaceuticals LLC. See
 Note 4 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,
 Alamo Acquisition, for a detailed discussion.

Share-based
 compensation expense 

We grant options to purchase our common stock to our employees,
 directors and consultants under our stock option plans. The
 benefits provided under these plans are share-based payments
 subject to the provisions of revised Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 123, Share-Based
 Payment FAS 123R ). Effective
 October 1, 2005, we adopted FAS 123R, including the
 provisions of the SEC s Staff Accounting
 Bulletin No. 107 SAB 107 ), and use
 the fair value method to account for share-based payments with a
 modified prospective application which provides for certain
 changes to the method for valuing share-based compensation. The
 valuation provisions of FAS 123R apply to new awards and to
 awards that are outstanding on the effective date and
 subsequently modified or cancelled. Under the modified
 prospective application, prior periods are not revised for
 comparative purposes. Total compensation cost for our
 share-based payments recognized in fiscal 2006 was
 3.1 million, including 2.5 million related to
 selling, general and administrative expense and 606,000 related
 to research and development.

The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of
 grant using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model
 Black-Scholes model that uses assumptions
 regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These
 variables include, but are not limited to, our expected stock
 price volatility, actual and projected employee stock option
 exercise behaviors, risk-free interest rate and expected
 dividends. Expected volatilities are based on historical
 volatility of our common stock and other factors. The expected
 terms of options granted are based on analyses of historical
 employee termination rates and option exercises. The risk-free
 interest rates are based on the U.S. Treasury yield in
 effect at the time of the grant. Since we do not expect to pay
 dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, we
 estimated the dividend yield to be 0 . FAS 123R requires
 forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if
 necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ
 from those estimates. We estimate pre-vesting forfeitures based
 on our historical experience.

If factors change and we employ different assumptions in the
 application of FAS 123R in future periods, the compensation
 expense that we record under FAS 123R may differ
 significantly from what we have recorded in the current period.
 There is a high degree of subjectivity involved when using
 option pricing models to estimate share-based compensation under
 FAS 123R. Because changes in the subjective input
 assumptions can materially affect our estimates of fair values
 of our share-based compensation, in our opinion, existing
 valuation models, including the Black-Scholes and lattice
 binomial models, may not provide reliable measures of the fair
 values of our share-based compensation. Consequently, there is a
 risk that our estimates of the fair values of our share-based
 compensation awards on the grant dates may bear little
 resemblance to the actual values realized upon the exercise,
 early termination or forfeiture of those share-based payments in
 the future. Certain share-based payments, such as employee stock
 options, may expire worthless or otherwise result in zero
 intrinsic value as compared to the fair values originally
 estimated on the grant date and reported in our financial
 statements. Alternatively, values may be realized from these
 instruments that are significantly in excess of the fair values
 originally estimated on the grant date and reported in our
 financial statements. There is no current market-based mechanism
 or other practical application to verify the reliability and
 accuracy of the estimates stemming from these valuation models,
 nor is there a means to compare and adjust the estimates to
 actual values. Although the fair value of employee share-based
 awards is determined in accordance with FAS 123R and
 SAB 107 using an option-pricing model, the value derived
 from that model may not be indicative of the fair value observed
 in a willing buyer/willing seller market transaction.

The guidance in FAS 123R and SAB 107 is relatively
 new, and best practices are not well established. The
 application of these principles may be subject to further
 interpretation and refinement over time. There are significant
 differences among valuation models, and there is a possibility
 that we will adopt different valuation models in the future.
 This may result in a lack of consistency in future periods and
 materially affect the fair value estimate of share-based
 payments. It may also result in a lack of comparability with
 other companies that use different models, methods and
 assumptions.

Theoretical valuation models and market-based methods are
 evolving and may result in lower or higher fair value estimates
 for share-based compensation. The timing, readiness, adoption,
 general acceptance, reliability and

24

Table of Contents 

testing of these methods is uncertain. Sophisticated
 mathematical models may require voluminous historical
 information, modeling expertise, financial analyses, correlation
 analyses, integrated software and databases, consulting fees,
 customization and testing for adequacy of internal controls.
 Market-based methods are emerging that, if employed by us, may
 dilute our earnings per share and involve significant
 transaction fees and ongoing administrative expenses. The
 uncertainties and costs of these extensive valuation efforts may
 outweigh the benefits to investors.

For purpose of estimating the fair value of stock options
 granted during fiscal 2006 using the Black-Scholes model, we
 have made an estimate regarding our stock price volatility
 (weighted average of 78.4 ). If our stock price volatility
 assumption were increased to 88.7 , the weighted average
 estimated fair value per share of stock options granted during
 fiscal 2006 would increase by 0.74, or 11 . The volatility
 percentage assumed in fiscal 2006 was based on the historical
 prices of our common stock.

The expected term of options granted is based on our analyses of
 historical employee terminations and option exercises (weighted
 average of 4.5 years for fiscal 2006) which, if
 increased to 5.5 years, would increase the weighted average
 estimated fair value per share of stock options granted during
 fiscal 2006 by 0.73 or 11 .

The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury
 yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the
 option in effect at the time of grant (weighted average of 4.5 
 for fiscal 2006) which, if increased to 5.4 , would
 increase the weighted average estimated fair value per share of
 stock options granted during fiscal 2006 by 0.26, or 4 .

The pre-vesting forfeiture rate is estimated using historical
 option cancellation information (weighted average of 8.0 for
 both officers and directors and 13.0 for employees for fiscal
 2006) which, if decreased to 3.0 for officers and
 directors and 8.0 for employees, would increase the share-based
 compensation expense for fiscal 2006 by 207,000, or 7 . See
 Note 3, Significant Accounting Policies 
 Change in Accounting Method for Share-Based Compensation, 
 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a detailed
 discussion.

Revenue
 Recognition 

General. We recognize revenue in accordance
 with the SEC s Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 13
 Topic 13 ), Revenue Recognition. 
 Revenue is recognized when all of the following criteria are
 met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists;
 (2) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered;
 (3) the seller s price to the buyer is fixed and
 determinable; and (4) collectibility is reasonably assured.

Certain product sales are subject to rights of return. For these
 products, our revenue recognition policy is consistent with the
 requirements of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 48, Revenue Recognition When Right of Return
 Exists FAS 48 ).
 FAS 48 states that revenue from sales transactions
 where the buyer has the right to return the product shall be
 recognized at the time of sale only if several criteria are met,
 including that the seller be able to reasonably estimate future
 returns.

Certain revenue transactions include multiple deliverables. We
 allocate revenue to separate elements in multiple element
 arrangements based on the guidance in Emerging Issues Task Force
 No. 00-21 
 EITF
 00-21 ), 
 Accounting for Revenue Arrangements with Multiple
 Deliverables. Revenue is allocated to a delivered
 product or service when all of the following criteria are met:
 (1) the delivered item has value to the customer on a
 standalone basis; (2) there is objective and reliable
 evidence of the fair value of the undelivered item; and
 (3) if the arrangement includes a general right of return
 relative to the delivered item, delivery, or performance of the
 undelivered item is considered probable and substantially in our
 control. We use the relative fair values of the separate
 deliverables to allocate revenue.

Revenue Arrangements with Multiple
 Deliverables. We have revenue arrangements
 whereby we deliver to the customer multiple products
 and/or 
 services. Such arrangements have generally included some
 combination of the following: antibody generation services;
 licensed rights to technology, patented products, compounds,
 data and other intellectual property; and research and
 development services. In accordance with EITF
 00-21, we
 analyze our multiple element arrangements to determine whether
 the elements can be separated. We perform our analysis at the

25

Table of Contents 

inception of the arrangement and as each product or service is
 delivered. If a product or service is not separable, the
 combined deliverables will be accounted for as a single unit of
 accounting.

When a delivered product or service (or group of delivered
 products or services) meets the criteria for separation in EITF
 00-21, we
 allocate revenue based upon the relative fair values of each
 element. We determine the fair value of a separate deliverable
 using the price we charge other customers when we sell that
 product or service separately; however if we do not sell the
 product or service separately, we use third-party evidence of
 fair value. We consider licensed rights or technology to have
 standalone value to our customers if we or others have sold such
 rights or technology separately or our customers can sell such
 rights or technology separately without the need for our
 continuing involvement.

License Arrangements. License arrangements may
 consist of non-refundable upfront license fees, data transfer
 fees, or research reimbursement payments
 and/or 
 exclusive licensed rights to patented or patent pending
 compounds, technology access fees, various performance or sales
 milestones and future product royalty payments. Some of these
 arrangements are multiple element arrangements.

Non-refundable, up-front fees that are not contingent on any
 future performance by us, and require no consequential
 continuing involvement on our part, are recognized as revenue
 when the license term commences and the licensed data,
 technology
 and/or 
 compound is delivered. Such deliverables may include physical
 quantities of compounds, design of the compounds and
 structure-activity relationships, the conceptual framework and
 mechanism of action, and rights to the patents or patents
 pending for such compounds. We defer recognition of
 non-refundable upfront fees if we have continuing performance
 obligations without which the technology, right, product or
 service conveyed in conjunction with the non-refundable fee has
 no utility to the licensee that is separate and independent of
 our performance under the other elements of the arrangement. In
 addition, if we have continuing involvement through research and
 development services that are required because our know-how and
 expertise related to the technology is proprietary to us, or can
 only be performed by us, then such up-front fees are deferred
 and recognized over the period of continuing involvement.

Payments related to substantive, performance-based milestones in
 a research and development arrangement are recognized as revenue
 upon the achievement of the milestones as specified in the
 underlying agreements when they represent the culmination of the
 earnings process.

Research and Development Services. Revenue
 from research and development services is recognized during the
 period in which the services are performed and is based upon the
 number of full-time-equivalent personnel working on the specific
 project at the
 agreed-upon 
 rate. Reimbursements from collaborative partners for agreed upon
 direct costs including direct materials and outsourced, or
 subcontracted, pre-clinical studies are classified as revenue in
 accordance with EITF Issue
 No. 99-19, 
 Reporting Revenue Gross as a Principal versus Net as an
 Agent, and recognized in the period the reimbursable
 expenses are incurred. Payments received in advance are recorded
 as deferred revenue until the research and development services
 are performed or costs are incurred.

Royalty Revenues. We recognize royalty
 revenues from licensed products when earned in accordance with
 the terms of the license agreements. Net sales figures used for
 calculating royalties include deductions for costs of unsaleable
 returns, managed care chargebacks, cash discounts, freight and
 warehousing, and miscellaneous write-offs.

Revenues from Sale of Royalty Rights. When we
 sell our rights to future royalties under license agreements and
 also maintain continuing involvement in earning such royalties,
 we defer recognition of any upfront payments and recognize them
 as revenue over the life of the license agreement. We recognize
 revenue for the sale of an undivided interest of our abreva
 license agreement to Drug Royalty USA under the
 units-of-revenue 
 method. Under this method, the amount of deferred revenue
 to be recognized as revenue in each period is calculated by
 multiplying the following: (1) the ratio of the royalty
 payments due to Drug Royalty USA for the period to the total
 remaining royalties that we expect GlaxoSmithKline will pay Drug
 Royalty USA over the term of the agreement by (2) the
 unamortized deferred revenue amount.

Government Research Grant Revenue. We
 recognize revenues from federal research grants during the
 period in which the related expenditures are incurred.

26

Table of Contents 

Product Sales Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient
 Docosanol API Docosanol ). Revenue
 from sales of our API Docosanol is recorded when title and risk
 of loss have passed to the buyer and provided the criteria in
 SAB Topic 13 are met. We sell the API Docosanol to various
 licensees upon receipt of a written order for the materials.
 Shipments generally occur fewer than five times a year. Our
 contracts for sales of the API Docosanol include buyer
 acceptance provisions that give our buyers the right of
 replacement if the delivered product does not meet specified
 criteria. That right requires that they give us notice within
 30 days after receipt of the product. We have the option to
 refund or replace any such defective materials; however, we have
 historically demonstrated that the materials shipped from the
 same pre-inspected lot have consistently met the specified
 criteria and no buyer has rejected any of our shipments from the
 same pre-inspected lot to date. Therefore, we recognize revenue
 at the time of delivery without providing any returns reserve.

Product Sales FazaClo. As
 discussed in Note 4, Alamo Acquisition, in the
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, we acquired Alamo
 Pharmaceuticals LLC Alamo on May 24, 2006.
 Alamo has one product, FazaClo (clozapine, USP), that Alamo
 began shipping in July 2004 in 48-pill units. At that time,
 FazaClo had a two-year shelf life. In June 2005, Alamo received
 FDA approval to extend the product expiration date to three
 years. In October 2005, Alamo began to ship 96-pill units and
 accepted returns of unsold or undispensed
 48-pill units. 

FazaClo is sold primarily to third-party wholesalers that in
 turn sell this product to retail pharmacies, hospitals, and
 other dispensing organizations. Alamo has entered into
 agreements with its wholesale customers, various states,
 hospitals, certain other medical institutions and third-party
 payers throughout the United States. These agreements frequently
 contain commercial incentives, which may include favorable
 product pricing and discounts and rebates payable upon
 dispensing the product to patients. Additionally, these
 agreements customarily provide the customer with rights to
 return the product, subject to the terms of each contract.
 Consistent with industry practice, wholesale customers can
 return purchased product during an
 18-month 
 period that begins six months prior to the product s
 expiration date and ends 12 months after the expiration
 date. Additionally, some dispensing organizations, such as
 pharmacies and hospitals, have the right to return expired
 product at any time.

At the present time, we are unable to reasonably estimate future
 returns due to the lack of sufficient historical returns data
 for FazaClo. Accordingly, we currently defer recognition of
 revenue on shipments of FazaClo until the right of return no
 longer exists, i.e. when we receive evidence that the products
 have been dispensed to patients. We determine when products are
 dispensed to patients from rebate requests that have been
 submitted to us by various state agencies and others. We are not
 able to estimate how much has been dispensed until we receive
 the rebate requests. Rebate requests are generally received in
 30 to 90 days from the last day of the quarter in which the
 product was dispensed to patients. Since the date of the Alamo
 acquisition (May 24, 2006), we have recorded all rebate
 requests as a reduction of the assumed liabilities for returns
 and discounts which was recorded as part of the acquisition,
 because we believe this method reasonably estimates the matching
 of the initial shipments to the related rebate. Accordingly, no
 FazaClo revenue was recognized in fiscal year 2006.

For our FazaClo shipments, we invoice the wholesaler, record
 deferred revenue at gross invoice sales price less estimated
 cash discounts and classify the inventory shipped as inventory
 subject to return. We estimate rebates and other discounts based
 on our historical experience. Net deferred revenues represent
 the sum of all FazaClo shipments subsequent to the acquisition,
 net of estimated rebates, sales returns and chargebacks, for
 which revenue recognition criteria have not been met. Deferred
 rebates, sales returns and chargebacks are included in accrued
 expenses. Sales incentives are also deferred until the related
 product shipments are recognized as revenue. Sales incentives
 are classified as deductions from revenue in accordance with
 EITF Issue
 No. 01-09, 
 Accounting for Consideration Given by a Vendor to a
 Customer (Including a Reseller of the Vendor s
 Products). The cost of product relative to deferred
 revenue has also been deferred and is included in inventories,
 categorized as inventories subject to return.

Cost
 of Revenues 

Cost of revenues includes direct and indirect costs to
 manufacture product sold, including the write-off of obsolete
 inventory, and to provide research and development services.
 Also, classified within cost of product sales is the
 amortization of the acquired FazaClo product rights.

27

Table of Contents 

Recognition
 of Expenses in Outsourced Contracts 

Pursuant to management s assessment of the services that
 have been performed on clinical trials and other contracts, we
 recognize expenses as the services are provided. Such management
 assessments include, but are not limited to: (1) an
 evaluation by the project manager of the work that has been
 completed during the period, (2) measurement of progress
 prepared internally
 and/or 
 provided by the third-party service provider, (3) analyses
 of data that justify the progress, and
 (4) management s judgment. Several of our contracts
 extend across multiple reporting periods, including our largest
 contract, representing a 10.7 million Phase III
 clinical trial contract as of September 30, 2006. A 3 
 variance in our estimate of the work completed in our largest
 contract could increase or decrease our quarterly operating
 expenses by approximately 320,000.

Research
 and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses consist of expenses incurred
 in performing research and development activities including
 salaries and benefits, facilities and other overhead expenses,
 clinical trials, contract services and other outside expenses.
 Research and development expenses are charged to operations as
 they are incurred. Up-front payments to collaborators made in
 exchange for the avoidance of potential future milestone and
 royalty payments on licensed technology are also charged to
 research and development expense when the drug is still in the
 development stage, has not been approved by the FDA for
 commercialization and concurrently has no alternative uses.

We assess our obligations to make milestone payments that may
 become due under licensed or acquired technology to determine
 whether the payments should be expensed or capitalized. We
 charge milestone payments to research and development expense
 when:

The technology is in the early stage of development and has no
 alternative uses;

There is substantial uncertainty regarding the future success of
 the technology or product;

There will be difficulty in completing the remaining
 development; and

There is substantial cost to complete the work.

Acquired in-process research and
 development. In accordance with Statement of
 Financial Accounting Standards No. 141, Business
 Combinations FAS 141 ), we
 immediately charge the costs associated with acquired in-process
 research and development IPR to research and
 development expense upon acquisition. These amounts represent an
 estimate of the fair value of acquired IPR&D for projects
 that, as of the acquisition date, had not yet reached
 technological feasibility, had no alternative future use, and
 had uncertainty in receiving future economic benefits from the
 acquired IPR&D. We determine the future economic benefits
 from the acquired IPR&D to be uncertain until such
 technology is approved by the FDA or when other significant risk
 factors are abated. We incurred significant IPR&D expense
 related to the Alamo acquisition. See also Note 4,
 Alamo Acquisition In-Process Research and
 Development in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

Acquired contractual rights. Payments to
 acquire contractual rights to a licensed technology or drug
 candidate are expensed as incurred when there is uncertainty in
 receiving future economic benefits from the acquired contractual
 rights. We consider the future economic benefits from the
 acquired contractual rights to a drug candidate to be uncertain
 until such drug candidate is approved by the FDA or when other
 significant risk factors are abated.

Capitalization
 and Valuation of Long-Lived and Intangible Assets 

In accordance with FAS 141 and Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Other
 Intangible Assets FAS 142 ), goodwill
 and intangible assets acquired in a purchase business
 combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life are
 not amortized, but instead are tested for impairment on an
 annual basis or more frequently if certain indicators arise.
 Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price of an acquired
 business over the fair value of the underlying net tangible and
 intangible assets. The Company operates in one segment and
 goodwill is evaluated at the company level as there is only one
 reporting unit. Goodwill is evaluated in

28

Table of Contents 

the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. There was no impairment
 of goodwill for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006.
 The Company had no goodwill as of September 30, 2005.

Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized over
 their respective useful lives and reviewed for impairment in
 accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal
 of Long-Lived Assets FAS 144 .) The
 method of amortization shall reflect the pattern in which the
 economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed or
 otherwise used up. If that pattern cannot be reliably
 determined, a straight-line amortization method will be used.
 Intangible assets with finite useful lives include product
 rights, customer relationships, trade name, non-compete
 agreement and license agreement, which are being amortized over
 their estimated useful lives ranging from one to 15.5 years.

In accordance with FAS 144, intangible assets and other
 long-lived assets, except for goodwill, are evaluated for
 impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
 that their carrying value may not be recoverable. If the review
 indicates that intangible assets or long-lived assets are not
 recoverable (i.e. the carrying amount is less than the future
 projected undiscounted cash flows), their carrying amount would
 be reduced to fair value. Factors we consider important that
 could trigger an impairment review include the following:

A significant underperformance relative to expected historical
 or projected future operating results;

A significant change in the manner of our use of the acquired
 asset or the strategy for our overall business; and/or

A significant negative industry or economic trend.

Prior to October 1, 2005, intangible assets with finite
 useful lives also include capitalized external legal costs
 incurred in connection with patents and patent applications
 pending. We amortized costs of approved patents and patent
 applications pending over their estimated useful lives. For
 patents pending, we amortized the costs over the shorter of a
 period of twenty years from the date of filing the application
 or, if licensed, the term of the license agreement. For patent
 and patent applications pending and trademarks that we abandon,
 we charge the remaining unamortized accumulated costs to expense.

Change
 in Method of Accounting for Patent-related Costs 

In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006, we changed our method of
 accounting, effective October 1, 2005 for legal costs, all
 of which were external, associated with the application for
 patents. Prior to the change, we expensed as incurred all
 internal costs associated with the application for patents and
 capitalized external legal costs associated with the application
 for patents. Costs of approved patents were amortized over their
 estimated useful lives or if licensed, the terms of the license
 agreement, whichever was shorter, while costs for patents
 pending were amortized over the shorter period of twenty years
 from the date of the filing application or if licensed, the term
 of the license agreement. Amortization expense for these
 capitalized costs was classified as research and development
 expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. Under the
 new method, external legal costs are expensed as incurred and
 classified as research and development expenses in our
 consolidated statements of operations. We believe that this
 change is preferable because it will result in a consistent
 treatment for all costs, that is, under our new method both
 internal and external costs associated with the application for
 patents are expensed as incurred. In addition, the change will
 provide a better comparison with our industry peers. The
 3.6 million cumulative effect of the change on prior years
 as of October 1, 2005 is included as a charge to net loss
 in fiscal 2006, retrospectively applied to the first quarter.
 The effect of the change for the fiscal year ended
 September 30, 2006 was to increase the net loss by
 3.7 million, 3.6 million of which represents the
 cumulative effect of the change on prior years, or
 0.12 per basic and diluted share.

Pro forma amounts assuming the new method for patent-related
 costs was applied retroactively are as follows:

Fiscal 2006 

Fiscal 2005 

Fiscal 2004 

Net loss

(58,936,756

(31,255,373

(29,056,101

Basic and diluted loss per share

(1.92

(1.22

(1.49

29

Table of Contents 

Restructuring
 Expense 

We record costs and liabilities associated with exit and
 disposal activities, as defined in Statements of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 146, Accounting for Costs
 Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities 
 FAS 146 ), at fair value in the period the
 liability is incurred. In periods subsequent to initial
 measurement, changes to a liability are measured using the
 credit-adjusted risk-free rate applied in the initial period. In
 fiscal 2006, we recorded costs and liabilities for exit and
 disposal activities related to a relocation plan, including a
 decision to discontinue occupying certain leased office and
 laboratory facilities, in accordance with FAS 146. The
 liability is evaluated and adjusted as appropriate on at least a
 quarterly basis for changes in circumstances. Please refer to
 Note 5, Relocation of Commercial and General and
 Administrative Operations in the Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements for further information.

Nature of
 Operating Expenses 

Our operating expenses are influenced substantially by the
 amount of spending devoted to sales and marketing of FazaClo,
 program research funded by our partners and Zenvia clinical
 development expenses. During the past three years, we
 substantially expanded our drug development pipeline, which
 required that we allocate significant amounts of our resources
 to such programs, including increased spending on clinical
 trials as those programs advance in their development. Building
 rent, excluding common area maintenance and other executory
 costs, amounted to approximately 1.9 million in fiscal
 2006 and has scheduled rent increases averaging approximately 4 
 a year for at least the next three years.

Our business is exposed to significant risks, as discussed in
 the section entitled Risk Factors, which may result
 in additional expenses, delays and lost opportunities that could
 have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and
 financial condition.

Effects
 of Inflation 

We believe the impact of inflation and changing prices on net
 sales revenues and on operations has been minimal during the
 past three years.

Results
 of Operations 

We operate our business on the basis of a single reportable
 segment, which is the business of discovery, development and
 commercialization of novel therapeutics for chronic diseases.
 Our chief operating decision-maker is the Chief Executive
 Officer, who evaluates our company as a single operating segment.

We categorize revenues by geographic area based on selling
 location. All our operations are currently located in the United
 States; therefore, total revenues for fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004
 are attributed to the United States. All long-lived assets for
 fiscal 2006 and 2005 are located in the United States.

Comparison
 of Fiscal 2006 and 2005 

Revenues 

Revenues decreased by 1.5 million, or 9 , to
 15.2 million in fiscal 2006 from 16.7 million in
 fiscal 2005. The decrease is mainly due to a 7.6 million
 decrease in license revenues; partially offset by a
 6.2 million increase in research and development service
 revenues. License revenues in fiscal 2006 consist mainly of our
 receipt of a 5.0 million payment relating to the
 achievement of a milestone under the AstraZeneca license
 agreement. License revenues in fiscal 2005 included
 12.8 million of license fees from the AstraZeneca and
 Novartis license agreements. Research and development service
 revenues increased in fiscal 2006 as compared to the prior
 period due to the full year effect of research revenues
 generated from the AstraZeneca and Novartis license agreements
 in the current year, as opposed to our receipt of revenue for
 only a partial year in fiscal 2005.

Potential revenue-generating contracts that remained active as
 of September 30, 2006 include license agreements with
 AstraZeneca and Novartis, nine docosanol 10 cream license
 agreements and one Zenvia sublicense. AstraZeneca and Novartis
 are currently engaged in preclinical
 and/or 
 clinical development efforts of our

30

Table of Contents 

licensed RCT and MIF programs. To the extent that these
 development efforts produce negative or inconclusive results,
 our partners may terminate the development services we are
 providing, which would negatively affect revenues in future
 periods and would limit the potential financial returns from
 these licensing arrangements. Partnering, licensing and research
 collaborations have been, and will continue to be, an important
 part of our business development strategy. We may continue to
 seek partnerships with pharmaceutical companies that can help
 fund our remaining research programs in exchange for sharing in
 the rights to commercialize new drugs resulting from this
 research.

Operating
 Expenses 

Total operating expenses increased by 27.4 million, or
 57 , to 75.2 million in fiscal 2006, compared to
 47.8 million in fiscal 2005. The 57 increase in operating
 expenses was due to a 5.1 million or 178 increase in cost
 of revenues, a 3.1 million or 12 increase in research and
 development expenses and a 19.3 million or 102 increase
 in selling, general and administrative expenses. Explanations of
 operating expenses in both fiscal 2006 and fiscal 2005 are
 described more fully in the paragraphs that follow.

Operating Expenses 

Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Operating expenses:

Research and development

39

55

67

Selling, general and administrative

50

39

29

Costs of revenues

11

6

4

Total operating expenses

100

100

100

Research and development (R&D)
 expenses. R&D expenses increased to
 29.2 million in fiscal 2006 from 26.1 million in
 fiscal 2005. R&D expenses in fiscal 2006 were related to
 continuation of the open label safety study of Zenvia in the
 treatment for IEED/PBA, a Phase III clinical trial of
 Zenvia for the treatment of diabetic neuropathic pain, and a
 Phase I clinical trial of our leading compound for the
 selective cytokine inhibitor program. R&D expenses also
 included pre-clinical research related to antibody development
 programs and compounds that regulate MIF and RCT Research. The
 MIF and RCT research programs are funded by our partners. The
 increase in R&D expenses is due to a 1.3 million
 charge for in-process R&D acquired in connection with the
 Alamo acquisition, a 1.8 million increase in spending for
 the open label safety study of Zenvia for the treatment of
 IEED/PBA, a 7.6 million increase in spending for the
 Phase III clinical trial of Zenvia for the treatment of
 diabetic neuropathic pain and a 2.4 million increase in
 medical affairs. The increase is offset in part by a
 3.7 million decrease spending on the MIF and RCT research
 programs as they are fully funded by partners in fiscal 2006. In
 fiscal 2005, we incurred a one-time 7.2 million charge in
 connection with the acquisition of additional contractual rights
 to Zenvia.

31

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the status of, and costs
 attributable to, our proprietary research and clinical
 development programs.

Research
 and Development Projects and Expenses 

Inception 

Estimated 

Through 

Costs to 

Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 

September 30, 

Complete 

2006(1) 

2005(1) 

2004(1) 

2006(1)(2) 

Projects(1)(3) 

Company-funded
 Projects: 

Development programs for Zenvia
 (two), Atherosclerosis, MIF inhibitor, selective cytokine
 inhibitor and other programs projected through fiscal 2007

27,922,089

26,140,505

21,502,499

116,556,869

Unknown at 
 this time

Partner-funded
 Projects: 

Atherosclerosis and MIF inhibitor
 research programs

7,198,397

2,346,043

16,742,837

Funded by 
 Partners

Government-funded
 Projects: 

Preclinical research on various
 projects. Estimated timing to complete the current anthrax
 research project is less than 12 months

292,111

497,210

979,182

2,830,655

2.0M

Purchased in-process research
 and development (4)

1,300,000

1,300,000

0.5M

Total

36,712,597

28,983,758

22,481,681

137,430,361

(1) 

Each project includes an allocation of laboratory occupancy
 costs. M refers to millions. Estimated costs and
 timing to complete the projects are subject to the availability
 of funds and FDA requirements. For each of the projects set
 forth in the table, other than Zenvia for IEED/PBA (which we
 intend to market ourselves if fully developed), the reverse
 cholesterol transport and the MIF inhibitor programs (both of
 which we have partnered), we may seek development partners or
 licensees to defray part or all of the ongoing development costs. 

(2) 

Inception dates are on or after October 1, 1998, at which
 time we began identifying and tracking program costs. 

(3) 

We currently cannot estimate the extent of additional spending
 on Zenvia. We plan to meet with the FDA to discuss the
 approvable letter and may, at that time, be able to reasonably
 estimate additional development costs. Further development of
 the selective cytokine inhibitor is on hold. 

(4) 

See Note 4, Alamo Acquisition in the Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements. 

We expect that R&D spending for painful diabetic neuropathy
 and the selective cytokine inhibitor will decline significantly
 in fiscal 2007. Any future R&D spending on compounds that
 regulate MIF and reverse cholesterol transport enhancing
 compounds is expected to be fully reimbursed by our
 collaborative partners. We expect that spending on our antibody
 to anthrax will depend on government grants.

Status of
 R&D Programs and Plans Company-funded
 Projects 

Zenvia for the treatment of Involuntary Emotional Expression
 Disorder/Pseudobulbar Affect. As described above
 in Item 1, we received an approvable letter in
 October 2006 from the FDA for our new drug application
 NDA submission for Zenvia for the treatment of
 IEED/PBA.

Because the approvable letter did not specify the exact data and
 what additional clinical trials may be required, if any, for
 approval of Zenvia, we will not know how extensive any required
 additional data
 and/or 
 trials are likely to be until our planned meeting with the FDA
 in the first quarter of 2007. However, we believe that it is
 likely that the

32

Table of Contents 

FDA s requirements for additional data may be substantial
 and that we may be required to undertake additional trials that
 would be costly and time consuming. Accordingly, we cannot be
 certain that, once we have met with the FDA, we will continue
 the development of Zenvia as previously planned.

We have been engaged in an open-label safety study for the
 treatment of IEED/PBA in a broad pool of patients who experience
 the symptoms of IEED/PBA associated with their underlying
 neurodegenerative disease or condition. We have ceased enrolling
 new patients in this trial and, depending on the outcome of our
 meeting with the FDA, we may or may not continue with the
 open-label safety study.

Zenvia for the treatment of painful diabetic
 neuropathy. As of November 2006, we reached the
 targeted number of patients needed to assess the efficacy
 endpoint in the ongoing Zenvia Phase III painful diabetic
 neuropathy trail. The protocol for the Phase III study was
 reviewed by the FDA through a SPA. Assuming positive outcomes,
 we currently expect to use the data from this study as one of
 the pivotal Phase III clinical trials required before we
 would be able to submit an NDA for this indication. In the
 statistical plan, a total of 364 patients would be required
 to obtain 90 power with a 30 allowance for drop out. We have
 determined that it is unnecessary to enroll additional patients
 and now consider the trial fully enrolled with approximately
 380 patients. The data from the trial is currently
 anticipated in mid-2007.

Development program for selective cytokine
 inhibitor. In an effort to reduce operating
 expenses, we decided to place on hold activities associated with
 the selective cytokine inhibitor clinical development
 activities. We completed a multi-rising dose Phase Ib
 safety trial of
 AVP-13358 in
 November 2005. In 2004, we completed the first Phase Ia
 clinical trial of
 AVP-13358 in
 54 healthy volunteers. The placebo-controlled study was intended
 to assess safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics following
 single rising oral doses. Results of the Phase Ia study
 suggest
 AVP-13358 
 was well tolerated at all single rising doses up through 15
 milligrams. The study also demonstrated
 AVP-13358 
 was detectable in the bloodstream at all doses administered and
 remains in circulation long enough to allow potentially once or
 twice daily dosing.

Status of
 R&D Programs and Plans Partner-funded
 Projects 

AstraZeneca UK Limited
 AstraZeneca ). In July 2005, we
 entered into an exclusive license and research collaboration
 agreement with AstraZeneca regarding the license of certain
 compounds for the potential treatment of cardiovascular disease.
 Under the terms of the agreement, we will be eligible to receive
 royalty payments, assuming the licensed product is successfully
 developed by AstraZeneca and approved for marketing by the FDA.
 We are also eligible to receive up to 330 million in
 milestone payments contingent upon AstraZeneca s
 performance and achievement of certain development and
 regulatory milestones, which could take several years of further
 development, including achievement of certain sales targets, if
 a licensed compound is approved for marketing by the FDA.
 Pursuant to the agreement with AstraZeneca, we will also perform
 certain research activities directed and funded by AstraZeneca.
 If the results of this development program turn out to be
 negative, then it is possible that AstraZeneca could cease
 funding the program research.

Novartis International Pharmaceutical Ltd.
 Novartis ). In April 2005, we entered
 into an exclusive license and research collaboration agreement
 with Novartis regarding the license of certain compounds that
 regulate macrophage migration inhibitory factor
 MIF in the treatment of various inflammatory
 diseases. Under the terms of the agreement, we will be eligible
 to receive royalty payments, assuming the licensed product is
 successfully developed by Novartis and approved for marketing by
 the FDA. We are also eligible to receive up to 198 million
 in milestone payments contingent upon Novartis performance
 and achievement of certain development and regulatory
 milestones, including approval for certain additional
 indications, and regulatory milestones, which could take several
 years of further development by Novartis, including achievement
 of certain sales targets, if a licensed compound is approved for
 marketing by the FDA. Pursuant to the agreement with Novartis,
 we will also perform certain research activities directed and
 funded by Novartis.

Status of
 R&D Programs and Plans Government-Funded
 Projects 

Government research grants have helped us fund research
 programs, including the development of antibodies to anthrax
 toxins and docosanol-based formulations for the treatment of
 genital herpes. Subject to certain

33

Table of Contents 

conditions, we, as the awardee organization, retain the
 principal worldwide patent rights to any invention developed
 with the United States government support.

Our anthrax antibody was in preclinical development for use as a
 prophylactic and therapeutic drug to treat anthrax infections
 and was funded by a two-year 750,000 federal (SBIR) research
 grant. The grant was completed in the quarter ended
 March 31, 2006. On June 29, 2006 we were notified that
 we had been awarded a 2.0 million research grant from the
 NIH for ongoing research and development related to our anthrax
 antibody. Under the terms of the grant, the NIH will reimburse
 us for up to 2.0 million in certain expenses (including
 expenses incurred in the 90 days preceding the grant award
 date) related to the establishment of a cGMP manufacturing
 process and the testing of efficacy of the anthrax antibody.

Much of the work related to anthrax had been funded by
 government research grants, and our progress in this area will
 substantially depend on future grants. Because all of our
 monoclonal antibody research is at a very early preclinical
 stage of development and is unpredictable in terms of the
 outcome, we are unable to predict the cost and timing for
 development of any antibody or drug.

Our genital herpes project came to a formal end during the third
 quarter of fiscal 2005 and we do not anticipate that we will
 perform any further work on that project. We have no grant
 requests pending nor do we anticipate submitting in the future
 any grant requests for further research related to genital
 herpes.

Selling, general and administrative
 expenses. Our selling, general and
 administrative expenses increased to 38.1 million in
 fiscal 2006, compared to 18.8 million in fiscal 2005.
 These increased expenses primarily relate to a 6.2 million
 increase in expenses related to the expansion of our pre-launch
 activities and market research for Zenvia for the treatment of
 IEED/PBA, as well as the hiring of additional sales and
 marketing personnel; 5.7 million in expenses from
 operations of Alamo acquired in May 2006; 2.5 million in
 share-based compensation expense; 1.7 million in expenses
 from continuing medical educational grants; a 1.4 million
 increase in expenses related to increases in headcount and
 compensation levels in general and administrative areas; and a
 622,000 increase in legal fees.

Cost of revenues. Cost of revenues
 increased to 7.9 million in fiscal 2006, compared to 2.8
 million in fiscal 2005. The increase is due to 4.9 million
 increase in cost of research services funded by partners. In
 addition, cost of revenues in fiscal 2006 included amortization
 of the acquired FazaClo product rights.

Share-Based
 Compensation 

Through fiscal year 2005, we accounted for our stock plans using
 the intrinsic value method. Effective at the beginning of fiscal
 year 2006, we adopted FAS 123R and elected to adopt the
 modified prospective application method. FAS 123R requires
 us to use a fair-valued based method to account for share-based
 compensation. Accordingly, share-based compensation cost is
 measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the
 award, and is recognized as expense over the employees 
 requisite service period. Total compensation cost for our
 share-based payments in fiscal 2006 was 3.1 million,
 including 302,500 related to stock options granted in fiscal
 1999 as discussed below. Selling, general and administrative
 expense and research and development expense in fiscal 2006
 include share-based compensation of 2.5 million and
 606,000, respectively. As of September 30, 2006,
 7.2 million of total unrecognized compensation costs
 related to nonvested awards is expected to be recognized over a
 weighted average period of 2.7 years. See Note 3,
 Significant Accounting Policies Change in
 Accounting Method for Share-Based Compensation in the
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further
 discussion.

On July 28, 2006, the Public Company Accounting Oversight
 Board (PCAOB) issued Staff Audit Practice Alert No. 1
 entitled, Matters Relating to Timing and Accounting for
 Options Grants. Prompted by the PCAOB release, the
 Company and the independent audit committee of the Board of
 Directors authorized a review of the Company s historical
 stock option practices. The review was conducted with the
 assistance of an outside law firm and an outside consulting firm.

As a result of this review one exception was found in which the
 measurement date for 50,000 fully vested common stock options
 should have been November 30, 1999 instead of October 30, 1999.
 Based on this, the Company should have recorded a non-cash
 charge of 302,500 and a corresponding increase in common stock
 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2000. The Company has
 concluded that this adjustment is not material to the

34

Table of Contents 

Company s consolidated financial statements in any interim
 or annual period presented in this or any previously filed
 Form 10-K. 
 Therefore, the charge was recognized in the quarter ended
 September 30, 2006.

Based upon this review, management and the independent audit
 committee of the Board of Directors were satisfied that no
 evidence was found that indicated that the Company otherwise
 intentionally manipulated stock option grant dates or was remiss
 in communicating grants to optionees in a timely manner.
 Further, the Company s documentation and practices followed
 the intent of the Board of Directors in granting such options
 and that the methods of approval and the Company s
 practices did not provide for management discretion in selecting
 or manipulating the option grant dates.

Interest
 Income 

Interest income increased to 1.8 million in fiscal 2006,
 compared to 620,000 in fiscal 2005. The increase is primarily
 due to a 73 increase in average balance of cash, cash
 equivalents and investments in securities in fiscal 2006,
 compared to the prior year.

Cumulative
 Effect of Change in Accounting Principle 

In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006, we changed our method of
 accounting, effective October 1, 2006 for legal costs, all
 of which were external, associated with the application for
 patents. The 3.6 million cumulative effect of the change
 on prior years as of October 1, 2005 is included as a
 charge to net loss in fiscal 2006, retrospectively applied to
 the first quarter. The effect of the change for fiscal 2006 was
 to increase the net loss by 3.7 million, 3.6 million
 of which represents the cumulative effect of the change on prior
 years, or 0.12 per basic and diluted share.

Net
 Loss 

Net loss was 62.6 million, or 2.04 per share, in
 fiscal 2006, compared to a net loss of 30.6 million, or
 1.19 per share, in fiscal 2005.

We expect to continue to operate at a loss at least through
 fiscal 2007, although the amount of this loss will depend
 significantly upon the outcome of our planned meeting with the
 FDA to discuss the future development requirements for Zenvia,
 as well as the rate of growth in FazaClo sales.

Comparison
 of Fiscal 2005 and 2004 

Revenues 

Revenues increased by 13.1 million, or 365 , to
 16.7 million in fiscal 2005 from 3.6 million in
 fiscal 2004. The increase is primarily due to increases in
 license and research and development service revenues, partially
 offset by a decrease in product sales. License revenues
 increased by 12.5 million in fiscal 2005 compared to
 fiscal 2004 primarily due to license fees from the AstraZeneca
 and Novartis license agreements. Research and development
 service revenues in fiscal 2005 were also generated from the
 AstraZeneca and Novartis license agreements. Sales of docosanol
 decreased by 770,000, which was mainly due to an unusually
 large sale of API Docosanol to GlaxoSmithKline in fiscal 2004.

Operating
 Expenses 

Total operating expenses increased to 47.8 million in
 fiscal 2005, compared to 32.0 million in fiscal 2004. The
 49 increase in operating expenses was due to a 1.7 million or
 139 increase in cost of revenues, a 4.6 million or 22 
 increase in research and development expenses and a
 9.5 million or 101 increase in selling, general and
 administrative expenses. Explanations of operating expenses in
 both fiscal 2005 and fiscal 2004 are described more fully in the
 paragraphs that follow

Research and development (R&D)
 expenses. R&D expenses increased to
 26.1 million in fiscal 2005 from 21.5 million in
 fiscal 2004. R&D spending in fiscal 2005 was related to the
 open label safety study of Zenvia in the treatment for IEED/PBA,
 preparation for and initiation of a Phase III clinical
 trial of Zenvia for the treatment of

35

Table of Contents 

neuropathic pain, and Phase I clinical trials of our
 leading compound for the selective cytokine inhibitor program.
 R&D expenses also included pre-clinical research related to
 the MIF inhibitor, reverse cholesterol transport and antibobody
 development programs. The increase in R&D expenses is
 primarily due to 7.2 million in expenses related to the
 acquisition of additional contractual rights to Zenvia (see
 Note 19, Related Party Transactions, in Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements), a 1.8 million
 increase in spending for pre-clinical development of our reverse
 cholesterol transport program and a 1.5 million increase
 in spending related to initiation of a Phase III trial of
 Zenvia for the treatment of neuropathic pain. The increase is
 partially offset by a 937,000 decrease in spending on our
 selective cytokine inhibitor program. R&D expenses in fiscal
 2004 included the issuance of 2.7 million in common stock
 in connection with the MIF technology (see Note 3,
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Research and Development Expenses, in the accompanying
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).

Selling, general and administrative
 expenses. Our selling, general and
 administrative expenses increased by 9.5 million, or 101 ,
 to 18.8 million in fiscal 2005 from 9.3 million in
 fiscal 2004. These increased expenses primarily relate to a
 6.4 million increase in expenses related to the continued
 expansion of our medical education and awareness programs for
 IEED/PBA, market research, and pre-launch planning activities
 for Zenvia and hiring of additional sales and marketing
 personnel; a 1.0 million increase in professional services
 mainly associated with corporate governance and SEC reporting,
 internal controls documentation and testing under the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; a 945,000 increase in expenses
 related to increases in headcount and salaries in general and
 administrative areas; a 669,000 aggregate amount of severance
 expenses, including a 584,000 severance expense related to the
 resignation of our former CEO; and a 471,000 increase in
 recruiting and temporary labor expenses.

Cost of Revenues. Cost of revenues
 increased to 2.8 million in fiscal 2005 from 1.2 million in
 fiscal 2004. The increase is mainly due to an increase in cost
 of research services being funded by partners.

Interest
 Income 

Interest income increased by 330,000, or 114 , to 620,000 in
 fiscal 2005 from 290,000 in fiscal 2004. The increase is
 primarily due to a 73 increase in average balance of
 investments in fiscal 2005, compared to fiscal 2004.

Net
 Loss 

Net loss was 30.6 million, or 1.19 per share, in
 fiscal 2005 compared to a net loss of 28.2 million, or
 1.44 per share, in fiscal 2004. A higher weighted average
 number of shares was outstanding in fiscal 2005, which accounts
 for the lower loss per share.

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2006, we had cash, cash equivalents,
 investments in securities and restricted investments totaling
 24.8 million, including cash and cash equivalents of
 4.9 million, short- and long-term investments of
 19.0 million and restricted investments in securities of
 approximately 857,000. We had a negative net working capital
 balance of 7.0 million as of September 30, 2006. As
 of September 30, 2005, we had cash, cash equivalents,
 investments in securities and restricted investments totaling
 27.5 million, including cash and cash equivalents of
 8.6 million, short- and long-term investments of
 18.1 million, and restricted investments of approximately
 857,000. Our net working capital balance as of
 September 30, 2005 was 12.0 million. Explanations of
 net cash provided by or used for operating, investing and
 financing activities are provided in the table below.

September 30, 

Increase (Decrease) 

September 30, 

2006 

During Period 

2005 

Cash, cash equivalents and
 investment in securities

24,750,073

(2,787,513

27,537,586

Cash and cash equivalents

4,898,214

(3,721,929

8,620,143

Net working capital

(6,969,777

(18,939,227

11,969,450

36

Table of Contents 

Year Ended 

Change 

Year Ended 

September 30, 

Between 

September 30, 

2006 

Periods 

2005 

Net cash used for operating
 activities

(41,009,903

(20,955,692

(20,054,211

Net cash used for investing
 activities

(7,380,482

1,507,743

(8,888,225

Net cash provided by financing
 activities

44,668,456

20,599,960

24,068,496

Net increase (decrease) in cash
 and cash equivalents

(3,721,929

1,152,011

(4,873,940

Operating activities. Net cash used for
 operating activities amounted to 41.0 million in fiscal
 2006, 21.0 million higher than the net cash used for
 operating activities in fiscal 2005. The increase in cash used
 for operating activities was due to spending on an open-label
 study and consulting fees relating to
 Zenvia tm 
 in the treatment of IEED/PBA and a Phase III clinical study
 for Zenvia in the treatment of painful diabetic neuropathy. The
 increase in cash used was also due to the continued expansion of
 our medical education and awareness programs for IEED/PBA,
 market research, and pre-launch activities for Zenvia, in
 anticipation of the drug being approved by the FDA.

Net cash used for operating activities was 20.1 million in
 fiscal 2005, compared to 24.7 million in fiscal 2004. The
 decrease in cash used for operating activities is mainly due to
 increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other
 liabilities, partially offset by an increase in net loss and an
 increase in receivables. Increases in accounts payable and
 accrued expenses and other liabilities reflect the expansion of
 our medical education and awareness programs for PBA, market
 research, and pre-launch activities for Zenvia, assuming the
 drug is approved by the FDA for marketing, and formulation and
 pre-formulation work and clinical advisory services related to
 our potential products. Selling, general and administrative
 expenses increased by 9.5 million in fiscal 2005, compared
 to fiscal 2004, of which 4.6 million represented an
 increase in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2005, resulting in a
 corresponding increase in accounts payables and accrued
 expenses. The increase in receivables is mainly due to a
 1.0 million increase in receivables from research and
 development services performed under the collaborative research
 agreements.

Increase in balance sheet accounts at September 30, 2006 as
 compared to September 30, 2005 was primarily due to the
 Alamo acquisition.

Investing activities. Net cash used for
 investing activities was 7.4 million in fiscal 2006,
 compared to 8.9 million provided by investing activities
 in fiscal 2005. Our investments in securities increased by
 923,000 in fiscal 2006 and increased by 6.6 million in
 fiscal 2005, net of proceeds from sales and maturities of
 investments in securities. We paid 4.8 million in cash as
 consideration for the Alamo acquisition and acquisition
 transaction costs, net of cash acquired. We invested
 1.7 million in property and equipment in fiscal 2006,
 compared to 991,000 in fiscal 2005. The increased spending was
 related primarily to additional computer equipment, and in
 making improvements in office space utilization to accommodate
 additional personnel within existing leased space. We expect
 that capital expenditures for property and equipment will likely
 remain level, but will depend greatly on if we will need to make
 accommodations for additional sales and marketing personnel that
 will be necessary to support commercialization of Zenvia,
 assuming the drug is approved by the FDA. (See Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations, Selling, General and Administrative
 Expenses. 

Net cash used for investing activities was 8.9 million in
 fiscal 2005, compared to 9.2 million in fiscal 2004 and
 6.7 million in fiscal 2003. Our investments in securities
 were 6.6 million in fiscal 2005 and 7.2 million in
 fiscal 2004, net of proceeds from sales and maturities of
 investments in securities. Capital expenditures related to
 patent costs were 1.3 million in fiscal 2005, compared to
 1.2 million in fiscal 2004. We invested 991,000 in
 leasehold improvements and equipment during fiscal 2005,
 compared to 794,000 during fiscal 2004.

Financing activities. Net cash provided by
 financing activities was 44.7 million in fiscal 2006,
 consisting of 35.6 million in net proceeds from sales of
 our common stock through private placements and
 9.2 million from exercises of warrants and stock options
 to purchase our common stock. Net cash provided by financing
 activities was 24.1 million in fiscal 2005, consisting
 primarily of 22.8 million in net proceeds from sales of
 our Class A common stock through private placements and
 1.3 million from exercises of warrants to purchase our
 Class A common stock. Net cash provided by financing
 activities amounted to 35.2 million in fiscal 2004,
 consisting

37

Table of Contents 

primarily of 34.0 million received from the sale of our
 Class A common stock and from issuance of notes payable
 totaling 1.1 million.

In October 2005, we sold 1,523,585 shares of Class A
 common stock under an effective shelf registration statement to
 certain institutional investors at 10.60 per share for
 aggregate net offering proceeds of 16.15 million. In
 December 2005, we sold 1,492,538 shares of our Class A
 common stock under an effective shelf registration statement to
 certain institutional investors at 13.40 per share, for
 aggregate offering proceeds of approximately 20.0 million
 and net offering proceeds of approximately 19.4 million,
 after deducting commissions and offering fees and expenses.

Between January 26, 2006 and February 7, 2006, we
 received proceeds of 4.7 million from the exercise of
 warrants to purchase 671,923 shares of Class A common
 stock in connection with our call for redemption of a group of
 outstanding warrants. The warrants had been issued in connection
 with a financing transaction in December 2003 involving the sale
 of Class A common stock and warrants (the
 Warrants ). The exercise price of the Warrants was
 7.00 per share. The Warrants had a five-year term, but
 included a provision that we could redeem the Warrants for 1.00
 each if our stock price traded above twice the warrant exercise
 price for a certain period of time (the
 Redemption Right ). On January 24, 2006, we
 sent the Warrant holders notice that the Redemption Right
 had been triggered and that the Warrants would expire, to the
 extent unexercised, on February 7, 2006. One of the
 warrants to purchase 25,167 shares of Class A common
 stock expired unexercised.

Subsequent to September 30, 2006, we sold
 5,265,000 shares of Class A common stock at a price of
 2.85 per share to certain accredited investors. As part of
 the offering of the common stock, the purchasers also received
 warrants to purchase a total of 1,053,000 shares under an
 effective shelf registration statement of Class A common
 stock at an exercise price of 3.30 per share. The warrants
 become exercisable six months after the closing and then remain
 exercisable for a period of six months. The gross proceeds of
 the offering were approximately 15.0 million, before
 offering expenses and commissions, and the net offering proceeds
 were approximately 14.4 million. Pursuant to the terms of
 certain outstanding promissory notes, we were required to use
 20 of the net proceeds from this offering to pay down a portion
 of our debt obligations.

As of September 30, 2006, we have contractual obligations
 for long-term debt, capital (finance) lease obligations and
 operating lease obligations, as summarized in the table that
 follows. We anticipate being able to satisfy the obligations
 described below out of cash, cash equivalents and investments in
 securities held by us as of September 30, 2006 and from
 proceeds from additional sales of financings under our effective
 shelf registration statement, which currently has approximately
 48.8 million of securities available for offering and sale
 by us. (See Financing Activities above and
 Note 23, Subsequent Event, in the accompanying
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). We do not have any
 off balance sheet arrangements.

Payments Due by Period 

Less than 

More than 

Total 

1 Year 

1-3 Years 

3-5 Years 

5 Years 

Long-term debt obligations(1)

30,689,599

2,394,674

28,294,925

Capital (finance) lease obligations

424,571

252,479

172,092

Operating lease obligations

11,597,443

2,380,226

4,319,167

3,323,843

1,574,207

Purchase obligations

19,759,591

17,991,010

1,768,581

Total

62,471,204

23,018,389

34,554,765

3,323,843

1,574,207

(1) 

Includes interest. 

Purchase obligations presented above represent
 contractual commitments entered into for goods and services in
 the normal of course of our business. The amount includes all
 known contracts and open purchase orders that exceed 25,000 in
 the aggregate from any single vendor. The purchase obligations
 do not include potential severance payment obligations to our
 executive officers in the event of a
 not-for-cause 
 termination or change of control under their existing employment
 contracts. For information regarding these severance and change
 in control benefits, refer to Executive Compensation. 

38

Table of Contents 

As part of the purchase consideration of the Alamo acquisition,
 we issued three promissory notes in the initial respective
 principal amounts of 14,400,000, 6,675,000 and 4,000,000 (the
 First Note, Second Note and Third
 Note respectively) (collectively, the Notes ).
 The Notes bear interest at an average rate equal to the London
 Inter-Bank Offered Rate, or LIBOR, plus 1.33 .
 Interest accruing on the Notes is payable monthly and the
 principal amount of the Notes matures on May 24, 2009,
 provided that (i) the Selling Holders may demand early
 repayment of the First Note if the closing price of our common
 stock, as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market, equals or
 exceeds 15.00 per share for a total of 20 trading days in
 any 30 consecutive
 trading-day 
 period (the Stock Contingency ), and (ii) we
 must apply 20 of any future net offering proceeds from equity
 offerings and other financing transactions to repay the Notes
 (starting with the First Note), and must repay the Notes in full
 if we have raised in an offering more than 100,000,000 in
 future aggregate net proceeds. In connection with the equity
 offering we completed subsequent to fiscal 2006 and in
 accordance with the terms of the Notes, we used
 2.9 million or 20 of the net proceeds to pay down the
 First Note. The principal balance of the First Note is
 11.5 million as of December 5, 2006.

If the Selling Holders demand repayment of the First Note
 following satisfaction of the Stock Contingency, we must repay
 the First Note within 180 days from the demand in our
 choice of cash or shares of common stock. If we elect to repay
 the First Note in shares of common stock, the shares will be
 valued at 95 of the average closing price of the common stock,
 as reported on the NASDAQ Global Market, for the five trading
 days prior to repayment, subject to a price floor.

We have the right to prepay, in cash or in common stock, the
 amounts due under the Notes at any time, provided that we may
 only pay the Notes in common stock if the Stock Contingency has
 occurred prior to the maturity date and if we have registered
 the shares on an effective registration statement filed with the
 SEC. If we elect to prepay the Notes with common stock, the
 shares will be valued at 95 of the average closing price of the
 common stock, as reported on the NASDAQ Global Market, for the
 five trading days prior to repayment, subject to a price floor.

The following contingent payments are excluded from the
 contractual obligations presented above:

Alamo Earn-Out Payments. In connection with
 the Alamo acquisition, we agreed to pay up to an additional
 39,450,000 in revenue-based earn-out payments, based on future
 sales of FazaClo. These earn-out payments are based on FazaClo
 sales in the United States from the closing date of the
 acquisition through December 31, 2018 (the Contingent
 Payment Period and are payable to the Selling Holders as
 follows:

A promissory note that would have been issuable in the principal
 amount of 4,000,000 if FazaClo sales, as reported by IMS Health
 Incorporated, for each of the months of April and May 2006
 exceeded 1,266,539. Since the closing of the acquisition, we
 have determined that FazaClo sales for the months April and May
 2006 did not satisfy this condition and thus this promissory
 note was not issued pursuant to this contingency.

If the preceding condition is not satisfied, then (A) a
 promissory note, in the principal amount of 2,000,000, payable
 one time if monthly FazaClo net product sales, as reported by
 us, exceed 1,000,000 for each of the three months in a given
 fiscal quarter during the Contingent Payment Period, and
 (B) an additional promissory note in the principal amount
 of 2,000,000, payable one time if monthly FazaClo net product
 sales, as reported by us, exceed 1,500,000 for each of the
 three months in a given fiscal quarter during the Contingent
 Payment Period. None of these conditions were satisfied as of
 September 30, 2006.

A one-time cash payment of 10,450,000 if FazaClo net product
 sales, as reported by us, exceed 40.0 million over four
 consecutive fiscal quarters during the Contingent Payment Period.

A one-time cash payment of 25,000,000 if FazaClo net product
 sales, as reported by us, exceed 50.0 million over four
 consecutive fiscal quarters during the Contingent Payment Period.

We have also agreed to pay the Selling Holders one-half of all
 net licensing revenues that we received during the Contingent
 Payment Period from licenses of FazaClo outside of the United
 States Non-US Licensing Revenues ). Any amounts paid
 to the Selling Holders on Non-US Licensing Revenues will be
 recognized in the consolidated statement of operations in the
 period such amounts are paid.

CIMA Royalty payments. In connection with the
 Alamo acquisition, we acquired a development, license and supply
 agreement with CIMA Labs Inc. CIMA ), which holds
 intellectual property rights related to certain

39

Table of Contents 

aspects of the development and production of FazaClo (the
 FazaClo Supply Agreement ). The FazaClo Supply
 Agreement grants, through our Alamo subsidiary, an exclusive
 license to us to market, distribute and sell FazaClo. The
 FazaClo Supply Agreement provides royalty rates of 5 to 6 ,
 based on annual net sales and minimum annual royalty targets set
 forth in the agreement. Minimum future annual royalty payments
 under the agreement are as follows:

Twelve-month period ending
 December 31:

2006

250,000

2007

300,000

2008 and each year thereafter

400,000

Eurand Milestone and Royalty Payments. In
 August 2006, we entered into a development and license agreement
 Eurand Agreement with Eurand, Inc.
 Eurand ), under which Eurand will provide R&D
 services using Eurand s certain proprietary technology to
 develop a
 once-a-day 
 controlled release capsule, a new formulation, of Zenvia for the
 treatment of IEED/PBA Controlled-Release Zenvia ).
 Under the terms of the Eurand Agreement, we will pay Eurand for
 development services on time and material basis. We will be
 required to make payments up to 7.6 million contingent
 upon achievement of certain development milestones and up to
 14.0 million contingent upon achievement of certain sales
 targets. In addition, we will be required to make royalty
 payments based on sales of Controlled-Release Zenvia, if it is
 approved for commercialization. We have recorded 283,000 fees
 relating to the Eurand Agreement in fiscal 2006.

Zenvia License Milestone Payments. We hold the
 exclusive worldwide marketing rights to Zenvia for certain
 indications pursuant to an exclusive license agreement with the
 Center for Neurologic Study CNS ). We will be
 obligated to pay CNS up to 400,000 in the aggregate in
 milestones to continue to develop both indications, assuming
 they are both approved for marketing by the FDA. We are not
 currently developing, nor do we have an obligation to develop,
 any other indications under the CNS license agreement. In fiscal
 2005, we paid 75,000 to CNS under the CNS license agreement,
 and will need to pay a 75,000 milestone if the FDA
 approves our NDA for Zenvia for the treatment of IEED/PBA. In
 addition, we are obligated to pay CNS a royalty on commercial
 sales of Zenvia with respect to each indication, if and when the
 drug is approved by the FDA for commercialization. Under certain
 circumstances, we may have the obligation to pay CNS a portion
 of net revenues received if we sublicense Zenvia to a third
 party.

In March 2005, we entered into an asset purchase agreement,
 pursuant to which our wholly owned subsidiary, Avanir Holding
 Company, acquired from IriSys, LLC certain additional
 contractual rights to Zenvia for 1,925,000 and
 500,000 shares of Class A common stock. The fair value
 of the acquired assets was determined based on various financial
 models for the commercialization of Zenvia for different
 indications, as well as the projected discounted cash flow and
 net present value under each such model. The fair value of the
 common stock issued in the transaction was calculated at
 10.60 per share, or 5,300,000 in aggregate, using the
 5-day 
 average closing price of our common stock, beginning two days
 before and ending two days after the close and announcement of
 the agreement on March 9, 2005. (See Note 19,
 Related Party Transactions, in the Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements.) As a result of this
 transaction, we acquired the exclusive worldwide marketing
 rights to Zenvia for certain indications as set forth in the
 aforementioned license agreement with CNS.

Management
 Outlook 

In order to maintain sufficient cash and investments to fund
 future operations, including sales of FazaClo, and to prepare
 for the additional clinical work that may be required for the
 commercialization of Zenvia, we will need to raise additional
 capital in the near term. We may seek to raise this additional
 capital at any time and may do so through various financing
 alternatives, including licensing or sales of our technologies
 and drug candidates, selling shares of common or preferred
 stock, or through the issuance of one or more forms of senior or
 subordinated debt. The balance of securities available for sale
 under our existing shelf registration was approximately
 48.8 million as of December 5, 2006. We believe that
 these anticipated offering proceeds plus our cash, cash
 equivalents and unrestricted investments in securities of
 approximately 23.9 million at September 30, 2006 as
 well as anticipated future cash flows generated from licensed
 technologies and sales from the shipments of FazaClo should be
 sufficient to sustain our planned level of operations for at
 least the next 12 months. If we are unable to raise

40

Table of Contents 

sufficient additional capital to fund future operations, we
 would defer or abandon one or more of our clinical or
 pre-clinical research programs and may be required to undertake
 additional cost-cutting measurements.

During fiscal 2007, we expect to earn sufficient revenues from
 R&D services, under license agreements with AstraZeneca and
 Novartis, to fully offset the expenses that we incur in
 connection with providing those services. If either AstraZeneca
 or Novartis were to reduce or terminate development efforts and
 funding, then we would expect to reduce or terminate our own
 research and development spending associated with these
 programs, although we may incur unreimbursed charges associated
 with the reduction or termination of these programs. In general,
 potential milestone payments to be received under existing
 license agreements are outside of our control and the timing of
 potential payment cannot be predicted. Revenues from new sources
 in fiscal 2007, such as license fees and milestone payments,
 will depend substantially on whether or not we enter into
 additional license arrangements and whether or not we achieve
 milestones under existing arrangements. Such arrangements may be
 in the form of licensing or partnering agreements for Zenvia or
 for our other product development programs including development
 of a selective cytokine inhibitor. Many of our product
 development programs could take years of additional development
 before they reach the stage of being licensable to other
 pharmaceutical companies.

For information regarding the risks associated with our need to
 raise capital to fund our ongoing and planned operations, please
 see Risk Factors. 

Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting
 Policies Recent Accounting Pronouncements, in
 the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion
 of recent accounting pronouncements and their effect, if any, on
 the Company.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As described below, we are exposed to market risks related to
 changes in interest rates. Because substantially all of our
 revenue, expenses, and capital purchasing activities are
 transacted in U.S. dollars, our exposure to foreign
 currency exchange rates is immaterial. However, in the future we
 could face increasing exposure to foreign currency exchange
 rates as we expand international distribution of docosanol 10 
 cream and purchase additional services from outside the
 U.S. Until such time as we are faced with material amounts
 of foreign currency exchange rate risks, we do not plan to use
 derivative financial instruments, which can be used to hedge
 such risks. We will evaluate the use of derivative financial
 instruments to hedge our exposure as the needs and risks should
 arise.

Interest
 Rate Sensitivity 

Our investment portfolio consists primarily of fixed income
 instruments with an average duration of approximately eleven
 months as of September 30, 2006 (1.2 years as of
 September 30, 2005). The primary objective of our
 investments in debt securities is to preserve principal while
 achieving attractive yields, without significantly increasing
 risk. We classify our investments in securities as of
 September 30, 2006 as
 available-for-sale 
 and our restricted investments in securities as
 held-to-maturity. 
 These
 available-for-sale 
 securities are subject to interest rate risk. In general, we
 would expect that the volatility of this portfolio would
 decrease as its duration decreases. Based on the average
 duration of our investments as of September 30, 2006 and
 2005, an increase of one percentage point in the interest rates
 would have resulted in increases in comprehensive losses of
 approximately 171,000 and 222,000, respectively.

At September 30, 2006, we had approximately
 25.1 million of variable rate debt that was issued as part
 of the purchase price for the acquisition of Alamo. If the
 interest of our variable rate debt were to increase or decrease
 by 1 , interest expense would increase or decrease on annual
 basis by approximately 251,000 based on the amount of
 outstanding variable rate debt at September 30, 2006.

Item 8. 

Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our financial statements are annexed to this report beginning on
 page F-1. 

41

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 

Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
 Financial Disclosure 

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls
 and Procedures 

Evaluation
 of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, after
 evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
 Rules 13a-15(e) 
 and
 15d-15(e), 
 as of the end of the period covered by this report, have
 concluded that, based on such evaluation, as of
 September 30, 2006 our disclosure controls and procedures
 were effective and designed to provide reasonable assurance that
 the information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed,
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
 Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms. For the
 purpose of this review, disclosure controls and procedures means
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
 required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that we
 file or submit is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
 forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include, without
 limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that
 information required to be disclosed by the Company in the
 reports that we file or submit it is accumulated and
 communicated to management, including our principal executive
 officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting
 officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
 required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure
 controls and procedures, our management recognized that any
 controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and
 operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the
 desired control objectives, and our management necessarily was
 required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
 relationship of possible controls and procedures.

Changes
 in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There has been no change in the Company s internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in
 Rule 13a-15(f) 
 under the Exchange Act) during the Company s fourth fiscal
 quarter ended September 30, 2006, that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the
 Company s internal control over financial reporting.
 However, since the acquisition of Alamo in May 2006, we are in
 the process of integrating Alamo s operations and controls
 into our internal controls and expect that this process may
 result in additions or changes to our internal control over
 financial reporting.

Management s
 Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
 adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term
 is defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) 
 and
 15d-15(f). 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our
 management, including our principal executive officer and
 principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the
 effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
 based on the framework in Internal Control 
 Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ).
 Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal
 Control Integrated Framework , our management
 concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
 effective as of September 30, 2006.

Based on our assessment using those criteria, we believe that,
 as of September 30, 2006, our internal control over
 financial reporting is effective. In making this assessment,
 management has excluded the operations of Alamo
 Pharmaceuticals LLC Alamo ), which was acquired
 on May 24, 2006 and whose financial statements constitute
 (467) percent and 54 percent of net and total assets,
 respectively, 0 percent of revenues, and 13 percent of
 net loss of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of
 and for the year ended September 30, 2006, as we did not
 have sufficient time to make an assessment of Alamo s
 internal controls using the COSO criteria in accordance with
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In excluding
 Alamo from our assessment, we have considered the
 Frequently Asked Questions as set forth by the
 Office of the Chief Accountant of the Division of Corporate
 Finance on June 24, 2004 which acknowledges that it may not
 be possible to conduct an assessment of an acquired
 business s internal controls over financial reporting in
 the period between the consummation date and the date of

42

Table of Contents 

management s assessment and contemplates that such business
 would be excluded from management s assessment in the year
 of acquisition.

Our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over
 financial reporting as of September 30, 2006 has been
 audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent
 registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report,
 which is set forth below in this Item 9A.

43

Table of Contents 

Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals

We have audited management s assessment, included in the
 accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over
 Financial Reporting, that AVANIR Pharmaceuticals and
 subsidiaries (the Company maintained effective
 internal control over financial reporting as of
 September 30, 2006 based on criteria established in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission. As described in Management s Report on Internal
 Control over Financial Reporting, management excluded from its
 assessment the internal control over financial reporting at
 Alamo Pharmaceuticals, LLC, which was acquired on May 24,
 2006 and whose financial statements constitute
 (467) percent and 54 percent of net and total assets,
 respectively, 0 percent of revenues, and 13 percent of
 net loss of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of
 and for the year ended September 30, 2006. Accordingly, our
 audit did not include the internal control over financial
 reporting at Alamo Pharmaceuticals, LLC. The Company s
 management is responsible for maintaining effective internal
 control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
 effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our
 responsibility is to express an opinion on management s
 assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the
 Company s internal control over financial reporting based
 on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
 over financial reporting was maintained in all material
 respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
 internal control over financial reporting, evaluating
 management s assessment, testing and evaluating the design
 and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing
 such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
 circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
 basis for our opinions.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a
 process designed by, or under the supervision of, the
 company s principal executive and principal financial
 officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected
 by the company s board of directors, management, and other
 personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
 internal control over financial reporting includes those
 policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
 reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
 company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
 are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
 statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
 are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
 management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
 unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
 company s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements.

Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over
 financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or
 improper management override of controls, material misstatements
 due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a
 timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the
 effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting
 to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may
 become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
 degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
 deteriorate.

In our opinion, management s assessment that the Company
 maintained effective internal control over financial reporting
 as of September 30, 2006, is fairly stated, in all material
 respects, based on the criteria established in Internal
 Control Integrated Framework issued by the
 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all
 material respects, effective internal control over financial
 reporting as of September 30, 2006, based on the criteria
 established in Internal Control Integrated
 Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
 consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended
 September 30, 2006 of the Company and our report dated
 December 15, 2006 expressed an unqualified opinion on those
 financial statements and, included an explanatory paragraph
 relating to the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting
 Standards No. 123(R),
 Share-based 
 Payment, and the change in method of accounting for certain
 patent-related costs, effective October 1, 2005.

/s/ Deloitte &
 Touche LLP

San Diego, California

December 15, 2006

44

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. 

Other
 Information 

None.

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors
 and Executive Officers 

The information relating to our directors that are required by
 this item is incorporated by reference from the information
 under the caption Election of Directors contained in
 our definitive proxy statement (the Proxy
 Statement ), which will be filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission in connection with our 2007 Annual Meeting
 of Shareholders.

Executive
 Officers of the Registrant 

The names of our executive officers and their ages as of
 December 5, 2006 are set forth below. The officers are
 elected annually by the Board of Directors and hold office until
 their respective successors are qualified and appointed or until
 their resignation, removal or disqualification.

Name 

Age 

Position 

Eric K. Brandt

44

President and Chief Executive
 Officer

Keith A. Katkin

35

Senior Vice President, Sales and
 Marketing

Michael J. Puntoriero

53

Senior Vice President of Finance
 and Chief Financial Officer

Gregory P. Hanson, CMA

60

Vice President, Chief Accounting
 Officer and Secretary

Theresa Hope-Reese

49

Vice President, Human Resources

Randall E. Kaye, M.D. 

44

Vice President, Clinical and
 Medical Affairs

Jagadish C.
 Sircar, Ph.D. 

71

Vice President, Drug Discovery

Eric K. Brandt. Mr. Brandt joined AVANIR
 in September 2005 as President and Chief Executive Officer and
 as a director. Previously, Mr. Brandt was Executive Vice
 President, Finance and Technical Operations, Chief Financial
 Officer of Allergan, Inc. He had increasing influence at
 Allergan, having previously served in the various roles of
 Executive Vice President, Finance, Strategy and Corporate
 Development; Chief Financial Officer; President of the Global
 Consumer Eye Care Business; and Corporate Vice President and
 Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Allergan in 1999,
 Mr. Brandt spent ten years with the Boston Consulting
 Group, Boston, Massachusetts, serving as Vice President/Partner.
 Mr. Brandt has a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical
 Engineering from MIT and an M.B.A. degree from the Harvard
 Business School. Mr. Brandt serves on the Board of Vertex
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc., where he is Chair of the Audit Committee
 and on the Board of Dentsply International Inc.

Keith Katkin. Mr. Katkin joined AVANIR in
 July of 2005 as Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing.
 Mr. Katkin previously served as Vice President, Commercial
 Development for Peninsula Pharmaceuticals from May 2004 to July
 2005, playing a key role in the sale of Peninsula to
 Johnson & Johnson. Prior to his tenure at Peninsula,
 Mr. Katkin was Vice President of Pulmonary and Infectious
 Disease Marketing at InterMune, Inc., a biopharmaceutical
 company, from May 2002 to April 2004. From 1996 to April 2002,
 Mr. Katkin held Sales and Marketing positions with Amgen
 Inc., a global biotechnology company. Earlier in his career,
 Mr. Katkin spent several years at Abbott Laboratories where
 he gained product launch and brand management experience on
 products such as Neupogen, Neulasta, and Biaxin. Mr. Katkin
 received a Bachelor of Science degree in Business and Accounting
 from Indiana University and an M.B.A. degree in Finance from the
 Anderson School of Management at UCLA, graduating with honors.
 Mr. Katkin is also a Certified Public Accountant.

Michael J. Puntoriero. Mr. Puntoriero
 joined AVANIR in May 2006 as Senior Vice President of Finance
 and Chief Financial Officer. His responsibilities include the
 areas of finance, treasury, business planning, investor
 relations and information technology. Prior to joining AVANIR,
 Mr. Puntoriero spent over 20 years with Arthur

45

Table of Contents 

Andersen LLP, including positions as audit partner, head of the
 Orange County, California audit practice and ultimately as
 Managing Partner of the Orange County, California office. Most
 recently, Mr. Puntoriero held senior executive positions
 from July 2004 to March 2006 with Fleetwood Enterprise, Inc.,
 and as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
 First Consulting Group, Inc. from January 2003 to September
 2003. In addition, Mr. Puntoriero serves as a director of
 Oakley, Inc., chair of the audit committee and member of the
 nominating and corporate governance committee.
 Mr. Puntoriero earned a Bachelor of Science degree in
 Accounting from California State University, Northridge and an
 M.B.A degree from the University of Southern California.
 Mr. Puntoriero is a licensed Certified Public Accountant.

Gregory P. Hanson, CMA. Mr. Hanson has
 served as the Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer since
 May 2006, Corporate Compliance Officer since 2002, and Corporate
 Secretary since July 1998. He also has served as Vice President,
 Finance and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) from July 1998 to May
 2006. From September 1995 to July 1998, he was the Chief
 Financial Officer of XXsys Technologies Inc., a composite
 materials technology company; and from May 1993 to September
 1995, he held a number of financial positions within The Titan
 Corporation, a diversified telecommunications and information
 technology company, including acting CFO and acting Controller
 for its subsidiary, Titan Information Systems. Earlier in his
 career, Mr. Hanson held various management positions at
 Ford Motor Company over a
 14-year span
 and at Solar Turbines Incorporated, a subsidiary of Caterpillar
 Inc., over a three-year span. Mr. Hanson has a B.S. degree
 in Mechanical Engineering from Kansas State University and an
 M.B.A. degree with honors from the University of Michigan. He is
 a Certified Management Accountant and has passed the examination
 for Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Hanson has been a
 member of the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Small
 Business Advisory Committee SBAC since April 2004
 and serves on the SBAC s Agenda Committee.

Theresa Hope-Reese. Ms. Hope-Reese joined
 AVANIR in August 2006 as Vice President of Human Resources.
 Ms. Hope-Reese is responsible for overseeing all human
 resource practices and policies for AVANIR. Prior to joining
 AVANIR, Ms. Hope-Reese spent over six years with Water Pik
 Technologies, Inc. as Corporate Vice President of Human
 Resources where she was responsible for all global human
 resource functions for over 1,200 employees. Prior to joining
 Water Pik, she worked for Varco International, Inc., where she
 was Vice President of Human Resources. Ms. Hope-Reese
 earned her Bachelor of Science degree in Management from
 California State University, San Diego and her M.B.A.
 degree from the University of North Texas. Additionally, she has
 earned an Executive Certificate in Management after completing a
 post graduate program at the Peter F. Drucker and Masatoshi Ito
 Graduate School of Management in Claremont, California.

Randall E. Kaye, M.D. Dr. Kaye
 joined AVANIR in January 2006 in the newly created role of Vice
 President of Medical Affairs and assumed the role of Vice
 President Clinical and Medical Affairs starting in November
 2006. Immediately prior to joining AVANIR, Dr. Kaye was the
 Vice President of Medical Affairs for Scios Inc., a division of
 Johnson & Johnson from 2004 to 2006. From 2002 to 2004,
 Dr. Kaye recruited and managed the Medical Affairs
 department for InterMune Inc. Previously, Dr. Kaye served
 for nearly a decade in a variety of Medical Affairs and
 Marketing positions for Pfizer Inc. Dr. Kaye earned his
 Doctor of Medicine, Masters in Public Health and Bachelor of
 Science degrees at George Washington University in
 Washington, D.C. and was a Research Fellow in Allergy and
 Immunology at Harvard Medical School.

Jagadish Sircar, Ph.D. Dr. Sircar
 joined AVANIR in November 1995 as Director of Chemistry, and was
 responsible for creating AVANIR s medicinal chemistry drug
 discovery program. From April 2000 to November 2002, he held the
 position of Executive Director, Drug Discovery at AVANIR and has
 served as our Vice President of Drug Discovery since November
 2002. Before joining AVANIR, Dr. Sircar held the position
 of Senior Vice President, Research and Discovery for Biofor,
 Inc. from January 1992 to November 1995. Previously, from 1969
 to 1991, Dr. Sircar worked with Warner-Lambert/Parke-Davis
 in its Research Division (currently Pfizer), where he attained
 the position of Associate Research Fellow and Chairman of the
 Immunoinflammatory Project Team. During his tenure at
 Warner-Lambert/Parke-Davis, he was responsible for the discovery
 and pre-clinical development of six compounds. Dr. Sircar
 holds a Ph.D. degree in Organic Chemistry, an M.S. degree in
 Pure Chemistry and a B.S. degree (Honors) in Chemistry, all from
 the University of Calcutta, Calcutta, India. Dr. Sircar is
 the author of 170 patents and scientific publications.

46

Table of Contents 

Code of
 Ethics 

We have adopted a code of ethics for directors, officers
 (including our principal executive officer, principal financial
 officer and principal accounting officer or controller), and
 employees. This code of ethics is available on our website at
 www.avanir.com . Any waivers from or amendments to the
 code of ethics will be filed with the SEC on
 Form 8-K. 

Item 11. 

Executive
 Compensation 

The information required by this item is incorporated by
 reference to the information under the caption Executive
 Compensation contained in the Proxy Statement.

Item 12. 

Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
 Related Shareholder Matters 

The information required by this item is incorporated by
 reference to the information under the caption Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
 Equity Compensation Plan Information contained in
 the Proxy Statement.

Item 13. 

Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions 

The information required by this item is incorporated by
 reference to the information under the caption Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions contained in the
 Proxy Statement.

Item 14. 

Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required by this item is incorporated by
 reference to the information under the caption Fees for
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm contained in
 the Proxy Statement.

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits,
 Financial Statements and Schedules 

(a) Financial Statements and Schedules

(1) Index to consolidated financial statements appears on
 page F-1. 

(b) Exhibits

3

.1

Restated Articles of Incorporation
 of the Registrant, dated April 1, 2004(13)

3

.2

Amended and Restated Bylaws of the
 Registrant, dated September 25, 2005(14)

4

.1

Form of Class A Common Stock
 Certificate(1)

4

.2

Certificate of Determination with
 respect to Series C Junior Participating Preferred Stock of
 the Registrant(2)

4

.3

Rights Agreement, dated as of
 March 5, 1999, with American Stock Transfer &
 Trust Company(2)

4

.4

Form of Rights Certificate with
 respect to the Rights Agreement, dated as of March 5,
 1999(2)

4

.5

Amendment No. 1 to Rights
 Agreement, dated November 30, 1999, with American Stock
 Transfer & Trust Company(4)

4

.6

Form of Class A Stock
 Purchase Warrant, issued in connection with the Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated July 21, 2003(10)

4

.7

Form of Class A Stock
 Purchase Warrant, issued in connection with the Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated November 25, 2003(11)

10

.1

License Agreement, dated
 March 31, 2000, by and between
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals and SB Pharmco Puerto Rico, a Puerto Rico
 Corporation(5)

47

Table of Contents 

10

.2

License Agreement, dated
 November 22, 2002, by and between
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals and Drug Royalty USA, Inc.(17)

10

.3

Research, Development and
 Commercialization Agreement, dated April 27, 2005, by and
 between
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals and Novartis International Pharmaceutical
 Ltd. (18)

10

.4

Research Collaboration and License
 Agreement, dated July 8, 2005, by and
 between 
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals and AstraZeneca UK Limited (23)

10

.5

Standard Industrial Net Lease by
 and between
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals and BC Sorrento, LLC, effective
 September 1, 2000(6)

10

.6

Standard Industrial Net Lease by
 and between
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals Tenant and Sorrento Plaza, a
 California limited partnership Landlord ),
 effective May 20, 2002(8)

10

.7

Office lease agreement by and
 between RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF and
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals, dated April 28, 2006

10

.8

License Agreement, dated
 August 1, 2000, by and between
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals Licensee and Irisys Research
 and Development, LLC, a California limited liability company(6)

10

.9

Sublease agreement between
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals and Sirion Therapeutics, Inc., dated
 September 5, 2006

10

.10

License Agreement, dated
 April 2, 1997, by and between Irisys Research &
 Development, LLC and the Center for Neurologic Study(16)

10

.11

Amendment to License Agreement,
 dated April 11, 2000, by and between IriSys
 Research & Development, LLC and the Center for
 Neurologic Study(16)

10

.12

Clinical Development Agreement,
 dated March 22, 2005, by and between
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals and SCIREX Corporation(16)

10

.13

Unit Purchase Agreement by and
 among AVANIR Pharmaceuticals, the Sellers and Alamo
 Pharmaceuticals, LLC, dated May 22, 2006 (24)

10

.14

Senior Note for 14.4 million
 payable to Neal R. Cutler, dated May 24, 2006 (24)

10

.15

Senior Note for 6,675,000 payable
 to Neal R. Cutler, dated May 24, 2006 (24)

10

.16

Senior Note for 4.0 million
 payable to Neal R. Cutler, dated May 24. 2006 (24)

10

.17

Registration Rights Agreement
 between Avanir Pharmaceuticals and Neil Cutler, dated
 May 24, 2006 (24)

10

.18

Amended and Restated Development,
 License and Supply Agreement by and between CIMA Labs Inc. and
 Alamo Pharmaceuticals, LLC, dated August 22, 2005 (24)

10

.19

Amendment #1 to Amended and
 Restated Development, License and Supply Agreement by and
 between CIMA Labs Inc. and Alamo Pharmaceuticals, LLC, dated
 October 19, 2005 (24)

10

.20

Docosanol License Agreement
 between Kobayashi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and AVANIR
 Pharmaceuticals, dated January 5, 2006 (28)

10

.21

Docosanol Data Transfer and Patent
 License Agreement between AVANIR Pharmaceuticals and Healthcare
 Brands International Limited, dated July 6, 2006 

10

.22

Development and License Agreement
 between Eurand, Inc. and AVANIR Pharmaceuticals, dated
 August 7, 2006 

10

.23

Amended and Restated 1998 Stock
 Option Plan(7)

10

.24

Amended and Restated 1994 Stock
 Option Plan(7)

10

.25

Amended and Restated 2000 Stock
 Option Plan(9)

10

.26

Form of Restricted Stock Grant
 Notice for use with Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Option
 Plan(9)

10

.27

2003 Equity Incentive Plan(9)

10

.28

Form of Non-qualified Stock Option
 Award Notice for use with 2003 Equity Incentive Plan(9)

10

.29

Form of Restricted Stock Grant for
 use with 2003 Equity Incentive Plan(9)

10

.30

Form of Restricted Stock Grant
 Notice (cash consideration) for use with 2003 Equity Incentive
 Plan(9)

48

Table of Contents 

10

.31

Form of Indemnification Agreement
 with certain Directors and Executive Officers of the
 Registrant(12)

10

.32

2005 Equity Incentive Plan (23)

10

.33

Form of Stock Option Agreement for
 use with 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (20)

10

.34

Form of Restricted Stock Unit
 Agreement for use with 2005 Equity Incentive Plan and 2003
 Equity Incentive Plan

10

.35

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement
 for use with 2005 Equity Incentive Plan

10

.36

Form of Change of Control
 Agreement (26)

10

.37

Employment Agreement with Eric
 Brandt, dated August 15, 2005 (23)

10

.38

Employment Agreement with Keith
 Katkin, dated June 13, 2005 (23)

10

.39

Employment Agreement with Michael
 J. Puntoriero, dated May 4, 2006

10

.40

Employment Agreement with Randall
 Kaye, dated December 23, 2005 (25)

10

.41

Employment Agreement with Theresa
 Hope-Reese, dated August 7, 2006 (27)

18

.1

Letter regarding change in
 accounting principle

21

.1

List of Subsidiaries

23

.1

Consent of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm

31

.1

Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002

31

.2

Certification of Chief Financial
 Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002

31

.3

Certification of Chief Accounting
 Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002

32

.1

Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002

32

.2

Certification of Chief Financial
 Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002

32

.3

Certification of Chief Accounting
 Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002

Certain confidential portions of this exhibit have been
 retracted. A complete copy of this exhibit has been filed with
 the Secretary of the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant
 to an application requesting confidential treatment under
 Rule 246-2 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

(1) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 File No.
 33-32742, 
 declared effective by the Commission on May 8, 1990. 

(2) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed March 11, 1999. 

(3) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed April 1, 1999. 

(4) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed December 3, 1999. 

(5) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed May 4, 2000. 

(6) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 14, 2000. 

(7) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed December 21, 2001. 

(8) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 13, 2002. 

(9) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed May 13, 2003. 

49

Table of Contents 

(10) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Registration on From
 S-3, File
 No. 333-107820, 
 declared effective by the Commission on August 19, 2003. 

(11) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed December 11, 2003. 

(12) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed December 23, 2003. 

(13) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed on April 6, 2004. 

(14) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed September 28, 2005. 

(15) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed September 21, 2004. 

(16) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed May 13, 2005. 

(17) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed January 7, 2003. 

(18) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 12, 2005. 

(19) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed March 23, 2005. 

(20) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed October 24, 2005. 

(21) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed December 14, 2005. 

(22) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 9, 2006. 

(23) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed February 9, 2006. 

(24) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed June 26, 2006. 

(25) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed August 10, 2006. 

(26) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed May 10, 2006. 

50

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
 its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Avanir Pharmaceuticals

By: 

/s/ Eric
 K. Brandt 

Eric K. Brandt

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: December 15, 2006

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons
 on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the
 date indicated.

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Eric
 K. Brandt 

Eric
 K. Brandt

President and Chief Executive
 Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

December 15, 2006

/s/ Michael
 J. Puntoriero,
 CPA 

Michael
 J. Puntoriero, CPA

Senior Vice President of Finance
 and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)

December 15, 2006

/s/ Gregory
 P. Hanson,
 CMA 

Gregory
 P. Hanson, CMA

Vice President and Chief
 Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer)

December 15, 2006

/s/ Charles
 A. Mathews 

Charles
 A. Mathews

Director

December 15, 2006

/s/ Stephen
 G. Austin,
 CPA 

Stephen
 G. Austin, CPA

Director

December 15, 2006

/s/ David
 J.
 Mazzo, Ph.D. 

David
 J. Mazzo, Ph.D.

Director

December 15, 2006

/s/ Dennis
 G. Podlesak 

Dennis
 G. Podlesak

Director

December 15, 2006

/s/ Jonathan
 T.
 Silverstein, J.D. 

Jonathan
 T. Silverstein, J.D.

Director

December 15, 2006

/s/ Paul
 G. Thomas 

Paul
 G. Thomas

Director

December 15, 2006

/s/ Craig
 A. Wheeler 

Craig
 A. Wheeler

Director

December 15, 2006

/s/ Scott
 M.
 Whitcup, M.D. 

Scott
 M. Whitcup, M.D.

Director

December 15, 2006

51

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

INDEX TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2

Financial Statements:

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 

F-3

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 

F-4

Consolidated
 Statements of Shareholders (Deficit) Equity and
 Comprehensive Loss 

F-5

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6

Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-7

Financial Statement Schedules:

Financial statement schedules have
 been omitted for the reason that the required information is
 presented in financial statements or notes thereto, the amounts
 involved are not significant or the schedules are not
 applicable.

F-1

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals and subsidiaries (the Company as of
 September 30, 2006 and 2005, and the related consolidated
 statements of operations, shareholders (deficit) equity
 and comprehensive loss, and cash flows for each of the three
 years in the period ended September 30, 2006. These
 financial statements are the responsibility of the
 Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
 opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
 test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
 the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
 statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
 reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present
 fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
 Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals and subsidiaries as of September 30,
 2006 and 2005, and the results of their operations and their
 cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
 September 30, 2006, in conformity with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
 effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
 financial reporting as of September 30, 2006, based on the
 criteria established in Internal Control 
 Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated
 December 15, 2006 expressed an unqualified opinion on
 management s assessment of the effectiveness of the
 Company s internal control over financial reporting and an
 unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
 internal control over financial reporting.

As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the
 Company (1) adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
 Standards No. 123(R), Share-based Payment , and
 (2) changed its method of accounting for certain patent
 related costs, effective October 1, 2005.

/s/ Deloitte &
 Touche LLP

San Diego, California

December 15, 2006

F-2

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 

2006 

2005 

ASSETS 

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

4,898,214

8,620,143

Short-term investments in
 securities

16,778,267

14,215,005

Receivables, net

3,042,468

1,169,654

Inventories

2,835,203

27,115

Prepaid expenses

1,778,918

2,370,801

Total current assets

29,333,070

26,402,718

Investments in securities

2,216,995

3,845,566

Restricted investments in
 securities

856,597

856,872

Property and equipment, net

6,047,729

6,004,527

Intangible assets, net

10,113,329

3,665,086

Goodwill

22,110,328

Long-term inventories

347,424

347,424

Other assets

436,865

279,797

TOTAL ASSETS

71,462,337

41,401,990

LIABILITIES AND
 SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

10,845,057

6,751,781

Accrued expenses and other
 liabilities

9,857,639

4,094,295

Assumed liabilities for returns
 and other discounts

3,980,229

Accrued compensation and payroll
 taxes

3,125,862

1,272,231

Deferred revenues, net

7,592,563

1,970,989

Notes payable

670,737

317,667

Capital lease obligations

230,760

26,305

Total current liabilities

36,302,847

14,433,268

Other liabilities

230,450

Deferred revenues, net of current
 portion

15,716,762

17,187,221

Notes payable, net of current
 portion

24,715,905

637,285

Capital lease obligations, net of
 current portion

170,908

9,337

Total liabilities

77,136,872

32,267,111

Commitments and contingencies
 (Notes 4, 14, 17 and 19) 

Shareholders (deficit)
 equity: 

Preferred stock no par
 value, 10,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued or
 outstanding as of September 30, 2006 and 2005, respectively:

Common stock no par
 value, 200,000,000 shares authorized; 31,708,461 and
 27,341,732 shares issued and outstanding as of
 September 30, 2006 and 2005, respectively

211,993,249

167,738,303

Unearned compensation

(3,477,144

Accumulated deficit

(217,565,280

(155,012,466

Accumulated other comprehensive
 loss

(102,504

(113,814

Total shareholders (deficit)
 equity

(5,674,535

9,134,879

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND
 SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY

71,462,337

41,401,990

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

F-3

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended September 30, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

REVENUES: 

Research and development services

7,837,788

1,617,525

Licenses

5,154,709

12,800,000

328,000

Royalties and sale of royalty
 rights

1,938,203

1,752,321

1,715,152

Government research grants

236,882

503,328

758,827

Product sales

18,270

17,400

787,338

Total revenues

15,185,852

16,690,574

3,589,317

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Cost of research and development
 services

7,198,397

2,346,044

979,182

Cost of government research grant
 services

292,111

497,210

Research and development

29,222,089

26,140,504

21,502,499

Selling, general and administrative

38,054,219

18,796,188

9,340,260

Cost of product sales

415,045

3,102

213,192

Total operating expenses

75,181,861

47,783,048

32,035,133

Loss from operations 

(59,996,009

(31,092,474

(28,445,816

Interest income

1,794,049

619,857

290,067

Interest expense

(765,871

(92,533

(34,508

Other income (expense)

33,505

(39,601

38,068

Loss before income
 taxes 

(58,934,326

(30,604,751

(28,152,189

Provision for income taxes

(2,430

(1,813

(2,664

Loss before cumulative effect of
 change in accounting principle

(58,936,756

(30,606,564

(28,154,853

Cumulative effect of change in
 accounting principle (Note 3)

(3,616,058

Net loss 

(62,552,814

(30,606,564

(28,154,853

Basic and diluted net loss per
 share (Note 2): 

Loss before cumulative effect of
 change in accounting principle

(1.92

(1.19

(1.44

Cumulative effect of change in
 accounting principle

(0.12

Net loss 

(2.04

(1.19

(1.44

Basic and diluted weighted average
 number of common shares outstanding (Note 2)

30,634,872

25,617,432

19,486,603

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

F-4

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY AND
 COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Accumulated 

Common Stock 

Other 

Total 

Class A 

Class B 

Accumulated 

Unearned 

Comprehensive 

Shareholders 

Comprehensive 

Shares (Note 2) 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Deficit 

Compensation 

Income (Loss) 

(Deficit) Equity 

Loss 

BALANCE, OCTOBER 1, 2003

16,454,109

97,286,433

3,375

8,395

(96,251,049

(6,548

1,037,231

Net loss

(28,154,853

(28,154,853

(28,154,853

Issuance of Class A common
 stock in connection with:

Exercise of warrants

73,724

448,671

448,671

Exercise of stock options

31,002

160,823

160,823

Sale of stock and warrants

7,005,027

34,015,320

34,015,320

Research milestone obligation of
 MIF technology

259,202

2,733,023

2,733,023

Conversion of Class B common
 stock

3,375

8,395

(3,375

(8,395

Compensation expense related to
 valuation of stock options granted to employees and
 non-employees for services rendered

34,870

34,870

Unrealized losses on investments in
 securities

(77,826

(77,826

(77,826

BALANCE, SEPTEMBER 30, 2004

23,826,439

134,687,535

(124,405,902

(84,374

10,197,259

(28,232,679

Net loss

(30,606,564

(30,606,564

(30,606,564

Issuance of Class A common
 stock in connection with:

Exercise of warrants

211,486

1,293,339

1,293,339

Exercise of stock options

27,974

125,491

125,491

Sale of stock and warrants

2,525,833

22,765,135

22,765,135

Acquisition of certain contractual
 rights to Zenvia

500,000

5,300,000

5,300,000

Issuance of restricted awards

250,000

3,556,000

(3,555,000

1,000

Amortization of unearned
 compensation

77,856

77,856

Compensation expense related to
 valuation of stock options granted to employees and
 non-employees for services rendered

10,803

10,803

Unrealized losses on investments in
 securities

(29,440

(29,440

(29,440

BALANCE, SEPTEMBER 30, 2005

27,341,732

167,738,303

(155,012,466

(3,477,144

(113,814

9,134,879

(30,636,004

Net loss

(62,552,814

(62,552,814

(62,552,814

Issuance of Class A common
 stock in connection with:

Exercise of warrants

827,575

5,908,997

5,908,997

Exercise of stock options

524,807

3,264,953

3,264,953

Sale of stock and warrants

3,016,122

35,637,905

35,637,905

Issuance of restricted awards

28,000

Common stock surrendered

(29,775

(200,386

(200,386

Elimination of unearned compensation

(3,477,144

3,477,144

Share-based compensation expense

3,120,621

3,120,621

Unrealized gain on investments in
 securities

11,310

11,310

11,310

BALANCE, SEPTEMBER 30, 2006

31,708,461

211,993,249

(217,565,280

(102,504

(5,674,535

(62,541,504

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

F-5

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended September 30, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss

(62,552,814

(30,606,564

(28,154,853

Adjustments to reconcile net loss
 to net cash provided by (used for) operating activities:

Cumulative effect of change in
 accounting principle

3,616,058

Depreciation and amortization

3,871,278

1,852,427

1,826,372

Share-based compensation expense

2,920,234

88,659

34,870

Amortization of debt discount

85,400

Purchased in-process research and
 development

1,300,000

Expense for issuance of common
 stock in connection with the acquisition of additional
 contractual rights to Zenvia

5,300,000

Research milestone obligation paid
 with common stock

2,733,023

Loss on sale and impairment of
 investment

84,252

Loss on disposal of assets

36,985

16,400

162

Intangible assets impaired and
 abandoned

8,222

423,123

Changes in operating assets and
 liabilities:

Receivables

(846,075

(929,775

31,802

Inventory

(510,971

(365,237

201,552

Prepaid expenses and other assets

835,112

(848,219

(9,912

Accounts payable

3,188,980

4,615,629

(300,210

Accrued expenses and other
 liabilities

3,973,998

1,604,136

612,151

Assumed liabilities for returns and
 other discounts

(2,421,092

Accrued compensation and payroll
 taxes

1,333,667

561,863

84,214

Deferred revenue

4,151,115

(1,850,905

(1,733,526

Net cash used for operating
 activities

(41,009,903

(20,054,211

(24,674,355

INVESTING
 ACTIVITIES :

Investments in securities

(65,823,381

(23,448,802

(9,381,391

Proceeds from sales and maturities
 of investments in securities

64,900,275

16,830,113

2,150,000

Acquisition of businesses, net of
 cash acquired

(4,794,029

Patent costs

(1,278,935

(1,156,975

Purchases of property and equipment

(1,663,347

(990,601

(793,913

Net cash used for investing
 activities

(7,380,482

(8,888,225

(9,182,279

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuances of common
 stock and warrants, net of commissions and offering costs

44,811,855

24,184,966

34,624,814

Proceeds from issuances of notes
 payable

359,875

395,244

1,074,570

Payments on notes and capital lease
 obligations

(503,274

(511,714

(547,075

Net cash provided by financing
 activities

44,668,456

24,068,496

35,152,309

Net increase (decrease) in cash and
 cash equivalents

(3,721,929

(4,873,940

1,295,675

Cash and cash equivalents at
 beginning of year

8,620,143

13,494,083

12,198,408

Cash and cash equivalents at end of
 year

4,898,214

8,620,143

13,494,083

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH
 FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest paid

681,122

92,533

34,508

Income taxes paid

2,430

1,912

2,664

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF
 NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Issuance of promissory notes to
 sellers as consideration for the Alamo acquisition, net of
 discount (See Note 4 for other liabilities assumed and
 assets acquired in the acquisition)

24,343,000

Elimination of unearned compensation

3,477,144

Issuance of 250,000 shares of
 restricted Class A common stock for unearned compensation
 cost

3,555,000

Accounts payable and accrued
 expenses for purchases of property and equipment

74,617

242,213

3,951

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

F-6

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 

Description
 of Business 

Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals
 Avanir , 
 we, or the Company is a pharmaceutical
 company focused on developing, acquiring and commercializing
 novel therapeutic products for the treatment for chronic human
 diseases. Our product candidates address therapeutic markets
 that include the central nervous system, cardiovascular
 disorders, inflammatory diseases and infectious diseases.

We currently market FazaClo, (clozapine, USP), the only
 orally-disintegrating formulation of clozapine for the
 management of treatment resistant schizophrenia and reduction in
 the risk of recurrent suicidal behavior in schizophrenia or
 schizoaffective disorders. We acquired FazaClo in the
 acquisition of Alamo Pharmaceuticals, LLC Alamo in
 May 2006. Alamo was a privately owned specialty pharmaceutical
 company that developed and marketed pharmaceutical products with
 a sales force of approximately 41 representatives currently
 marketing FazaClo. In addition to the sales force, Alamo employs
 a FazaClo Patient Registry team that is composed of dedicated
 healthcare, registry, call center, administrative support, data
 management and professional management. See Note 4,
 Alamo Acquisition for further discussion.

Our operations are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
 frequently encountered by companies in the early stages of
 operations, particularly in the evolving market for small
 biotech and specialty pharmaceuticals companies. Such risks and
 uncertainties include, but are not limited to, timing and
 uncertainty of achieving milestones in clinical trials and in
 obtaining approvals by the FDA and regulatory agencies in other
 countries. Our
 ability to generate revenues in the future will depend
 substantially on sales of our marketed product,
 FazaClo ,
 license arrangements, the timing and success of reaching
 development milestones, in obtaining regulatory approvals and
 ultimately market acceptance of
 Zenvia tm 
 (formerly referred to as
 Neurodex tm for the treatment of IEED/PBA, assuming the FDA approves our new
 drug application. Our operating expenses depend substantially on
 the level of expenditures for marketing and sales of FazaClo,
 clinical development activities for Zenvia for the treatment of
 IEED/PBA and diabetic neuropathic pain, and program funding
 authorized by our research partners and the rate of progress
 being made on such programs.

Since our inception through September 30, 2006, the Company has
 reported accumulated net losses of approximately 218 million,
 and recurring negative cash flows from operations. In order to
 maintain sufficient cash and investments to fund future
 operations we will seek to raise additional capital in fiscal
 year 2007 through various financing alternatives. The balance of
 securities available for sale under our existing shelf
 registration was approximately 48.8 million as of
 December 5, 2006. We believe that these anticipated
 offering proceeds plus our cash, cash equivalents and
 unrestricted investments in securities of approximately
 23.9 million at September 30, 2006 as well as
 anticipated future cash flows generated from licensed
 technologies and sales from the shipments of FazaClo, will be
 sufficient to sustain our planned level of operations for at
 least the next 12 months. However, the Company cannot
 provide assurances that our plans will not change, or that
 changed circumstances will not result in the depletion of
 capital resources more rapidly than anticipated. If we are
 unable to generate sufficient cash flows from licensed
 technologies or sales from the shipments of FazaClo and unable
 to raise sufficient capital management believes that planned
 expenditures could be curtailed in order to continue operations
 for the next 12 months.

2. 

Reverse
 Stock Split 

On January 17, 2006, we implemented a
 one-for-four 
 reverse stock split of our common stock. All share and per share
 information herein (including shares outstanding, earnings per
 share and warrant and stock option exercise prices) reflect the
 retrospective adjustment for this reverse stock split.

F-7

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

3. 

Summary
 of Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis
 of presentation 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Alamo
 Pharmaceuticals LLP Alamo from the date of
 acquisition, Xenerex Biosciences, Avanir Holding Company and
 Avanir Acquisition Corp. All intercompany accounts and
 transactions have been eliminated. Certain amounts from prior
 years have been reclassified to conform to the current year
 presentation. Our fiscal year ends on September 30 of each
 year. The years ended September 30, 2006, 2005, and 2004
 may be referred to as fiscal 2006, fiscal 2005 and fiscal 2004,
 respectively.

Management
 estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
 America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
 that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and
 accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those
 estimates.

Purchase
 Price Allocation 

The allocation of purchase price for acquisitions requires
 extensive use of accounting estimates and judgments to allocate
 the purchase price to the identifiable tangible and intangible
 assets acquired, including in-process research and development,
 and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values.
 In fiscal 2006, we completed the acquisition of Alamo
 Pharmaceuticals LLC. See Note 4, Alamo
 Acquisition, for detailed discussion.

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and highly liquid
 investments with maturities of three months or less at the date
 of acquisition.

Restricted
 investments in securities 

We have restricted investments in two securities totaling
 856,597 and 856,872 as of September 30, 2006 and 2005,
 respectively. These restricted investments represent amounts
 pledged to our bank as collateral for letters of credit issued
 in connection with our real estate lease agreements, and are
 classified as
 held-to-maturity 
 and are stated at lower of cost or market. The restricted
 amounts that apply to the terms of the leases are as follows:

Restricted Amount as of 

September 30, 

Lease Term 

Property Location 

2006 

Expires on 

11388 Sorrento Valley Road,
 San Diego

388,122

08/31/08

11404 and 11408 Sorrento Valley
 Road, San Diego

468,475

08/31/12

Total

856,597

Investments 

We account for and report our investments in accordance with
 Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115,
 Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity
 Securities . Investments are comprised of marketable
 securities consisting primarily of certificates of deposit,
 federal, state and municipal government obligations and
 corporate bonds. All marketable securities are held in our name
 and primarily under the custodianship of two major financial
 institutions. Our policy is to protect the principal value of
 our investment portfolio and minimize principal risk. Except for
 restricted investments, our marketable securities are classified
 as
 available-for-sale 
 and stated at fair value, with net unrealized gains or losses
 recorded as a component of

F-8

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

accumulated other comprehensive loss. Short-term investments are
 marketable securities with maturities of less than one year from
 the balance sheet date. Marketable security investments are
 evaluated periodically for impairment. If it is determined that
 a decline of any investment is other than temporary, then the
 investment basis would be written down to fair value and the
 write-down would be included in earnings as a loss.

Concentrations 

Substantially all of our cash and cash equivalents are
 maintained with three major financial institutions in the United
 States. Deposits held with banks may exceed the amount of
 insurance provided on such deposits. Generally, these deposits
 may be redeemed upon demand and, therefore, bear minimal risk.

Financial instruments that potentially subject us to
 concentrations of credit risk consist principally of marketable
 securities, interest rate instruments and accounts receivable.
 The counterparties to our investment securities and interest
 rate instruments are various major corporations and financial
 institutions of high credit standing.

We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers 
 financial conditions and would limit the amount of credit
 extended if deemed necessary but usually we have required no
 collateral.

Allowance
 for doubtful accounts 

We evaluate the collectibility of accounts receivable on a
 regular basis. The allowance is based upon various factors
 including the financial condition and payment history of major
 customers, an overall review of collections experience on other
 accounts and economic factors or events expected to affect our
 future collections experience.

Inventories 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is
 determined on a
 first-in, 
 first-out FIFO basis. We evaluate the carrying
 value of inventories on a regular basis, taking into account
 such factors as historical and anticipated future sales compared
 to quantities on hand, the price we expect to obtain for
 products in their respective markets compared with historical
 cost and the remaining shelf life of goods on hand.

Property
 and Equipment 

Property and equipment, net, is stated at cost less accumulated
 depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is
 computed using the straight-line method over the estimated
 useful life of the asset. Estimated useful lives of three to
 five years are used on computer equipment and related software.
 Office equipment, furniture and fixtures are depreciated over
 five years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed
 using the shorter of the remaining lease term or eight years.
 Leased assets meeting certain capital lease criteria are
 capitalized and the present value of the related lease payments
 is recorded as a liability. Assets under capital lease
 arrangements are depreciated using straight-line method over
 their estimated useful lives or their related lease term,
 whichever is shorter.

Capitalization
 and Valuation of Long-Lived and Intangible Assets 

In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 141, Business Combinations 
 FAS 141 and Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Other
 Intangible Assets FAS 142 ), goodwill
 and intangible assets acquired in a purchase business
 combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life are
 not amortized, but instead are tested for impairment on an
 annual basis or more frequently if certain indicators arise.
 Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price of an acquired
 business over the fair value of the underlying net tangible and
 intangible assets. The Company operates in one segment and
 goodwill is evaluated at the company level as there is only one
 reporting unit. Goodwill is evaluated in the fourth

F-9

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

quarter of each fiscal year. There was no impairment of goodwill
 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006. The Company
 had no goodwill as of September 30, 2005.

Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized over
 their respective useful lives and reviewed for impairment in
 accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal
 of Long-Lived Assets FAS 144 .) The
 method of amortization shall reflect the pattern in which the
 economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed or
 otherwise used up. If that pattern cannot be reliably
 determined, a straight-line amortization method will be used.
 Intangible assets with finite useful lives include product
 rights, customer relationships, trade name, non-compete
 agreement and license agreement, which are being amortized over
 their estimated useful lives ranging from one to 15.5 years.

In accordance with FAS 144, intangible assets and other
 long-lived assets, except for goodwill, are evaluated for
 impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
 that their carrying value may not be recoverable. If the review
 indicates that intangible assets or long-lived assets are not
 recoverable (i.e. the carrying amount is less than the future
 projected undiscounted cash flows), their carrying amount would
 be reduced to fair value. Factors we consider important that
 could trigger an impairment review include the following:

A significant underperformance relative to expected historical
 or projected future operating results;

A significant change in the manner of our use of the acquired
 asset or the strategy for our overall business; and/or

A significant negative industry or economic trend.

Prior to October 1, 2005, intangible assets with finite
 useful lives also include capitalized legal costs incurred in
 connection with approved patents and patent applications
 pending. We amortized costs of patents and patent applications
 pending over their estimated useful lives. For patents pending,
 we amortized the costs over the shorter of a period of twenty
 years from the date of filing the application or, if licensed,
 the term of the license agreement. For patent and patent
 applications pending and trademarks that we abandon, we charge
 the remaining unamortized accumulated costs to expense.

Change
 in Accounting for Patent-Related Costs 

In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006, we changed our method of
 accounting, effective October 1, 2005 for legal costs, all
 of which were external, associated with the application for
 patents. Prior to the change, we expensed as incurred all
 internal costs associated with the application for patents and
 capitalized external legal costs associated with the application
 for patents. Costs of approved patents were amortized over their
 estimated useful lives or if licensed, the terms of the license
 agreement, whichever was shorter, while costs for patents
 pending were amortized over the shorter period of twenty years
 from the date of the filing application or if licensed, the term
 of the license agreement. Amortization expense for these
 capitalized costs was classified as research and development
 expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. Under the
 new method, external legal costs are expensed as incurred and
 classified as research and development expenses in our
 consolidated statements of operations. We believe that this
 change is preferable because it will result in a consistent
 treatment for all costs, that is, under our new method both
 internal and external costs associated with the application for
 patents are expensed as incurred. In addition, the change will
 provide a better comparison with our industry peers. The
 3.6 million cumulative effect of the change on prior years
 as of October 1, 2005 is included as a charge to net loss
 in fiscal 2006, retrospectively applied to the first quarter.
 The effect of the change for fiscal 2006 was to increase the net
 loss by 3.7 million, 3.6 million of which represents
 the cumulative effect of the change on prior years, or
 0.12 per basic and diluted share.

Pro forma amounts assuming the new method for patent-related
 costs was applied retroactively are as follows:

Fiscal 2006 

Fiscal 2005 

Fiscal 2004 

Net loss

(58,936,756

(31,255,373

(29,056,101

Basic and diluted loss per share

(1.92

(1.22

(1.49

F-10

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Deferred
 rent 

We account for rent expense by accumulating total minimum rent
 payments over the lives of the lease agreements and recognize
 the rent as expense on a straight-line basis. The difference
 between the actual amount paid and the amount recorded as rent
 expense in each fiscal year has been recorded as an adjustment
 to deferred rent. The amount classified as deferred rent as of
 September 30, 2006 and 2005 was 681,000 and 598,000,
 respectively.

Fair
 value of financial instruments 

At September 30, 2006 and 2005, our financial instruments
 included cash and cash equivalents, receivables, investments in
 securities, accounts payable, accrued expenses, accrued
 compensation and payroll taxes and long-term borrowings. The
 carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents, receivables,
 accounts payable, accrued expenses and accrued compensation and
 payroll taxes approximates fair value due to the short-term
 maturities of these instruments. Our short- and long-term
 investments in securities are carried at fair value based on
 quoted market prices. The fair value of our notes payable and
 capital lease obligations were estimated based on quoted market
 prices or pricing models using current market rates. At
 September 30, 2006 and 2005, the fair value of our notes
 payable were approximately 25.3 million and 825,000,
 respectively.

Revenue
 recognition 

General. We recognize revenue in accordance
 with the SEC s Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 13
 Topic 13 ), Revenue
 Recognition. Revenue is recognized when all of the
 following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an
 arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred or services
 have been rendered; (3) the seller s price to the
 buyer is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectibility is
 reasonably assured.

Certain product sales are subject to rights of return. For these
 products, our revenue recognition policy is consistent with the
 requirements of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 48, Revenue Recognition When Right of Return
 Exists FAS 48 ).
 FAS 48 states that revenue from sales transactions
 where the buyer has the right to return the product shall be
 recognized at the time of sale only if several criteria are met,
 including that the seller be able to reasonably estimate future
 returns.

Certain revenue transactions include multiple deliverables. We
 allocate revenue to separate elements in multiple element
 arrangements based on the guidance in Emerging Issues Task Force
 No. 00-21 
 EITF
 00-21 ), 
 Accounting for Revenue Arrangements with Multiple
 Deliverables. Revenue is allocated to a delivered
 product or service when all of the following criteria are met:
 (1) the delivered item has value to the customer on a
 standalone basis; (2) there is objective and reliable
 evidence of the fair value of the undelivered item; and
 (3) if the arrangement includes a general right of return
 relative to the delivered item, delivery or performance of the
 undelivered item is considered probable and substantially in our
 control. We use the relative fair values of the separate
 deliverables to allocate revenue.

Revenue Arrangements with Multiple
 Deliverables. We have revenue arrangements
 whereby we deliver to the customer multiple products
 and/or 
 services. Such arrangements have generally included some
 combination of the following: antibody generation services;
 licensed rights to technology, patented products, compounds,
 data and other intellectual property; and research and
 development services. In accordance with EITF
 00-21, we
 analyze our multiple element arrangements to determine whether
 the elements can be separated. We perform our analysis at the
 inception of the arrangement and as each product or service is
 delivered. If a product or service is not separable, the
 combined deliverables will be accounted for as a single unit of
 accounting.

When a delivered product or service (or group of delivered
 products or services) meets the criteria for separation in EITF
 00-21, we
 allocate revenue based upon the relative fair values of each
 element. We determine the fair value of a separate deliverable
 using the price we charge other customers when we sell that
 product or service separately; however if we do not sell the
 product or service separately, we use third-party evidence of
 fair value. We

F-11

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

consider licensed rights or technology to have standalone value
 to our customers if we or others have sold such rights or
 technology separately or our customers can sell such rights or
 technology separately without the need for our continuing
 involvement.

License Arrangements. License arrangements may
 consist of non-refundable upfront license fees, data transfer
 fees, research reimbursement payments, exclusive licensed rights
 to patented or patent pending compounds, technology access fees,
 various performance or sales milestones and future product
 royalty payments. Some of these arrangements are multiple
 element arrangements.

Non-refundable, up-front fees that are not contingent on any
 future performance by us, and require no consequential
 continuing involvement on our part, are recognized as revenue
 when the license term commences and the licensed data,
 technology
 and/or 
 compound is delivered. Such deliverables may include physical
 quantities of compounds, design of the compounds and
 structure-activity relationships, the conceptual framework and
 mechanism of action, and rights to the patents or patents
 pending for such compounds. We defer recognition of
 non-refundable upfront fees if we have continuing performance
 obligations without which the technology, right, product or
 service conveyed in conjunction with the non-refundable fee has
 no utility to the licensee that is separate and independent of
 our performance under the other elements of the arrangement. In
 addition, if we have continuing involvement through research and
 development services that are required because our know-how and
 expertise related to the technology is proprietary to us, or can
 only be performed by us, then such up-front fees are deferred
 and recognized over the period of continuing involvement.

Payments related to substantive, performance-based milestones in
 a research and development arrangement are recognized as revenue
 upon the achievement of the milestones as specified in the
 underlying agreements when they represent the culmination of the
 earnings process.

Research and Development Services. Revenue
 from research and development services is recognized during the
 period in which the services are performed and is based upon the
 number of full-time-equivalent personnel working on the specific
 project at the
 agreed-upon 
 rate. Reimbursements from collaborative partners for agreed upon
 direct costs including direct materials and outsourced, or
 subcontracted, pre-clinical studies are classified as revenue in
 accordance with EITF Issue
 No. 99-19, 
 Reporting Revenue Gross as a Principal versus Net as an
 Agent, and recognized in the period the reimbursable
 expenses are incurred. Payments received in advance are recorded
 as deferred revenue until the research and development services
 are performed or costs are incurred.

Royalty Revenues. We recognize royalty
 revenues from licensed products when earned in accordance with
 the terms of the license agreements. Net sales figures used for
 calculating royalties include deductions for costs of unsaleable
 returns, managed care chargebacks, cash discounts, freight and
 warehousing, and miscellaneous write-offs.

Revenues from Sale of Royalty Rights. When we
 sell our rights to future royalties under license agreements and
 also maintain continuing involvement in earning such royalties,
 we defer recognition of any upfront payments and recognize them
 as revenue over the life of the license agreement. We recognize
 revenue for the sale of an undivided interest of our abreva
 license agreement to Drug Royalty USA under the
 units-of-revenue 
 method. Under this method, the amount of deferred revenue
 to be recognized as revenue in each period is calculated by
 multiplying the following: (1) the ratio of the royalty
 payments due to Drug Royalty USA for the period to the total
 remaining royalties that we expect GlaxoSmithKline will pay Drug
 Royalty USA over the term of the agreement by (2) the
 unamortized deferred revenue amount.

Government Research Grant Revenue. We
 recognize revenues from federal research grants during the
 period in which the related expenditures are incurred.

Product Sales Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient
 Docosanol API Docosanol ). Revenue
 from sales of our API Docosanol is recorded when title and risk
 of loss have passed to the buyer and provided the criteria in
 SAB Topic 13 are met. We sell the API Docosanol to various
 licensees upon receipt of a written order for the

F-12

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

materials. Shipments generally occur fewer than five times a
 year. Our contracts for sales of the API Docosanol include buyer
 acceptance provisions that give our buyers the right of
 replacement if the delivered product does not meet specified
 criteria. That right requires that they give us notice within
 30 days after receipt of the product. We have the option to
 refund or replace any such defective materials; however, we have
 historically demonstrated that the materials shipped from the
 same pre-inspected lot have consistently met the specified
 criteria and no buyer has rejected any of our shipments from the
 same pre-inspected lot to date. Therefore, we recognize revenue
 at the time of delivery without providing any returns reserve.

Product Sales FazaClo. As
 discussed in Note 4, Alamo Acquisition, in the
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, we acquired Alamo
 Pharmaceuticals LLC Alamo on May 24, 2006.
 Alamo has one product, FazaClo (clozapine, USP), that Alamo
 began shipping in July 2004 in 48-pill units. At that time,
 FazaClo had a two-year shelf life. In June 2005, Alamo received
 FDA approval to extend the product expiration date to three
 years. In October 2005, Alamo began to ship 96-pill units and
 accepted returns of unsold or undispensed 48-pill units.

FazaClo is sold primarily to third-party wholesalers that in
 turn sell this product to retail pharmacies, hospitals, and
 other dispensing organizations. Alamo has entered into
 agreements with its wholesale customers, various states,
 hospitals, certain other medical institutions and third-party
 payers throughout the United States. These agreements frequently
 contain commercial incentives, which may include favorable
 product pricing and discounts and rebates payable upon
 dispensing the product to patients. Additionally, these
 agreements customarily provide the customer with rights to
 return the product, subject to the terms of each contract.
 Consistent with pharmaceutical industry practice, wholesale
 customers can return purchased product during an
 18-month 
 period that begins six months prior to the product s
 expiration date and ends 12 months after the expiration
 date. Additionally, some dispensing organizations, such as
 pharmacies and hospitals, have the right to return expired
 product at any time.

At the present time, we are unable to reasonably estimate future
 returns due to the lack of sufficient historical returns data
 for FazaClo. Accordingly, we currently defer recognition of
 revenue on shipments of FazaClo until the right of return no
 longer exists, i.e. when we receive evidence that the products
 have been dispensed to patients. We determine when products are
 dispensed to patients from rebate requests that have been
 submitted to us by various state agencies and others. We are not
 able to estimate how much has been dispensed until we receive
 the rebate requests. Rebate requests are generally received in
 30 to 90 days from the last day of the quarter in which the
 product was dispensed to patients. Since the date of the Alamo
 acquisition (May 24, 2006), we have recorded all rebate
 requests as a reduction of the assumed liabilities for returns
 and discounts which was recorded as part of the acquisition,
 because we believe this method reasonably estimates the matching
 of the initial shipments to the related rebate. Accordingly, no
 FazaClo revenue was recognized in fiscal 2006.

For our FazaClo shipments, we invoice the wholesaler, record
 deferred revenue at gross invoice sales price less estimated
 cash discounts and classify the inventory shipped as inventories
 subject to return. We estimate rebates and other discounts based
 on our historical experience. Net deferred revenues represent
 the sum of all FazaClo shipments subsequent to the acquisition,
 net of estimated rebates, sales returns and chargebacks, for
 which revenue recognition criteria have not been met. Deferred
 rebates, sales returns and chargebacks are included in accrued
 expenses. Sales incentives are also deferred until the related
 product shipments are recognized as revenue. Sales incentives
 are classified as deductions from revenue in accordance with
 EITF Issue
 No. 01-09, 
 Accounting for Consideration Given by a Vendor to a
 Customer (Including a Reseller of the Vendor s
 Products). The cost of product relative to deferred
 revenue has also been deferred and is included in inventories,
 categorized as inventories subject to return.

Cost
 of Revenues 

Cost of revenues includes direct and indirect costs to
 manufacture product sold, including the write-off of obsolete
 inventory, and to provide research and development services.
 Also, classified within cost of product sales is the
 amortization of the acquired FazaClo product rights.

F-13

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Shipping
 and Handling Costs 

We do not charge customers for shipping and handling. We expense
 shipping and handling costs as incurred. Shipping and handling
 costs charged to selling, general and administration expense
 amounted to 29,000, 0 and 0 for fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004,
 respectively.

Recognition
 of Expenses in Outsourced Contracts 

Pursuant to management s assessment of the services that
 have been performed on clinical trials and other contracts, we
 recognize expenses as the services are provided. Such management
 assessments include, but are not limited to: (1) an
 evaluation by the project manager of the work that has been
 completed during the period, (2) measurement of progress
 prepared internally
 and/or 
 provided by the third-party service provider, (3) analyses
 of data that justify the progress, and
 (4) management s judgment. Several of our contracts
 extend across multiple reporting periods, including our largest
 contract, representing a 10.7 million Phase III
 clinical trial contract as of September 30, 2006. A 3 
 variance in our estimate of the work completed in our largest
 contract could increase or decrease our quarterly operating
 expenses by approximately 320,000.

Research
 and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses consist of expenses incurred
 in performing research and development activities including
 salaries and benefits, facilities and other overhead expenses,
 clinical trials, contract services and other outside expenses.
 Research and development expenses are charged to operations as
 they are incurred. Up-front payments to collaborators made in
 exchange for the avoidance of potential future milestone and
 royalty payments on licensed technology are also charged to
 research and development expense when the drug is still in the
 development stage, has not been approved by the FDA for
 commercialization and concurrently has no alternative uses.

We assess our obligations to make milestone payments that may
 become due under licensed or acquired technology to determine
 whether the payments should be expensed or capitalized. We
 charge milestone payments to research and development expense
 when:

The technology is in the early stage of development and has no
 alternative uses;

There is substantial uncertainty regarding the future success of
 the technology or product;

There will be difficulty in completing the remaining
 development; and

There is substantial cost to complete the work.

Acquired in-process research and
 development. In accordance with FAS 141, we
 immediately charge the costs associated with acquired in-process
 research and development IPR to research and
 development expense upon acquisition. These amounts represent an
 estimate of the fair value of purchased IPR&D for projects
 that, as of the acquisition date, had not yet reached
 technological feasibility, had no alternative future use, and
 had uncertainty in receiving future economic benefits from the
 acquired IPR&D. We determine the future economic benefits
 from the acquired IPR&D to be uncertain until such
 technology is approved by the FDA or when other significant risk
 factors are abated. We incurred significant IPR&D expense
 related to the Alamo acquisition. See also Note 4,
 Alamo Acquisition In-Process Research and
 Development. 

Acquired contractual rights. Payments to
 acquire contractual rights to a licensed technology or drug
 candidate are expensed as incurred when there is uncertainty in
 receiving future economic benefits from the acquired contractual
 rights. We consider the future economic benefits from the
 acquired contractual rights to a drug candidate to be uncertain
 until such drug candidate is approved by the FDA or when other
 significant risk factors are abated.

F-14

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Change
 in Accounting Method for Share-Based Compensation 

We adopted the provisions of revised Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 123 FAS 123R ),
 Share-Based Payment, including the provisions
 of Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107
 SAB 107 on October 1, 2005, the first
 day of our fiscal 2006, using the modified prospective
 transition method to account for our employee share-based
 awards. The valuation provisions of FAS 123R apply to new
 awards and to awards that are outstanding at the effective date
 and subsequently modified or cancelled. Estimated compensation
 expense for awards outstanding at the effective date are being
 recognized over the remaining service period using the
 compensation cost calculated for pro forma disclosure purposes
 under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123,
 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation 
 FAS 123 ). Our consolidated financial
 statements as of September 30, 2006 and for the fiscal year
 ended September 30, 2006 reflect the impact of
 FAS 123R. In accordance with the modified prospective
 transition method, our consolidated financial statements for
 prior periods were not restated to reflect, and do not include,
 the impact of FAS 123R.

On November 10, 2005, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position
 No. FAS 123R-3, 
 Transition Election Related to Accounting for Tax
 Effects of Share-Based Payment Awards 
 FAS 123R-3 ). 
 We have elected to adopt the alternative transition method
 provided in
 FAS 123R-3. 
 The alternative transition method includes a simplified method
 to establish the beginning balance of the additional paid-in
 capital pool APIC pool related to the tax effects
 of employee share-based compensation, which is available to
 absorb tax deficiencies recognized subsequent to the adoption of
 FAS 123R.

Share-based compensation expense recognized during a period is
 based on the value of the portion of share-based payment awards
 that is ultimately expected to vest during the period.
 Share-based compensation expense recognized in our consolidated
 statement of operations for fiscal 2006 includes compensation
 expense for share-based payment awards granted prior to, but not
 yet vested as of, September 30, 2005 based on the grant
 date fair value estimated in accordance with the pro forma
 provisions of FAS 123, adjusted for estimated forfeitures,
 and share-based payment awards granted subsequent to
 September 30, 2005 based on the grant date fair value
 estimated in accordance with FAS 123R. For share awards
 granted in fiscal 2006, expenses are amortized under the
 straight-line attribution method. For share awards granted prior
 to fiscal 2006, expenses are amortized under the straight-line
 single option method prescribed by FAS 123. As share-based
 compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statement of
 operations for fiscal 2006 is based on awards ultimately
 expected to vest, it has been reduced for estimated forfeitures.
 FAS 123R requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time
 of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if
 actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Pre-vesting
 forfeitures were estimated to be approximately 8 for both
 officers and directors and 13 for other employees in fiscal
 2006 based on our historical experience. In our pro forma
 information required under FAS 123 for the periods prior to
 fiscal 2006, we accounted for forfeitures as they occurred.

The adoption of FAS 123R resulted in incremental
 share-based compensation expense of 1.5 million in fiscal
 year ended September 30, 2006. The incremental share-based
 compensation caused our loss from continuing operations before
 income taxes, loss from operations and net loss to increase by
 the same amount and the basic and diluted loss per share to
 increase by 0.05 per share. Total compensation expense
 related to all of our share-based awards, recognized under
 FAS 123R, for fiscal 2006 was comprised of the following:

Fiscal 2006 

Selling, general and
 administrative expense

2,514,427

Research and development expense

606,194

Share-based compensation expense
 before taxes

3,120,621

Related income tax benefits

Share-based compensation expense

3,120,621

Net share-based compensation
 expense per common share basic and diluted

(0.10

F-15

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Fiscal 2006 

Share-based compensation expense
 from:

Stock options

1,795,610

Restricted stock awards

1,179,621

Restricted stock units

145,390

Total

3,120,621

Since we have a net operating loss carry-forward as of
 September 30, 2006, no excess tax benefits for the tax
 deductions related to share-based awards were recognized in the
 consolidated statement of operations. Additionally, no
 incremental tax benefits were recognized from stock options
 exercised in fiscal 2006 that would have resulted in a
 reclassification to reduce net cash provided by operating
 activities with an offsetting increase in net cash provided by
 financing activities. Compensation expense relating to employee
 share-based awards was not recognized in fiscal year ended
 September 30, 2005.

Prior to fiscal year 2006, we accounted for share-based awards
 to employees using the intrinsic value method in accordance with
 Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25,
 Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees and
 related interpretations and provided the required pro forma
 disclosures of FAS 123.

The following table summarizes the pro forma effect on our net
 loss and per share data if we had applied the fair value
 recognition provisions of FAS 123 to share-based employee
 compensation for fiscal 2005 and 2004.

Fiscal 2005 

Fiscal 2004 

Net loss, as reported

(30,606,564

(28,154,853

Add: Share-based employee
 compensation expense

77,856

24,069

Deduct: Total share-based employee
 compensation expense determined under fair value based method
 for all awards

(1,777,838

(1,026,844

Pro forma net loss

(32,306,546

(29,157,628

Net loss per share:

Basic and diluted as
 reported

(1.19

(1.44

Basic and diluted pro
 forma

(1.26

(1.50

For employee stock options granted in fiscal 2005 and 2004, we
 determined pro forma compensation expense under the provisions
 of FAS 123 using the Black-Scholes model and the following
 assumptions: (1) an expected volatility of 95 and 133 ,
 respectively, (2) an expected term of 3.4 years,
 (3) a risk-free interest rate of 3.8 and 2.4 ,
 respectively, and (4) an expected dividend yield of 0 . The
 weighted average fair value of options granted in fiscal 2005
 and 2004 was 11.36 and 7.24 per share, respectively.

We account for stock options granted to non-employees in
 accordance with Emerging Issues Task Force
 No. 96-18, 
 Accounting for Equity Instruments That Are Issued to
 Other Than Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with
 Selling, Goods or Services, 
 EITF 96-18 ). 
 Under
 EITF 96-18, 
 we determine the fair value of the stock options granted as
 either the fair value of the consideration received or the fair
 value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more
 reliably measurable.

Restructuring
 Expense 

We record costs and liabilities associated with exit and
 disposal activities, as defined in Statements of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 146, Accounting for Costs
 Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities 
 FAS 146 ), at fair value in the period the
 liability is incurred. In periods subsequent to initial
 measurement, changes to a liability are measured using the
 credit-adjusted risk-free rate applied in the initial period. In
 fiscal

F-16

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2006, we recorded costs and liabilities for exit and disposal
 activities related to a relocation plan, including a decision to
 discontinue occupying certain leased office and laboratory
 facilities, in accordance with FAS 146. The liability is
 evaluated and adjusted as appropriate on at least a quarterly
 basis for changes in circumstances. Please refer to Note 5,
 Relocation of Commercial and General and Administrative
 Operations for further information.

Advertising
 expenses 

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred, and these costs are
 included in selling, general and administrative expenses.
 Advertising costs were 1.3 million, 61,000 and 0 for
 fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

Income
 taxes 

We account for income taxes and the related accounts under the
 liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
 determined based on the differences between the financial
 statement carrying amounts and the income tax bases of assets
 and liabilities. A valuation allowance is applied against any
 net deferred tax asset if, based on available evidence, it is
 more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets
 will not be realized.

Comprehensive
 loss 

Comprehensive loss is defined as the change in equity of a
 business enterprise during a period from transactions and other
 events and circumstances from non-owner sources, including
 foreign currency translation adjustments and unrealized gains
 and losses on marketable securities. We present an accumulated
 other comprehensive loss in our consolidated statements of
 shareholders (deficit) equity and comprehensive loss.

Computation
 of net loss per common share 

Basic net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss
 by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding
 during the period Basic EPS Method ). Diluted net
 loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the
 weighted-average number of common and dilutive common equivalent
 shares outstanding during the period Diluted EPS
 Method ). In the loss periods, the shares of common stock
 issuable upon exercise of stock options and warrants are
 excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share, as
 their effect is anti-dilutive. For fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004,
 194,665, 250,000 and 0 restricted shares, respectively, of
 Class A common stock with a right of repurchase have been
 excluded from the computation of basic net loss per share,
 because the right of repurchase for these restricted shares has
 not lapsed.

For fiscal 2006, 2005, and 2004, the following options and
 warrants to purchase shares of common stock, restricted stock
 awards and restricted stock units were excluded from the
 computation of diluted net loss per share, as the inclusion of
 such shares would be antidilutive:

Fiscal 2006 

Fiscal 2005 

Fiscal 2004 

Stock options

1,587,070

1,600,034

1,313,398

Stock warrants

269,305

1,122,047

1,333,539

Restricted stock awards

29,250

Restricted stock units

51,480

Recent
 accounting pronouncements 

Financial Accounting Standards No. 154
 FAS 154 ). In May 2005, the FASB
 issued FAS 154, Accounting Changes and Error
 Corrections. FAS 154 establishes retrospective
 application as the required method for reporting a change in
 accounting principle in the absence of explicit transition
 requirements specific to the newly adopted accounting principle.
 FAS 154 also provides guidance for determining whether
 retrospective application of a change in accounting principle is
 impracticable and for reporting a change when retrospective
 application is

F-17

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

impracticable. FAS 154 is effective for accounting changes
 and corrections of errors made in fiscal years beginning after
 December 15, 2005. We do not expect the adoption of
 FAS 154 to significantly affect our financial condition or
 results of operations.

Financial Accounting Standards No. 155
 FAS 155 ). In February 2006, the
 FASB issued FAS 155, Accounting for Certain Hybrid
 Financial Instruments, an amendment of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 133, Accounting for
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 FAS 133 and Financial Accounting
 Standards No. 140, Accounting for Transfers and
 Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of
 Liabilities FAS 140 ). With respect
 to FAS 133, FAS 155 simplifies accounting for certain
 hybrid financial instruments by permitting fair value
 remeasurement for any hybrid financial instrument that contains
 an embedded derivative that otherwise would require bifurcation
 and eliminates the interim guidance in Statement 133
 Implementation Issue No. D1, Application of
 Statement 133 to Beneficial Interests in Securitized
 Financial Assets, which provided that beneficial
 interests in securitized financial assets are not subject to the
 provision of FAS 133. With respect to FAS 140,
 FAS 155 eliminates a restriction on the passive derivative
 instruments that a qualifying special-purpose entity may hold.
 FAS 155 is effective for all financial instruments acquired
 or issued after the beginning of an entity s first fiscal
 year that begins after September 15, 2006. We do not expect
 the adoption of FAS 155 to significantly affect our
 financial condition or results of operations.

FASB Interpretation No. 48
 FIN 48 ). In July 2006, the FASB
 issued FIN 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in
 Income Taxes which prescribes a recognition threshold
 and measurement process for recording in the financial
 statements uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken
 in a tax return. Additionally, FIN 48 provides guidance on
 derecognition, classification, accounting in interim periods and
 disclosure requirements for uncertain tax positions. The
 accounting provisions of FIN 48 will be effective for us
 beginning October 1, 2007. We are in the process of
 determining the effect, if any, the adoption of FIN 48 will
 have on our financial statements.

Financial Accounting Standards No. 157
 FAS 157 ). In September 2006,
 the FASB issued FAS 157, Fair Value
 Measurements. FAS 157 defines fair value,
 established a framework for measuring fair value in generally
 accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and expands disclosures
 about fair value measurements. FAS 157 is effective for
 financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
 November 15, 2007. We do not expect the adoption of
 FAS 157 to significantly affect our financial condition or
 results of operations.

Financial Accounting Standards No. 158
 FAS 158 ). In September 2006,
 the FASB issued FAS 158, Employers 
 Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement
 Plans-an Amendment of FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106 and
 132(R). FAS 158 requires an employer to recognize
 the overfunded or underfunded status of a defined benefit
 postretirement plan (other than a multiemployer plan) as an
 asset or liability in its statement of financial position and to
 recognize the changes in that funded status in the year in which
 the changes occur through comprehensive income of a business
 entity or changes in unrestricted net assets of a
 not-for-profit 
 organization. FAS 158 is effective for us as of the end of
 the fiscal year ending after December 15, 2006. We do not
 expect the adoption of FAS 158 to significantly affect our
 financial condition or results of operations.

Staff Accounting Bulleting No. 108
 SAB 108 ). In September 2006,
 the SEC released SAB 108 to address diversity in practice
 regarding consideration of the effects of prior year errors when
 quantifying misstatements in current year financial statements.
 The SEC staff concluded that registrants should quantify
 financial statement errors using both a balance sheet approach
 and an income statement approach and evaluate whether either
 approach results in quantifying a misstatement that, when all
 relevant quantitative and qualitative factors are considered, is
 material. SAB 108 states that if correcting an error
 in the current year materially affects the current year s
 income statement, the prior period financial statements must be
 restated. SAB 108 is effective for fiscal years ending
 after November 15, 2006. We do not expect the adoption of
 SAB 108 to significantly affect our financial condition or
 results of operations.

FASB Staff Position
 No. FAS 123R-5 
 FAS 123R-5 ). In
 October 2006, the FASB issued
 FAS 123R-5, 
 Amendment of FASB Staff Position
 FAS 123R-1, 
 to address whether a modification of an instrument in connection

F-18

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

with an equity restructuring should be considered a modification
 for purposes of applying
 FAS 123R-1, 
 Classification and Measurement of Freestanding
 Financial Instruments Originally Issued in Exchange for Employee
 Services under FASB Statement
 No. FAS 123(R). The provisions in
 FAS 123R-5 
 are effective for us in the quarter beginning January 1,
 2007. We do not expect the adoption of
 FAS 123R-5 
 to significantly affect our financial condition or results of
 operations.

4. 

Alamo
 Acquisition 

On May 24, 2006, pursuant to a Unit Purchase Agreement
 dated May 22, 2006 (the Acquisition Agreement ),
 we acquired all of the outstanding equity interests in Alamo
 from the former members of Alamo (the Selling
 Holders for approximately 30.0 million in
 consideration, consisting of approximately 4.0 million in
 cash, 25.1 million in promissory notes and 912,000 in
 acquisition related transaction costs. The purchase price
 exceeded the net assets acquired resulting in the recognition of
 22.1 million goodwill. The results of operations of Alamo
 have been included in our consolidated financial statements
 since the date of acquisition.

We also agreed to pay up to an additional 39,450,000 in
 revenue-based earn-out payments, based on future sales of
 FazaClo (clozapine USP), Alamo s orally disintegrating drug
 for the treatment of refractory schizophrenia. These earn-out
 payments are based on FazaClo sales in the United States from
 the closing date of the acquisition through December 31,
 2018 (the Contingent Payment Period and are payable
 to the Selling Holders as follows:

A promissory note that would have been issuable in the principal
 amount of 4,000,000 if FazaClo sales, as reported by IMS Health
 Incorporated, for each of the months of April and May 2006
 exceeded 1,266,539. Since the closing of the acquisition, we
 have determined that FazaClo sales for the months April and May
 2006 did not satisfy this condition and thus this promissory
 note will not be issued pursuant to this contingency.

If the preceding condition is not satisfied, then (A) a
 promissory note, in the principal amount of 2,000,000, payable
 one time if monthly FazaClo net product sales, as reported by
 us, exceed 1,000,000 for each of the three months in a given
 fiscal quarter during the Contingent Payment Period, and
 (B) an additional promissory note in the principal amount
 of 2,000,000, payable one time if monthly FazaClo net product
 sales, as reported by us, exceed 1,500,000 for each of the
 three months in a given fiscal quarter during the Contingent
 Payment Period. As discussed in Note 3, Summary of
 Significant Accounting Policies Revenue
 Recognition Product Sales 
 FazaClo, all revenue from FazaClo shipments since
 acquisition date are deferred; therefore, monthly FazaClo net
 product sales in the quarter ended September 30, 2006 did
 not meet these conditions at September 30, 2006.

A one-time cash payment of 10,450,000 if FazaClo net product
 sales, as reported by us, exceed 40.0 million over four
 consecutive fiscal quarters during the Contingent Payment Period.

A one-time cash payment of 25,000,000 if FazaClo net product
 sales, as reported by us, exceed 50.0 million over four
 consecutive fiscal quarters during the Contingent Payment Period.

Any of these additional revenue-based earn-out payments that are
 ultimately paid upon satisfying the contingent conditions above
 will be treated as additional consideration and recorded as
 goodwill.

We have also agreed to pay the Selling Holders one-half of all
 net licensing revenues that we received during the Contingent
 Payment Period from licenses of FazaClo outside of the United
 States Non-US Licensing Revenues ). Any amounts paid
 to the Selling Holders on Non-US Licensing Revenues will be
 recognized in the consolidated statement of operations in the
 period such amounts are paid.

F-19

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Purchase
 Price Allocation 

In accordance with FAS 141, we allocated the total purchase
 price to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets
 acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair
 values as of the date of acquisition, using the purchase method
 of accounting. The components of the purchase price allocation
 are as follows:

Purchase price:

Cash paid at closing

4,040,000

Estimated fair value of notes
 payable issued

24,343,000

Transaction costs

911,536

29,294,536

Allocation:

Net tangible assets acquired:

Cash

157,507

Accounts receivable

1,026,740

Inventories

2,297,117

Property and equipment

1,845,077

Other assets

423,457

Identifiable intangible assets
 acquired:

Product rights

7,200,000

In-process research and development

1,300,000

Customer relationships

2,900,000

Trade name

400,000

Non-compete agreement

160,000

Goodwill

22,110,328

Total assets acquired

39,820,226

Liabilities assumed:

Accounts payable and accrued
 expenses

(3,611,653

Assumed liabilities for returns
 and other discounts

(6,401,321

Capital lease obligations

(512,716

Total liabilities assumed

(10,525,690

29,294,536

F-20

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The following are the estimated amortization percentages by year
 for amortizable intangible assets:

Customer 

Non-Compete 

Year: 

Product Rights 

Relationships 

Trade Name 

Agreements 

1

14

15

8 

100

2

15

22

9 

3

15

18

8 

4

14

13

9 

5

14

9

8 

6

14

8

9 

7

14

8

8 

8

7

9 

9

8 

10

9 

11

8 

12

8 

None of the goodwill will be deductible for tax purposes.

Pursuant to EITF
 01-3, 
 Accounting in a Business Combination for Deferred
 Revenue of an Acquiree, we did not assume Alamo s
 deferred revenue balance as of the acquisition date, and
 accordingly will not record revenue associated with product that
 was shipped prior the acquisition date. However, in connection
 with the acquisition, we assumed an obligation for future
 product returns, chargebacks, rebates, discounts and royalties
 associated with pre-acquisition shipments of FazaClo. As such,
 we recorded preliminary estimated liabilities for such returns
 and other discounts based on our estimate of the fair values of
 the liabilities at the acquisition date, which is classified as
 Assumed Liabilities for Returns and Other Discounts in the
 accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

The purchase price allocation shown above differs from the
 initial preliminary purchase price recorded in the third quarter
 ended June 30, 2006 primarily due to an increase of
 goodwill of 22.1 million and a corresponding reduction in
 value of identifiable intangible assets acquired. We acquired
 Alamo for the purpose of acquiring the sales force and a product
 that showed potentially greater sales opportunity with enhanced
 marketing and promotion. The value of the sales force is
 encompassed in goodwill. The lower allocation to intangible
 assets reflects a higher risk-adjusted discount rate for the
 identifiable intangible assets than other assets purchased in
 the transaction, which lowered the fair values of the intangible
 assets acquired and increased the residual being applied to
 goodwill.

The fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
 were determined in accordance with FAS 141 and are
 substantially finalized. We may adjust certain elements of the
 purchase price which are still considered to be a preliminary
 allocation. This will be done after obtaining additional
 information about the amount and type of FazaClo product in the
 distribution channel as of the purchase date in order to
 appropriately determine the reserve for product returns and the
 resulting effect on goodwill. We are working with our key
 wholesalers to obtain this information. We expect this will
 occur by the second quarter of fiscal 2007, at which time we
 will finalize the purchase price allocation. Liabilities assumed
 in connection with the acquisition and subject to change and
 that could impact the purchase price allocation include product
 returns due to expired or changed product formulation,
 manufacturing technology and packaging, chargebacks from
 wholesalers, and rebates. These amounts comprise the balance of
 assumed liabilities for returns and other discounts in the
 accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of September 30,
 2006.

Identifiable
 Intangible Assets 

We determined fair values of identifiable intangible assets
 acquired based on estimates and assumptions by management on
 projected sales and product returns, rebates, chargebacks and
 discounts. Identifiable intangible

F-21

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

assets acquired represent expected benefits of the FazaClo
 product rights (see Note 17, Research and Licensing
 Agreements CIMA Labs Inc. Royalty Agreement ),
 customer relationships, trade name and non-compete agreement.
 The fair values of the customer relationships, technology, trade
 name and covenants not to compete were determined using an
 income approach and discounted cash flow DCF techniques. The fair value of the software registry and
 assembled workforce were determined using a cost approach. The
 remaining goodwill value of the Company was determined using a
 residual approach, by comparing the total fair market value of
 the assumed liabilities and equity consideration paid less the
 fair value of the tangible and identified intangible assets.

The identifiable intangible assets are being amortized, with the
 annual amortization amount based on the rate of consumption of
 the expected benefits of the intangible, if identifiable, or the
 straight-line method over the remaining estimated economic life
 ranging from one to 12 years if the rate of consumption of
 the expected benefits cannot be reasonably determined otherwise.

In-Process
 Research and Development 

We evaluated research and development projects including new
 manufacturing technology for FazaClo under development by CIMA
 Labs. As the basis for identifying whether or not the
 development projects represented in-process research and
 development IPR ), we conducted an evaluation
 in the context of FASB Interpretation 4 FIN 4:
 Applicability of FASB Statement No. 2 to Business
 Combinations Accounted for by the Purchase Method ). In
 accordance with these provisions, we examined the research and
 development projects to determine whether any alternative future
 uses existed. Such evaluation consisted of a specific review of
 the efforts, including the overall objectives of the project,
 progress toward the objectives, and the uniqueness of the
 developments of these objectives as well as our intended use of
 the developments. Further, we reviewed each development project
 to determine whether technological feasibility had been
 achieved. Based on our analysis, we determined that the DuraSolv
 technology, a certain technology being developed in
 collaboration with CIMA Labs for manufacturing FazaClo, was
 IPR&D. We expect to begin generating material positive cash
 flows from the technology in the second half of 2007, assuming
 the FDA approves the use of the technology for manufacturing
 FazaClo.

In order to estimate the fair value of the DuraSolv technology,
 we used the relief from royalty valuation approach on
 incremental product revenues that could result from
 manufacturing with such technology. The fair value of the
 IPR&D is determined by measuring the present value of the
 after-tax cash flows from revenues from such technology based on
 an appropriate technology royalty rate applied over 12 years
 commencing after FDA approval (if approved), discounted of a
 risk-adjusted rate of 29 . DuraSolv technology allows for the
 product to be packaged in a bottle, which is more convenient to
 open than the current blister packaging for FazaClo. We expect
 to use the DuraSolv manufacturing technology to replace the
 current OraSolv technology for manufacturing FazaClo, assuming
 the manufacturing process is approved by the FDA. We determined
 the future economic benefits from the purchased IPR&D to be
 uncertain because such technology has not been approved by the
 FDA. No material change in pricing or manufacturing cost is
 anticipated. As DuraSolv was determined to be IPR&D, the
 estimated fair value of DuraSolv of 1.3 million was
 expensed in fiscal 2006, under guidelines in FAS 141.

F-22

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Pro
 Forma Results of Operations 

The following unaudited financial information presents the pro
 forma results of operations and gives effect to the Alamo
 acquisition as if the acquisition was consummated at the
 beginning of fiscal 2005. This information is presented for
 informational purposes only, and is not intended to be
 indicative of any expected results of operations for future
 periods, or the results of operations that actually would have
 been realized if the acquisition had in fact occurred as of the
 beginning of fiscal 2005.

Fiscal 2006 

Fiscal 2005 

Pro forma net revenues(1)

17,503,000

18,522,000

Pro forma loss before cumulative
 effect of change in accounting principle(2)

(62,963,000

(56,307,000

Pro forma net loss(2)

(66,579,000

(56,307,000

Pro forma loss per basic and
 diluted share:

Loss before cumulative effect of
 change in accounting principle

(2.06

(2.20

Net loss

(2.17

(2.20

Shares used for basic and diluted
 computation

30,634,872

25,617,432

(1) 

In accordance with the provisions of EITF
 01-3 we did
 not assume Alamo s reported deferred revenue balance as of
 the acquisition date and accordingly will not record revenue
 associated with such deferred revenue, resulting in lower net
 revenues in the periods following the merger than Alamo would
 have achieved as a separate company. 

(2) 

Pro forma net loss for the periods presented included the
 following pro forma adjustments: 

Amortization of identifiable intangible assets,

Interest expense associated with the notes payable issued as
 part of purchase price,

Elimination of interest expense associated with Alamo s
 historical debt that was not assumed by us in the acquisition,

Reduction of interest income by an amount determined by applying
 the average rate of return for the respective periods to the
 decrease in our cash balance of 4.0 million used to fund
 the acquisition,

Amortization of discount associated with the notes
 payable, and

The charge of 1.3 million purchased IPR&D is not
 included in the pro forma results of operations. The purchase
 IPR&D is a one-time charge directly related to the
 acquisition and does not have a continuing impact on our future
 operations.

5. 

Relocation
 of Commercial and General and Administrative
 Operations 

On May 4, 2006, our Board of Directors authorized the
 relocation of our commercial and general and administrative
 operations (the Relocation Plan ). During fiscal
 2006, we expanded our sales and marketing operations and began
 relocating all operations other than research and development
 from San Diego, California to Aliso Viejo, California. The
 Relocation Plan included decisions to enter into a lease for new
 office facilities in Aliso Viejo, to discontinue occupying
 approximately 30,000 square feet of office and laboratory
 buildings in San Diego under an operating lease to us
 BC Sorrento Lease and relocate certain commercial
 and general and administrative positions.

In May 2006, we entered into a lease for the Aliso Viejo
 facilities and are in possession of approximately
 9,245 square feet under the lease agreement as of
 September 30, 2006. See Note 14, Commitments and
 Contingencies Operating Lease Commitments for
 further discussion. In connection with the Relocation Plan, we
 anticipate that we will incur estimated total restructuring
 charges of 420,000 relating to one-time termination

F-23

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

and relocation benefits and 984,000 relating to a lease
 restructuring liability. In fiscal 2006, we recorded
 restructuring and other related expenses of 515,000, consisting
 of 237,000 for employee severance and relocation benefits and
 278,000 of the lease restructuring liability.

The following table presents the cumulative restructuring
 activities through September 30, 2006:

Charge for 

Twelve Months Ended 

Payments in Fiscal 

Accruals As of 

September 30, 2006 

2006 

September 30, 2006 

Employee severance and relocation
 benefits

237,050

237,050

Lease restructuring liability

277,627

(3,629

273,998

Balance, September 30, 2006

514,677

(3,629

511,048

6. 

Investments
 in Securities 

The following tables summarize our investments in securities,
 all of which are classified as
 available-for-sale 
 except for restricted investments, which are classified as
 held-to-maturity. 

Gross 

Gross 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses(1) 

Value 

As of September 30, 2006:

Certificates of deposit

856,597

856,597

Government debt securities

19,097,766

(102,504

18,995,262

Total

19,954,363

(102,504

19,851,859

Reported as:

Short-term investments:

Classified as
 available-for-sale 

16,778,267

Long-term investments:

Classified as
 available-for-sale 

2,216,995

Restricted investments(2)

856,597

Long-term investments

3,073,592

Total

19,851,859

F-24

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Gross 

Gross 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses(1) 

Value 

As of September 30, 2005:

Certificates of deposit

956,872

48

956,920

Government debt securities

18,074,385

(113,862

17,960,523

Total

19,031,257

48

(113,862

18,917,443

Reported as:

Short-term investments:

Classified as
 available-for-sale 

14,215,005

Long-term investments:

Classified as
 available-for-sale 

3,845,566

Restricted investments(2)

856,872

Long-term investments

4,702,438

Total

18,917,443

(1) 

Unrealized loss is reported as accumulated other
 comprehensive loss on the consolidated balance sheets. 

(2) 

Restricted investments represent amounts pledged to our bank as
 collateral for letters of credit issued in connection with our
 leases of office and laboratory space. 

Gross realized loss for fiscal 2005 was 6,240. There were no
 realized gains or losses for fiscal 2006 and 2004.

7. 

Receivables,
 Net 

Receivables as of September 30, 2006 and 2005 consist of
 the following:

2006 

2005 

Accounts receivable

1,966,164

60,391

Unbilled receivables

908,284

1,010,902

Other receivables

178,619

126,460

3,053,067

1,197,753

Allowance for doubtful accounts

(10,599

(28,099

Receivables, net of allowances

3,042,468

1,169,654

F-25

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

8. 

Inventories 

Inventories include FazaClo product and active pharmaceutical
 ingredients docosanol as of September 30, 2006 and
 docosanol only as of September 30, 2005, with the following
 carrying amounts as of those dates:

2006 

2005 

Finished goods

1,642,208

Raw materials

923,822

374,539

Work in progress

80,580

Inventories subject to return

536,017

Total inventories

3,182,627

374,539

Less: current portion

(2,835,203

(27,115

Long-term portion

347,424

347,424

Inventories subject to return represent the costs of FazaClo
 product shipped to customers that have not been recognized as
 cost of product sales based on our revenue recognition policies.
 See Note 3, Significant Accounting
 Policies Revenue Recognition Product
 Sales, FazaClo, for further discussion.

9. 

Property
 and Equipment 

Property and equipment as of September 30, 2006 and 2005
 consist of the following:

2006 

2005 

Gross 

Gross 

Carrying 

Accumulated 

Carrying 

Accumulated 

Value 

Depreciation 

Net 

Value 

Depreciation 

Net 

Research and development equipment

4,210,214

(3,134,970

1,075,244

3,903,735

(2,567,843

1,335,892

Computer equipment and related
 software

2,207,370

(872,592

1,334,778

1,038,390

(565,137

473,253

Leasehold improvements

5,826,441

(3,665,799

2,160,642

5,583,177

(1,641,485

3,941,692

Office equipment, furniture and
 fixtures

1,293,775

(453,547

840,228

558,911

(305,221

253,690

Automobiles

499,275

(124,157

375,118

Manufacturing equipment

261,719

261,719

Total property and equipment

14,298,794

(8,251,065

6,047,729

11,084,213

(5,079,686

6,004,527

Depreciation expense associated with property and equipment was
 3.3 million, 1.6 million and 1.6 million for
 fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. In connection with the
 Relocation Plan as discussed in Note 5, Relocation of
 Commercial and General and Administrative Operations, we
 revised the estimated remaining economic lives of the leasehold
 improvements in the buildings under the BC Sorrento Lease and
 recorded an additional depreciation expense of 1.3 million
 in fiscal 2006.

At September 30, 2006 and 2005, scientific equipment
 acquired under capital leases totaled 601,000 and 601,000,
 respectively, with accumulated depreciation of 529,000 and
 427,000, respectively. Depreciation expense associated with
 scientific equipment acquired under capital leases was 102,000,
 106,000 and 106,000

F-26

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

for fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. In connection with
 the Alamo acquisition in May 2006, we acquired automobiles under
 capital leases totaled 499,000 with accumulated depreciation of
 124,000 at September 30, 2006. Depreciation expense
 associated with automobiles acquired under capital leases was
 124,000.

10. 

Intangible
 Assets and Goodwill 

Intangible Assets. Intangible assets,
 consisting of both intangible assets with finite and indefinite
 useful lives as of September 30, 2006 and 2005, are as
 follows:

2006 

Gross 

Weighted Average 

Carrying 

Accumulated 

Amortization Period 

Value 

Amortization 

Net 

(in Years) 

Intangible assets with finite
 lives:

FazaClo product rights

7,200,000

(365,144

6,834,856

7

Customer relationships

2,900,000

(156,200

2,743,800

8

Trade name

400,000

(11,833

388,167

12

Non-compete agreement

160,000

(56,800

103,200

1

Licenses

42,461

(20,160

22,301

15.5

Total intangible assets with
 finite lives

10,702,461

(610,137

10,092,324

7.4

Intangible assets with indefinite
 useful lives

21,005

21,005

Total intangible assets

10,723,466

(610,137

10,113,329

2005 

Gross 

Weighted Average 

Carrying 

Accumulated 

Amortization Period 

Value 

Amortization 

Net 

(in Years) 

Intangible assets with finite
 lives:

Patent applications pending

3,029,127

(336,457

2,692,670

20.0

Patents

1,429,532

(506,144

923,388

15.4

Licenses

42,461

(17,904

24,557

15.5

Total intangible assets with
 finite lives

4,501,120

(860,505

3,640,615

18.5

Intangible assets with indefinite
 useful lives

24,471

24,471

Total intangible assets

4,525,591

(860,505

3,665,086

In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006, we changed our method of
 accounting, effective October 1, 2005 for legal costs, all
 of which were external, associated with the application for
 patents. Prior to the change, we expensed as incurred all
 internal costs associated with the application for patents and
 capitalized external legal costs associated with the application
 for patents. Costs of approved patents were amortized over their
 estimated useful lives or if licensed, the terms of the license
 agreement, whichever was shorter, while costs for patents
 pending were amortized over the shorter period of twenty years
 from the date of the filing application or if licensed, the term
 of the license agreement. Amortization expense for these
 capitalized costs was classified as research and development
 expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. Under the
 new method, external legal costs are expensed as incurred and
 classified as research and development expenses in our
 consolidated statements of operations. We believe that this
 change is preferable because it will result in a consistent
 treatment for all costs, that is, under our new method both
 internal and external costs associated with the application for
 patents are expensed as incurred. In addition, the change will
 provide a better comparison with our industry peers. The
 3.6 million cumulative effect of the change

F-27

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

on prior years as of October 1, 2005 is included as a
 charge to net loss in fiscal 2006, retrospectively applied to
 the first quarter. The effect of the change for fiscal 2006 was
 to increase the net loss by 3.7 million, 3.6 million
 of which represents the cumulative effect of the change on prior
 years, or 0.12 per basic and diluted share. See
 Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting
 Policies Change in Accounting for Patent-Related
 Costs for detailed discussion.

During fiscal 2006, FazaClo product rights (see Note 17,
 Research and Licensing Agreements CIMA Labs
 Inc. Royalty Agreement ), customer relationships, a trade
 name and a non-compete agreement were acquired in connection
 with the Alamo Acquisition. During fiscal 2005, there were
 additions of 1.3 million in capitalized patent and patent
 pending costs.

Amortization expense related to amortizable intangible assets
 was 592,000, 226,000 and 253,000 for fiscal 2006, 2005, and
 2004, respectively. Charges for intangible assets abandoned and
 impaired for fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004 were 8,000, 423,000
 and 0, respectively. Charges for patents and patent
 applications pending abandoned and impaired in fiscal 2005 and
 2004 were included in research and development expense in our
 consolidated statements of operations. Charges for trademarks
 abandoned are included in selling, general and administrative
 expense in our consolidated statements of operations.

Estimated amortization expense of intangible assets for fiscal
 years ending September 30 are as follows:

Amortization Expense 

Fiscal year ending
 September 30:

2007

1,681,000

2008

1,665,000

2009

1,525,000

2010

1,386,000

2011

1,304,000

Thereafter

2,531,000

Total

10,092,000

Goodwill. In connection with the Alamo
 acquisition, we recognized 22.1 million goodwill in fiscal
 2006 (see Note 4, Alamo Acquisition ).

11. 

Accrued
 Expenses and Other Liabilities 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities at September 30,
 2006 and 2005 are as follows:

2006 

2005 

Accrued returns, rebates and other
 discounts

2,371,703

Accrued research and development
 expenses

3,947,191

1,909,229

Accrued sales and marketing
 expenses

2,354,344

1,065,229

Deferred rent

680,730

597,551

Other

503,671

522,286

Total

9,857,639

4,094,295

12. 

Assumed
 Liabilities for Returns and Other Discounts 

In connection with the Alamo Acquisition, we assumed outstanding
 obligations for future product returns, chargebacks, rebates,
 discounts and royalties associated with pre-acquisition
 shipments of FazaClo. As such, we recorded liabilities in the
 amount of 6.4 million for such returns and other discounts
 based on estimated fair value

F-28

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

at the acquisition date. The following table sets forth the
 assumed liabilities for returns and other discounts as of
 September 30, 2006:

Balance, at acquisition date

6,401,321

Payments for returns and other
 discounts

(2,421,092

Balance, at September 30, 2006

3,980,229

13. 

Net
 Deferred Revenues 

The following table sets forth as of September 30, 2006 the
 net deferred revenue balances for our sale of future
 abreva 
 royalty rights to Drug Royalty USA, FazaClo product shipments
 and other agreements.

FazaClo 

Drug Royalty 

Product 

Other 

USA Agreement 

Shipments, Net 

Agreements 

Total 

Net deferred revenues as of
 October 1, 2005

19,049,877

108,333

19,158,210

Changes during the period:

Shipments, net

3,955,150

3,955,150

License fees

2,288,638

2,288,638

Recognized as revenues during
 period

(1,937,964

(154,709

(2,092,673

Net deferred revenues as of
 September 30, 2006

17,111,913

3,955,150

2,242,262

23,309,325

Classified and reported as:

Current portion of deferred
 revenues,

1,981,799

3,955,150

1,655,614

7,592,563

Deferred revenues, net of current
 portion

15,130,114

586,648

15,716,762

Total deferred revenues

17,111,913

3,955,150

2,242,262

23,309,325

FazaClo Product The amount of deferred
 revenues from FazaClo product shipments is shown net of
 estimated rebates, returns and chargebacks. The amount that
 ultimately will be recognized as net revenues in our
 consolidated financial statements may be different. See
 Note 3, Significant Accounting Policies 
 Revenue Recognition Product Sales, FazaClo, 
 for further discussion.

Drug Royalty Agreement In December 2002, we
 sold to Drug Royalty USA an undivided interest in our rights to
 receive future abreva royalties under the license agreement with
 GlaxoSmithKline for 24.1 million (the Drug Royalty
 Agreement and the GlaxoSmithKline License
 Agreement, respectively). Under the Drug Royalty
 Agreement, Drug Royalty USA has the right to receive royalties
 from GlaxoSmithKline on sales of abreva until December 2013.

In accordance with SAB Topic 13, revenues are
 recognized when earned, collection is reasonably assured and no
 additional performance of services is required. We classified
 the proceeds received from Drug Royalty USA as deferred revenue,
 to be recognized as revenue ratably over the life of the license
 agreement consistent with SAB Topic 13 because of our
 continuing involvement over the term of the Drug Royalty
 Agreement. Such continuing involvement includes overseeing the
 performance of GlaxoSmithKline and its compliance with the
 covenants in the GlaxoSmithKline License Agreement, monitoring
 patent infringement, adverse claims or litigation involving
 abreva, and undertaking to find a new license partner in the
 event that GlaxoSmithKline terminates the agreement. The Drug
 Royalty Agreement contains both covenants
 (Section 8) and events of default

F-29

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

(Section 10) that require such performance our part.
 Therefore, nonperformance on our part could result in default of
 the arrangement, and could give rise to additional rights in
 favor of Drug Royalty USA under a separate security agreement
 with Drug Royalty USA, which could result in loss of our rights
 to share in future abreva royalties if wholesale sales by
 GlaxoSmithKline exceed 62 million a year. Because of our
 continuing involvement, we recorded the net proceeds of the
 transaction as deferred revenue, to be recognized as revenue
 ratably over the life of the license agreement. Based on a
 review of our continuing involvement, we concluded that the sale
 proceeds did not meet any of the rebuttable presumptions in EITF
 88-18 that
 would require classification of the proceeds as debt.

Kobayashi Docosanol License Agreement In
 January 2006, we signed an exclusive license agreement with
 Kobayashi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Kobayashi ), a
 Japanese corporation, to allow Kobayashi to market in Japan
 medical products that are curative of episodic outbreaks of
 herpes simplex or herpes labialis and that contain a therapeutic
 concentration of our docosanol 10 cream either as the sole
 active ingredient or in combination with any other ingredient,
 substance or compound (the Products (the
 Kobayashi License Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms
 of the Kobayashi License Agreement, we received a non-refundable
 know-how and data transfer fee License Fee of
 860,000 in March 2006. In addition, we will be eligible to
 receive milestone payments of up to 450 million Japanese
 Yen (or up to approximately U.S. 3.8 million based on
 the exchange rate as of September 30, 2006), subject to
 achievement of certain milestones relating to the regulatory
 approval and commercialization of docosanol in Japan and patent
 and know-how royalties for sales of Products in Japan, if
 commercial sales commence.

Under the terms of the Kobayashi License Agreement, Kobayashi
 will be responsible for obtaining all necessary approvals for
 marketing, all sales and marketing activities and the
 manufacturing and distribution of the Products. Because the
 know-how and expertise related to the docosanol 10 cream are
 proprietary to us, we will be providing assistance to Kobayashi,
 upon their request, in completing additional required clinical
 studies and in filing the new drug application NDA submission for the licensed product in Japan. As of
 September 30, 2006, we estimated the period of time of our
 continuing involvement in advising and assisting Kobayashi with
 additional clinical studies and obtaining regulatory approval in
 Japan to be approximately four years. Pursuant to
 SAB Topic 13, revenue from the License Fee of 860,000
 is deferred and being recognized on a straight-line basis over
 four years. Accordingly, we recognized 121,000 of the License
 Fee in fiscal 2006.

HBI Docosanol License Agreement In July 2006,
 we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Healthcare
 Brands International HBI ), pursuant to which we
 granted to HBI the exclusive rights to develop and commercialize
 docosanol 10 in the following countries: Austria, Belgium,
 Czech Republic, Estonia, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland,
 Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, The Netherlands, Poland,
 Portugal, Russia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Ukraine and the
 United Kingdom (the Licensed Territory (the
 HBI License Agreement ).

Pursuant to the HBI License Agreement, we received an upfront
 data and know-how transfer fee of 1.4 million in July 2006
 in exchange for providing certain data Data Transfer
 Requirements ). We will also be eligible to receive
 750,000 (or approximately U.S. 1.4 million
 based on the exchange rate as of September 30,
 2006) for each of the first two regulatory approvals for
 marketing in any countries in the Licensed Territory. If there
 is any subsequent divestiture or sublicense of docosanol by HBI
 (including through a sale of HBI), or any initial public
 offering of HBI s securities, we will receive an additional
 payment related to the future value of docosanol under the
 Agreement.

HBI will bear all expenses related to the regulatory approval
 and commercialization of docosanol within the Licensed
 Territory. HBI also has certain financing obligations, pursuant
 to which it will be obligated to raise a minimum amount of
 working capital within certain time periods following execution
 of the HBI License Agreement. As of September 30, 2006, we
 have not completed the Data Transfer Requirements; therefore,
 the upfront transfer fee of 1.4 million is deferred and
 will be recognized as revenue upon completion of Data Transfer
 Requirements.

F-30

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

14. 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 

Operating lease commitments. We lease
 laboratory and office space and certain equipment under
 non-cancelable operating leases. In May 2006, we entered into a
 five-year lease agreement for a total of approximately
 17,000 square feet of office space, commencing on
 July 10, 2006 with 6,245 square feet and increasing to
 the full amount in the second quarter of 2007. As of
 September 30, 2006, we were in possession of
 9,245 square feet of this office space. The lease has
 scheduled rent increases each year and expires on June 14,
 2011. As of September 30, 2006, the financial commitment
 for the remainder of the term of the lease is 2.5 million.

In connection with the Alamo acquisition, we acquired a lease
 for 5,750 square feet of sales and marketing offices,
 located in New Jersey. The lease has scheduled rent increases
 every year and expires in September 2009. As of
 September 30, 2006 the financial commitment for the
 remainder of the term of this lease is 383,000.

In March 2000 (as amended in February 2001), we entered into an
 eight-year lease for 27,212 square feet of office and lab
 space in a building located at 11388 Sorrento Valley Road,
 Suite 200, San Diego, California, commencing on
 September 1, 2000. The lease has scheduled rent increases
 each year and expires on August 31, 2008. As of
 September 30, 2006, the financial commitment for the
 remainder of the term of the lease is 1.6 million. We
 delivered an irrevocable standby letter of credit to the lessor
 in the amount of 388,122, to secure our performance under the
 lease.

In May 2002, we signed a ten-year lease for approximately
 26,770 square feet of office and lab space in buildings
 adjacent to our existing facilities, commencing on
 January 15, 2003. In April 2003, we signed an amendment to
 the lease for an additional 3,600 square feet of space in
 the building adjacent to our existing facilities. The lease has
 scheduled rent increases each year and expires on
 January 14, 2013. In September 2006, we subleased
 approximately 9,000 square feet of these buildings. The
 sublease has scheduled rent increases each year and a three-year
 term that expires in September 2009. As of September 30,
 2006, the financial commitment for the remainder of the term of
 the lease is 7.0 million (excluding 766,000 rental
 income to be received from the sublease). We delivered an
 irrevocable standby letter of credit to the lessor in the amount
 of 468,475, to secure our performance under the lease.

Rental expenses, excluding common area charges and other
 executory costs, were 1.9 million in fiscal 2006,
 1.8 million in fiscal 2005 and 1.8 million in fiscal
 2004. Sublease rental income was 18,000 in fiscal 2006. Future
 minimum rental payments under non-cancelable operating lease
 commitments as of September 30, 2006 are as follows:

Minimum 

Year Ending September 30, 

Payments(1) 

2007

2,380,000

2008

2,537,000

2009

1,782,000

2010

1,721,000

2011

1,603,000

Thereafter

1,574,000

Total

11,597,000

(1) 

Minimum payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease
 rentals of 766,000. Due in the future under noncancelable
 subleases. 

Capital lease commitments. In September 2001,
 January 2002 and May 2002, we acquired several pieces of
 equipment under three-year, four-year and five-year capital
 lease obligations, respectively. Each of these capital leases
 provides us with the option at the expiration of the lease term
 to purchase all the equipment leased for a price

F-31

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

of one dollar 1.00). In connection with the Alamo acquisition
 in May 2006, we acquired certain automobiles under
 36-month 
 capital lease obligations. Each of these capital leases provides
 us with the option at the expiration of the lease term to
 purchase the automobile leased for a price of 250 plus over
 mileage charge at 4 cents per mile.

Future minimum payments under the capital leases as of
 September 30, 2006 are as follows:

Minimum 

Year Ending September 30, 

Payments 

2007

252,479

2008

172,092

Total

424,571

Less amount representing interest

(22,903

Present value of net lease payments

401,668

Less current portion

(230,760

Long-term portion of obligation

170,908

Legal contingencies. In the ordinary course of
 business, we may face various claims brought by third parties
 and we may, from time to time, make claims or take legal actions
 to assert our rights, including intellectual property rights as
 well as claims relating to employment and the safety or efficacy
 of our products. Any of these claims could subject us to costly
 litigation and, while we generally believe that we have adequate
 insurance to cover many different types of liabilities, our
 insurance carriers may deny coverage or our policy limits may be
 inadequate to fully satisfy any damage awards or settlements. If
 this were to happen, the payment of any such awards could have a
 material adverse effect on our operations, cash flows and
 financial position. Additionally, any such claims, whether or
 not successful, could damage our reputation and business.
 Management believes the outcome of currently pending claims and
 lawsuits will not likely have a material effect on our
 operations or financial position.

Employment and Severance Agreements. We have
 an employment agreement with our Chief Executive Officer, which
 provides for minimum salaries, as adjusted, incentive bonuses
 and share-based award and severance provisions in the event of
 termination under specified conditions, including change of
 control. We also have employment agreements and change of
 control severance agreements with our Chief Financial Officer
 and certain other executive officers Employees ).
 The employment agreements provide for severance payments in the
 event of termination without cause. The employment agreements
 provide for severance payments in the event of termination
 without cause or resignation with good
 reason (as such terms are defined). If these conditions
 are met for a particular Employee, that Employee will receive
 severance payments equal to certain number of months of base
 salary (ranges from six to twelve months), plus an amount equal
 to the greater of (a) certain percentage of the
 Employee s base salary or (b) certain percentage of
 the last bonus payment received by such Employee in the
 Company s preceding fiscal year. The change in control
 severance agreements provide for severance payments in the event
 that employment is involuntarily terminated in connection with a
 change in control of the Company. These severance benefits will
 be paid only if (i) the termination of employment occurs
 within 12 months following the change of control and
 (ii) the termination was without cause or was a
 resignation for good reason (as such terms are
 defined). If these conditions are met for a particular Employee,
 the Employee will receive severance payments equal to either 12
 or 24 months of base salary, plus an amount equal to the
 greater of (A) the aggregate bonus payment(s) received by
 such Employee in the Company s preceding fiscal year or
 (B) the Employee s then-current target bonus amount.
 Additionally, the vesting of outstanding equity awards will
 accelerate and the Employee will be entitled to up to
 12 months of post-termination Company-paid benefits
 continuation under COBRA.

F-32

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

15. 

Notes Payable 

As of September 30, 2006 and 2005, notes payable consist of
 the following:

September 30, 

2006 

2005 

Senior notes with an interest rate
 of LIBOR + 1.33 ; interest payable monthly; principal due May
 2009, net of 646,600 unamortized discount

24,428,400

9.5 equipment loan due April 2008

451,405

703,560

7.9 business insurance financing
 due June 2007

320,957

10.43 equipment loan due February
 2009

106,170

142,881

10.17 equipment loan due January
 2009

79,710

108,511

Total

25,386,642

954,952

Less: current portion

(670,737

(317,667

Total long-term notes payable

24,715,905

637,285

Senior Notes. In connection with the Alamo
 Acquisition, we issued three promissory notes in the respective
 principal amounts of 14,400,000, 6,675,000 and 4,000,000 (the
 First Note, Second Note and Third
 Note respectively) (collectively, the Notes ).
 The Notes bear interest at an average rate equal to the London
 Inter-Bank Offered Rate, or LIBOR, plus 1.33 . LIBOR
 rate at September 30, 2006 was 5.33 . Interest accruing on
 the Notes is payable monthly and the principal amount of the
 Notes matures on May 24, 2009, provided that (i) the
 Selling Holders may demand early repayment of the First Note if
 the closing price of our common stock, as reported on the Nasdaq
 Global Market, equals or exceeds 15.00 per share for a
 total of 20 trading days in any 30 consecutive
 trading-day 
 period (the Stock Contingency ), and (ii) we
 must apply 20 of any future net offering proceeds from equity
 offerings to repay the Notes (starting with the First Note), and
 must repay the Notes in full if we have raised in an offering
 more than 100,000,000 in future aggregate net proceeds.
 Subsequent to September 30, 2006, we completed an equity
 offering and received net offering proceeds of approximately
 14.4 million. See Note 23, Subsequent
 Events, for further discussion. As a result, we repaid
 2.9 million against the First Note in November 2006. We
 classified the Notes as long term, because they are not
 reasonably expected to require the use of existing resources.

If the Selling Holders demand repayment of the First Note
 following satisfaction of the Stock Contingency, we must repay
 the First Note within 180 days from the demand in our
 choice of cash or shares of common stock. At our sole option, if
 we elect to repay the First Note in shares of common stock, the
 shares will be valued at 95 of the average closing price of the
 common stock, as reported on the NASDAQ Global Market, for the
 five trading days prior to repayment, subject to a price floor.

We have the right to prepay, in cash or in common stock, the
 amounts due under the Notes at any time, provided that we may
 only pay the Notes in common stock if the Stock Contingency has
 occurred prior to the maturity date and if we have registered
 the shares on an effective registration statement filed with the
 SEC. If we elect to prepay the Notes with common stock, the
 shares will be valued at 95 of the average closing price of the
 common stock, as reported on the NASDAQ Global Market, for the
 five trading days prior to repayment, subject to a price floor.

We have concluded that the First Note, Second Note and Third
 Note have fair values of 14.0 million, 6.4 million,
 and 3.9 million, respectively. These fair value amounts
 were determined by discounting the expected payments on the
 notes to present value based on a market rate of 10.75 . The
 timing and amount of expected payments were determined by
 1) the note repayment terms, 2) mandatory prepayments
 as a result of future financings, and 3) lender prepayment
 rights in the event a trigger event occurs. Mandatory
 prepayments were developed based upon management s
 expectations regarding future financing activities. Trigger
 event likelihoods

F-33

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

were determined based upon a Monte Carlo model using an expected
 annual volatility of 53 . The fair values are the amounts
 recognized for these notes as part of recording the business
 combination. We recorded the notes at their fair values at the
 acquisition date and are accreting the debt discount over the
 three-year periods of the notes as interest expense.

We also evaluated the three promissory notes for features that
 may be considered to be embedded derivatives under Statement of
 Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, Accounting
 for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 FAS 133 ). We concluded that the embedded
 derivatives shall not be bifurcated from the host contracts and
 accounted for separately as derivative instruments because they
 fail the test of not being clearly and closely related. Our
 assessment is based on the fact that the notes were not issued
 at a substantial discount to the face value, which is the first
 test for bifurcation from the host debt instrument.

Equipment Loans. In September 2004, we entered
 into a finance agreement with GE Healthcare Financial Services
 GE Capital that provides for loans to purchase
 equipment, secured by the equipment purchased. The amount of
 capital equipment financed and subject to lien at
 September 30, 2006 and 2005 under the GE Capital finance
 agreement is approximately 637,000 and 955,000, respectively.
 The loans are for a term of 42 months at annual interest
 rates ranging from 9.5 to 10.4 per year with fixed
 monthly payments.

Insurance Financing. In fiscal 2006, we
 obtained 360,000 from a third party to facilitate annual
 payments on certain insurance premiums. The financing is for a
 term of nine months at an annual interest rate of 7.9 with a
 monthly payment of approximately 41,000. The balance of this
 note is 321,000 at September 30, 2006.

Aggregate annual maturities of notes payable as of
 September 30, 2006, are as follows:

Minimum 

Year Ending September 30, 

Payments 

2007

2,394,674

2008

1,935,682

2009

26,359,243

Total

30,689,599

Less amount representing interest

(5,302,957

Present value of payments

25,386,642

Less current portion

(670,737

Long-term portion of obligation

24,715,905

16. 

Shareholders 
 (Deficit) Equity 

The share and per share amounts and share prices have been
 adjusted for a
 one-for-four 
 reverse stock split. See Note 2, Reverse Stock
 Split. 

On April 1, 2004, we amended and restated our Articles of
 Incorporation, pursuant to the authority granted us by our
 shareholders at our 2004 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Upon
 the filing of our Amended and Restated Articles of
 Incorporation, we eliminated all classes and series of stock
 that were no longer outstanding and increased our authorized
 Class A common stock to 200 million shares. As of
 September 30, 2006 and 2005, we have authorized
 200 million shares of Class A common stock and
 10 million shares of preferred stock, of which
 1 million shares have been designated Class C Junior
 Participating Preferred.

F-34

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Preferred
 Stock 

In March 1999, our Board of Directors approved a shareholder
 rights plan (the Plan that provides for the
 issuance of Series C junior participating preferred stock
 to each of our shareholders of record under certain
 circumstances. None of the Series C junior participating
 preferred stock was outstanding on September 30, 2006 and
 2005. The Plan provided for a dividend distribution of one
 preferred share purchase right (the Right on each
 outstanding share of our Class A common stock, payable on
 shares outstanding as of March 25, 1999 (the Record
 Date ). All shares of Class A common stock issued by
 the Company after the Record Date have been issued with such
 Rights attached. Subject to limited exceptions, the Rights would
 become exercisable if a person or group acquires 15 or more of
 our common stock or announces a tender offer for 15 or more of
 our common stock (a Trigger Event ).

If and when the Rights become exercisable, each Right will
 entitle shareholders, excluding the person or group causing the
 Trigger Event (an Acquiring Person ), to buy a
 fraction of a share of our Series C junior participating
 preferred stock at a fixed price. In certain circumstances
 following a Trigger Event, each Right will entitle its owner,
 who is not an Acquiring Person, to purchase at the Right s
 then current exercise price, a number of shares of Class A
 common stock having a market value equal to twice the
 Right s exercise price. Rights held by any Acquiring Person
 would become void and not be exercisable to purchase shares at
 the discounted purchase price.

Our Board of Directors may redeem the Rights at 0.01 per
 Right at any time before a person has acquired 15 or more of
 the outstanding common stock. The Rights will expire on
 March 25, 2009.

Common
 stock 

Class A
 common stock. 

Fiscal 2006. In October 2005, we issued and
 sold to certain institutional investors 1,523,585 shares of
 our common stock at a price of 10.60 per share, for
 aggregate net offering proceeds of approximately
 16.2 million. In December 2005, we issued and sold to
 certain institutional investors 1,492,538 shares of our
 common stock at 13.40 per share, for aggregate offering
 proceeds of approximately 20.0 million and net offering
 proceeds of approximately 19.4 million, after deducting
 commissions and offering fees and expenses. These offerings were
 made pursuant to our shelf registration statement on
 Form S-3, 
 filed with the SEC in June 2005.

In September 2006, our CEO exercised his option to pay for
 minimum required withholding taxes associated with certain
 vested shares of his restricted stock award by surrendering
 29,775 shares of Class A common stock at the market
 price of 6.73.

Also during fiscal 2006, we issued an aggregate of
 1,352,382 shares of Class A common stock in connection
 with the exercises of stock purchase warrants
 (827,575 shares at a weighted average price of
 7.14 per share), employee stock options
 (524,807 shares at a weighted average price of
 6.22 per share) and restricted stock awards
 (28,000 shares at price of 0.00) for cash in the aggregate
 amount of approximately 9.2 million.

Fiscal 2005. In September 2005, we issued to
 our CEO a restricted stock award to purchase 250,000 shares
 of Class A common stock at an exercise price of
 0.004 per share Restricted Stock ). The
 Restricted Stock is subject to a right of repurchase by us at
 the original issue price of 0.004 per share that lapsed as
 to one-third of the shares in September 2006 and lapses as to an
 additional one-twelfth of the shares quarterly thereafter. In
 September 2005, the award was exercised to purchase all of
 250,000 shares of Restricted Stock for total cash of
 1,000. The fair value of the award totaled 3.6 million
 based on the
 5-day 
 average closing sales price beginning 2 days before, the
 day of, and 2 days after the date of the agreement. The
 value of the Restricted Stock was recorded as unearned
 compensation in a separate component of shareholders 
 equity to be amortized as compensation expense ratably over the
 repurchase period of three years. Pursuant to FAS 123R,
 unamortized unearned compensation of 3.5 million at
 October 1, 2005 was eliminated against common stock upon
 the adoption of FAS 123R. See Note 3,
 Significant Accounting Policies Change in
 Accounting Method for Share-based Compensation. 

F-35

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

During fiscal 2006 and 2005, 1.1 million and 78,000,
 respectively, was charged to compensation expense. As of
 September 30, 2006 and 2005, 83,335 and 0 shares,
 respectively, of the Restricted Stock was vested.

In April 2005, we issued and sold 1,942,500 shares of
 Class A common stock in a registered direct offering at a
 price of 8.80 per share, for aggregate offering proceeds
 of approximately 17.1 million and net offering proceeds of
 approximately 15.9 million, after deducting commissions
 and offering fees and expenses. The offering was made pursuant
 to our shelf registration statement on
 Form S-3, 
 filed with the SEC on April 9, 2004.

In March 2005, we issued 500,000 shares of Class A
 common stock, with a fair value of 5.3 million, to IriSys,
 Inc. IriSys in connection with the acquisition of
 additional contractual rights to Zenvia, our late-stage drug
 candidate for the treatment of multiple central nervous system
 disorders. We valued these shares at 10.60 per share,
 based on the
 5-day 
 average closing price of our common stock, beginning two days
 before and ending two days after the close and announcement of
 the agreement on March 9, 2005. See Note 19,
 Related Party Transactions, for further discussions.

In December 2004, we issued and sold to an institutional
 investor 583,333 shares of Class A common stock at a
 price of 12.00 per share, for aggregate net offering
 proceeds of approximately 7 million. The offering was made
 pursuant to our shelf registration statement on
 Form S-3, 
 filed with the SEC on April 9, 2004.

Also during fiscal 2005, we issued an aggregate of
 239,459 shares of Class A common stock in connection
 with the exercise of stock purchase warrants
 (211,486 shares at a weighted average price of
 6.12 per share) and employee stock options
 (27,973 shares at a weighted average price of
 4.48 per share) for cash in the aggregate amount of
 approximately 1.4 million.

Fiscal 2004. In August 2004, we issued to the
 Ciblex Corporation 259,202 shares of Class A common
 stock in connection with an amendment to that certain Technology
 Acquisition Agreement with Ciblex dated August 2001.

In June 2004, we completed an underwritten public offering of
 4,921,260 shares of Class A common stock at
 5.08 per share 4.72 per share after
 underwriter s discount). The financing transaction was made
 pursuant to the terms of an underwriting agreement. On
 June 10, 2004, the underwriter exercised its option to
 purchase from us an additional 738,189 shares of
 Class A common stock at the public offering price of
 5.08 per share 4.72 per share after
 underwriter s discount) to cover over-allotments. This
 offering generated net proceeds of approximately
 26.5 million after the underwriter s discount of
 2.0 million and issuance costs of approximately 267,000.

In December 2003, we sold and issued 1,345,579 shares of
 Class A common stock and warrants to purchase an additional
 807,347 shares of Class A common stock to several
 accredited investors and received approximately
 8.0 million in gross proceeds. The warrant exercise price
 is 7.00 per share. The financing transaction was made
 pursuant to the terms of a securities purchase agreement that
 provided each investor with a warrant to purchase six-tenths of
 a share of Class A common stock for every share of
 Class A common stock purchased under the agreement. The
 effect of the financing transaction was an increase in cash and
 shareholders equity in the amount of approximately
 7.5 million after taking into effect the costs of the
 transaction. In connection with this transaction and its costs,
 the placement agent was paid 415,000 in fees and expenses, and
 issued a warrant to purchase 40,367 shares of our
 Class A common stock at 7.00 per share.

Also during fiscal 2004, we issued an aggregate of
 104,726 shares of Class A common stock in connection
 with the exercise of stock purchase warrants (73,724 shares
 at a weighted average price of 6.36 per share) and
 employee stock options (31,002 shares at a weighted average
 price of 5.20 per share) for cash in the aggregate amount
 of approximately 609,000, representing a weighted average price
 per share of 5.80.

F-36

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

A summary of common stock transactions during fiscal 2006, 2005
 and 2004 are shown below.

Common Stock Issued and Warrants 

Class A 

Gross Amount 

Average Price 

and Stock Options Exercised 

Date 

Common Stock 

Received(1) 

Per Share(2) 

Fiscal year ended
 September 30, 2006:

Private placement of common stock

October 2005

1,523,585

16,150,001

10.60

Private placement of common stock

December 2005

1,492,538

19,400,002

13.00

Restricted stock award

Various

28,000

112

0.00

Stock options

Various

524,807

3,264,953

6.22

Warrants(4)

Various

827,575

5,908,997

7.14

Total

4,396,505

44,724,065

Fiscal year ended
 September 30, 2005:

Private placement of common stock

December 2004

583,333

6,999,999

12.00

Private placement of common stock

April 2005

1,942,500

17,094,000

8.80

Acquisition of certain contractual
 rights to Zenvia

March 2005

500,000

5,300,000

10.60

Restricted stock award

September 2005

250,000

1,000

0.00

Stock options

Various

27,974

125,491

4.49

Warrants(4)

Various

211,486

1,293,339

6.12

Total

3,515,293

30,813,829

Fiscal year ended
 September 30, 2004:

Underwritten public offering(3)

June 2005

5,659,449

26,737,500

4.72

Private placement of common stock
 and warrants

December 2004

1,345,579

8,019,652

5.96

Issuance of common stock to Ciblex

August 2005

259,202

2,733,023

10.54

Conversions of Class B common
 stock

Various

3,375

8,395

2.49

Stock options

Various

31,002

160,823

5.19

Warrants(4)

Various

73,724

448,671

6.09

Total

7,372,331

38,108,064

(1) 

Amount received represents the amount before the cost of
 financing and after underwriter s discount, if any. 

(2) 

Average price per share has been rounded to two decimal places. 

(3) 

Price per share of 4.72 in the underwritten public offering is
 after underwriter s discount of 2.0 million,
 representing approximately 0.36 per share. 

(4) 

Includes 4,780 shares issued on a cashless 
 exercise basis at an average exercise price of 4.20 per
 share. 

Class B common stock conversions. As of
 September 30, 2004, there were no shares of Class B
 common stock issued or outstanding. During fiscal 2004,
 3,375 shares of Class B common stock were converted to
 3,375 shares of Class A common stock. In March 2004,
 our shareholders voted on, and approved an amendment to our
 articles of incorporation that eliminated our Class B
 common stock.

Warrants 

Between January 26, 2006 and February 7, 2006, we
 received proceeds of 4.7 million from the exercise of
 warrants to purchase 671,923 shares of Class A common
 stock in connection with our call for redemption of a group

F-37

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

of outstanding warrants. The warrants had been issued in
 connection with a financing transaction in December 2003
 involving the sale of Class A common stock and warrants
 (the Warrants ). The exercise price of the Warrants
 was 7.00 per share. The Warrants had a five-year term, but
 included a provision that we could redeem the Warrants for 1.00
 each if our stock price traded above twice the warrant exercise
 price for a certain period of time (the
 Redemption Right ). On January 24, 2006, we
 sent the Warrant holders notice that the Redemption Right
 had been triggered and that the Warrants would expire, to the
 extent unexercised, on February 7, 2006. One of the
 warrants to purchase 25,167 shares of Class A common
 stock expired unexercised.

Also during fiscal 2006, Class A warrant holders exercised
 their rights to purchase an aggregate of 155,652 shares of
 Class A common stock for total cash of 1.2 million.
 As of September 30, 2006, Class A warrants to purchase
 269,305 shares at 8.92 remained outstanding.

The following table summarizes all warrant activity for fiscal
 2006, 2005 and 2004:

Shares of Class A 

Weighted 

Common Stock 

Average 

Purchasable Upon 

Exercise Price 

Range of 

Exercise of Warrants 

per Share 

Exercise Prices 

Outstanding at October 1, 2003

572,475

7.64

3.64 - 10.88

Issued

850,727

7.00

7.00

Tendered(1)

(7,720

4.20

4.20

Exercised

(73,724

6.36

4.20 - 7.00

Expired

(8,219

9.76

9.76

Outstanding at September 30,
 2004

1,333,539

7.32

5.52 - 10.88

Exercised

(211,492

6.12

5.80 - 8.76

Outstanding at September 30,
 2005

1,122,047

7.56

7.00 - 8.92

Exercised

(827,575

7.14

7.00 - 8.92

Expired

(25,167

7.00

7.00

Outstanding at September 30,
 2006

269,305

8.92

8.92

(1) 

Warrant shares tendered represent 7,720 in the amount of warrant
 shares given up, in lieu of cash, for warrants exercised
 cashless exercise ). 

Employee
 Equity Incentive Plans 

We currently have five equity incentive plans (the
 Plans ): the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (the
 2005 Plan ), the 2003 Equity Incentive Plan (the
 2003 Plan ), the 2000 Stock Option Plan (the
 2000 Plan ), the 1998 Stock Option Plan (the
 1998 Plan and the 1994 Stock Option Plan (the
 1994 Plan ), which are described below. All of the
 Plans were approved by the shareholders, except for the 2003
 Equity Incentive Plan, which was approved solely by the Board of
 Directors. Stock-based awards are subject to terms and
 conditions established by the Compensation Committee of our
 Board of Directors. Our policy is to issue new common shares
 upon the exercise of stock options, conversion of share units or
 purchase of restricted stock.

During fiscal 2006, we granted share-based awards under both the
 2003 Plan and the 2005 Plan. Under the 2003 Plan and 2005 Plan,
 options to purchase shares, restricted stock units, restricted
 stock and other share-based awards may be granted to our
 employees and consultants. Under the Plans, as of
 September 30, 2006, we had an aggregate of
 2,207,305 shares of our common stock reserved for issuance.
 Of those shares, 1,527,800 were subject to outstanding options
 and other awards and 679,505 shares were available for
 future grants of share-based awards. We also issued share-based
 awards outside of the Plans. As of September 30, 2006,
 options to purchase

F-38

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

140,000 shares of our common stock that were issued outside
 of the Plans (inducement option grants) are outstanding. None of
 the share-based awards is classified as a liability as of
 September 30, 2006.

2005 Equity Incentive Plan. On March 17,
 2005, our shareholders approved the adoption of the 2005 Plan
 that initially provided for the issuance of up to
 500,000 shares of Class A common stock, plus an annual
 increase beginning in fiscal 2006 equal to the lesser of
 (a) 1 of the shares of Class A common stock
 outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal
 year, (b) 325,000 shares of Class A common stock,
 or (c) such lesser number of shares of Class A common
 stock as the board of directors shall determine. Pursuant to the
 provisions of annual increases, the number of authorized shares
 of Class A common stock for issuance under the 2005 Plan
 increased by 273,417 shares to 773,417 shares
 effective November 16, 2005. In February 2006, our
 shareholders eliminated the limitation on number of shares of
 Class A common stock that may be issued under the 2005
 Plan. The 2005 Plan allows us to grant options, restricted stock
 awards and stock appreciation rights to our directors, officers,
 employees and consultants. As of September 30, 2006 and
 2005, 249,687 and 321,250 shares of Class A common
 stock, respectively, remained available for issuance under the
 2005 Plan. On November 30, 2006, the number of shares of
 Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2005
 Plan increased by 317,084 shares in accordance with the
 provisions for annual increases under the 2005 Plan.

2003 Equity Incentive Plan. On March 13,
 2003, the board of directors approved the adoption of the 2003
 Plan that provides for the issuance of up to 625,000 shares
 of Class A common stock, plus an annual increase beginning
 January 2004 equal to the lesser of (a) 5 of the number of
 shares of Class A common stock outstanding on the
 immediately preceding December 31, or (b) a number of
 shares of Class A common stock set by the board of
 directors. The 2003 Plan allows us to grant options, restricted
 stock awards and stock appreciation rights to our directors,
 officers, employees and consultants. As of September 30,
 2006 and 2005, 343,813 and 582,500 shares of Class A
 common stock, respectively, remained available for issuance
 under the 2003 Plan. On November 30, 2006, the number of
 shares of Class A common stock available for issuance under
 the 2003 Plan increased by 1,528,474 shares in accordance
 with the provisions for annual increases under the 2003 Plan.

2000 Stock Option Plan. On March 23,
 2000, our shareholders approved the adoption of the 2000 Plan,
 pursuant to which an aggregate of 575,000 shares of our
 Class A common stock have been reserved for issuance. On
 March 14, 2002, our shareholders approved an amendment to
 the 2000 Plan to increase the number of shares of Class A
 common stock issuable under the Plan by 250,000 shares, for
 an aggregate of 825,000 shares. On March 13, 2003, we
 amended the 2000 Plan to allow for the issuance of restricted
 stock awards. As of September 30, 2006 and 2005, 75,721 and
 2,442 shares of Class A common stock, respectively,
 were available for grant under the 2000 Plan.

1998 Stock Option Plan. On February 19,
 1999, our shareholders approved the 1998 Plan. The 1998 Plan as
 amended in 2002 provides for the issuance of up to an aggregate
 of 468,750 shares of Class A common stock. The 1998
 Plan allows us to grant options to our directors, officers,
 employees and consultants. As of September 30, 2006 and
 2005, options to purchase 10,284 and 1,826 shares of
 Class A common stock, respectively, were available for
 grant under the 1998 Plan.

Stock Options. Stock options are granted with
 an exercise price equal to the current market price of our
 common stock at the grant date and have
 10-year 
 contractual terms. Options awards typically vest in accordance
 with one of the following schedules:

a. 25 of the option shares vest and become exercisable on
 the first anniversary of the grant date and the remaining 75 of
 the option shares vest and become exercisable quarterly in equal
 installments thereafter over three years;

b. One-third of the option shares vest and become
 exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date and the
 remaining two-thirds of the option shares vest and become
 exercisable daily or quarterly in equal installments thereafter
 over two years; or

c. Options fully vest and become exercisable at the date of
 grant.

F-39

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Certain option awards provide for accelerated vesting if there
 is a change in control (as defined in the Plans).

Summaries of stock options outstanding and changes during fiscal
 2006 are presented below.

Weighted Average 

Weighted Average 

Remaining 

Aggregate 

Exercise Price Per 

Contractual Term 

Intrinsic 

Number of Shares 

Share 

(in Years) 

Value 

Outstanding, October 1, 2003

1,327,151

7.84

Granted

60,750

7.24

Exercised

(31,002

5.20

Forfeited

(18,616

11.06

Expired

(24,885

10.16

Outstanding, September 30,
 2004

1,313,398

7.80

Granted

379,875

12.60

Exercised

(27,974

4.48

Forfeited

(56,641

14.18

Expired

(8,624

13.75

Outstanding, September 30,
 2005

1,600,034

8.76

Granted

658,312

10.83

Exercised

(524,807

6.22

Forfeited

(146,094

12.68

Expired

(375

10.00

Outstanding, September 30,
 2006

1,587,070

10.07

7.2

817,000

Vested and expected to vest in the
 future, September 30, 2006

1,472,726

10.05

7.2

799,000

Exercisable, September 30,
 2006

765,411

8.98

5.0

732,000

Exercisable, September 30,
 2005

1,257,896

7.92

Exercisable, September 30,
 2004

1,164,103

7.96

The weighted average grant-date fair values of options granted
 during fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004 were 6.85, 11.36 and
 7.24 per share, respectively. The total intrinsic value of
 options exercised during fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004 was
 4.6 million, 228,000 and 72,000, respectively, based on
 the differences in market prices on the dates of exercise and
 the option exercise prices.

The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of
 grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model
 Black-Scholes model that uses the assumptions
 noted in the following table. Expected volatilities are based on
 historical volatility of our common stock and other factors. The
 expected term of options granted is based on analyses of
 historical employee termination rates and option exercises. The
 risk-free interest rates are

F-40

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent
 with the expected term of the option in effect at the time of
 the grant.

Assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model for options granted
 during fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004 were as follows:

2006 

2005 

2004 

Expected volatility

77.4 - 80.4 

76.6 - 130.2 

132.9 - 133.3 

Weighted-average volatility

78.4 

95.5 

133.1 

Average expected term in years

4.5

3.4

3.4

Risk-fee interest rate (zero
 coupon U.S. Treasury Note)

4.5 

3.8 

2.4 

Expected dividend yield

0 

0 

0 

The following table summarizes information concerning
 outstanding and exercisable Class A stock options as of
 September 30, 2006 : 

Options Outstanding 

Weighted 

Options Exercisable 

Average 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Remaining 

Average 

Average 

Number 

Contractual 

Exercise 

Number 

Exercise 

Range of Exercise Prices 

Outstanding 

Life in Years 

Price 

Exercisable 

Price 

1.20 4.64

214,271

4.2

3.98

214,271

3.98

5.12 6.92

234,725

6.3

6.13

124,225

6.10

7.12 9.92

196,921

6.6

8.66

132,128

8.99

10.10 10.70

181,750

9.6

10.64

3,126

10.24

11.08 11.76

327,892

8.7

11.69

45,914

11.70

12.12 13.84

262,061

7.2

13.26

183,797

13.33

14.28 19.38

169,450

7.6

16.19

61,950

17.10

1,587,070

7.2

10.07

765,411

8.98

Restricted stock units. RSUs generally vest
 based on three years of continuous service and may not be sold
 or transferred until the awardee s termination of service.
 The following table summarizes the RSU activities for fiscal
 2006:

Weighted Average 

Grant Date 

Number of Shares 

Fair Value 

Unvested, October 1, 2005

Granted

51,480

15.54

Vested

Forfeited

Unvested, September 30, 2006

51,480

15.54

The grant-date fair value of RSUs granted during fiscal 2006 was
 800,000. No RSUs were granted during fiscal 2005 and 2004. As
 of September 30, 2006, the total unrecognized compensation
 cost related to unvested shares was 550,000, which is expected
 to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
 2.4 years, based on the vesting schedules.

F-41

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Restricted stock awards. Restricted stock
 awards are grants that entitle the holder to acquire shares of
 restricted common stock at a fixed price, which is typically
 nominal. The shares of restricted stock cannot be sold, pledged,
 or otherwise disposed of until the award vests and any unvested
 shares may be reacquired by us for the original purchase price
 following the awardee s termination of service. The
 restricted stock awards typically vest on the second or third
 anniversary of the grant date or on a graded vesting schedule
 over three years of employment. A summary of our unvested
 restricted stock awards as September 30, 2006 and changes
 during the fiscal year then ended are presented below.

Weighted Average 

Grant Date 

Number of Shares 

Fair Value 

Unvested, October 1, 2005

250,000

14.22

Granted

57,250

11.34

Vested

(83,335

14.22

Forfeited

Unvested, September 30, 2006

223,915

13.48

The grant-date fair value of restricted stock awards granted
 fiscal 2006 was 649,000. No restricted stock awards were
 granted in fiscal 2005 and 2004. As of September 30, 2006,
 the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested
 shares was 2.4 million, which is expected to be recognized
 over a weighted-average period of 1.7 years.

During fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, we received a total of
 3.3 million, 126,000 and 161,000, respectively, in cash
 from exercised options and restricted stock awards under all
 share-based payment arrangements. No tax benefit was realized
 for the tax deductions from option exercise of the share-base
 payment arrangements in fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004.

Review of Stock Options Practices and Related
 Accounting. On July 28, 2006, the Public
 Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) issued Staff Audit
 Practice Alert No. 1 entitled, Matters Relating to
 Timing and Accounting for Options Grants. Prompted by
 the PCAOB release, the Company and the independent audit
 committee of the Board of Directors authorized a review of the
 Company s historical stock option practices. The review was
 conducted with the assistance of an outside law firm and an
 outside consulting firm.

As a result of this review one exception was found in which the
 measurement date for 50,000 fully vested common stock options
 should have been November 30, 1999 instead of October 30, 1999.
 Based on this, the Company should have recorded a non-cash
 charge of 302,500 and a corresponding increase in common stock
 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2000. The Company has
 concluded that this adjustment is not material to the
 Company s consolidated financial statements in any interim
 or annual period presented in this or any previously filed
 Form 10-K. 
 Therefore, the charge was recognized in the quarter ended
 September 30, 2006.

Based upon this review, management and the independent audit
 committee of the Board of Directors were satisfied that no
 evidence was found that indicated that the Company otherwise
 intentionally manipulated stock option grant dates or was remiss
 in communicating grants to optionees in a timely manner.
 Further, the Company s documentation and practices followed
 the intent of the Board of Directors in granting such options
 and that the methods of approval and the Company s
 practices did not provide for management discretion in selecting
 or manipulating the option grant dates.

17. 

Research
 and Licensing Agreements 

Eurand, Inc. In August 2006, we entered into a
 development and license agreement Eurand Agreement with Eurand, Inc. Eurand ), under which Eurand will
 provide research and development services R using

F-42

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Eurand s certain proprietary technology to develop a
 once-a-day 
 controlled release capsule, a new formulation, of Zenvia for the
 treatment of IEED/PBA Controlled-Release Zenvia ).
 Under the terms of the Eurand Agreement, we will pay Eurand for
 development services on a time and material basis. We will be
 required to make payments up to 7.6 million contingent
 upon achievement of certain development milestones and up to
 14.0 million contingent upon achievement of certain sales
 targets. In addition, we will be required to make royalty
 payments based on sales of Controlled-Release Zenvia. We have
 recorded 283,000 in fees and services relating to the Eurand
 Agreement in fiscal 2006.

CIMA Labs Inc. Royalty Agreement In connection
 with the Alamo Acquisition, we acquired a development, license
 and supply agreement with CIMA Labs Inc., which holds
 intellectual property rights related to certain aspects of the
 development and production of FazaClo (the FazaClo Supply
 Agreement ). The FazaClo Supply Agreement grants, through
 our Alamo subsidiary, an exclusive license to us to market,
 distribute and sell FazaClo. The FazaClo Supply Agreement
 provides royalty rates of 5 to 6 , based on annual net revenue
 and minimum annual royalty targets set forth in the agreement.
 Minimum future annual royalty payments under the agreement are
 as follows:

Twelve-month period ending
 December 31:

2006

250,000

2007

300,000

2008 and each year thereafter

400,000

Royalty expense is recognized in cost of product sales when
 revenue from FazaClo shipments is recognized. As of
 September 30, 2006, 106,000 in royalty costs were paid but
 not recognized as expense and are included in prepaid expenses
 and other current assets in the accompanying consolidated
 balance sheets.

18. 

License
 and Research Collaboration Agreements 

AstraZeneca UK Limited
 AstraZeneca ). In July 2005, we
 entered into an exclusive license and research collaboration
 agreement with AstraZeneca regarding the license of certain
 compounds for the potential treatment of cardiovascular disease.
 Under the terms of the agreement, we will be eligible to receive
 royalty payments, assuming the licensed product is successfully
 developed by AstraZeneca and approved for marketing by the FDA.
 We are also eligible to receive up to 330 million in
 milestone payments contingent upon AstraZeneca s
 performance and achievement of certain development and
 regulatory milestones, which could take several years of further
 development, including achievement of certain sales targets, if
 a licensed compound is approved for marketing by the FDA.
 Pursuant to the agreement with AstraZeneca, we will also perform
 certain research activities directed and funded by AstraZeneca.

Under this agreement, we received a license fee of
 10 million in July 2005 that we recognized as revenue upon
 delivery of certain physical quantities of compounds, the
 designs of the compounds and structure-activity relationships,
 the conceptual framework and mechanism of action, and the rights
 to the patents or patents pending for such compounds. In
 determining whether the license has standalone value from the
 research activities, which is one of the necessary conditions
 for allocating revenue under a multiple deliverable arrangement,
 we concluded that AstraZeneca had the ability to continue
 development of the licensed compounds without our expertise and
 knowledge. AstraZeneca controls all aspects of development of
 the lead compound and other compounds that were provided by us
 under the agreement, and is solely responsible for ongoing
 development costs and efforts. We are not obligated to, and do
 not, take part in the ongoing development of any of the
 compounds, nor is our expertise and knowledge necessary for
 AstraZeneca s continued development.

Also under the agreement, AstraZeneca is paying us for certain
 research services of between 2.5 million and
 4.0 million a year for a period of up to three years. Such
 research services that we provide to AstraZeneca are for
 specific projects and research activities assigned and directed
 by AstraZeneca that are primarily in connection with discovery
 of a screening assay, which is a unique method of testing or
 screening for additional compounds that

F-43

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

could be used for the same therapeutic target. Such additional
 research and testing activities performed by us are not
 necessary for the successful development of the licensed
 compounds. Further, a reduction in, or termination of, the
 research services under the agreement would not affect other
 rights and obligations under the agreement, including the
 license grant to AstraZeneca, our right to keep the license fees
 already received from AstraZeneca, and the milestone and royalty
 payments that we would be entitled to receive if the licensed
 compounds are successfully developed and commercialized by
 AstraZeneca. The rate being billed by us for the services
 represents fair value for such services, and is consistent with
 average rates charged by contract research organizations and
 other similar service providers in the biopharmaceutical
 industry.

In accordance with EITF
 00-21, we
 determined that the license fee and research and development
 services are separate units of accounting, because the license
 has value to AstraZeneca on a standalone basis, there is
 objective and reliable evidence of the fair value of the
 undelivered research collaboration services and there is no
 right of return or refund relative to the license. We determined
 that the license fee has a standalone value because similar
 technology is sold separately by other vendors and AstraZeneca
 has the ability to sell or transfer the license. Revenue from
 research and development services is recognized during the
 period in which the services are performed and is based upon the
 number of FTE personnel working on the project at the
 agreed-upon 
 rates. Payments related to substantive, performance-based
 milestones are recognized as revenue upon the achievement of the
 milestones as specified in the agreement.

As of September 30, 2005, we had delivered the license and
 therefore, we recognized the 10.0 million up-front payment
 as revenue in fiscal 2005. In fiscal 2006, we recognized
 5.0 million revenue upon achievement of the first
 milestone. In addition, we have recorded research and
 development services and direct cost reimbursement revenues of
 approximately 5.8 million and 825,000 in fiscal 2006 and
 2005, respectively.

Novartis International Pharmaceutical
 Ltd. Novartis ). In April
 2005, we entered into an exclusive license and research
 collaboration agreement with Novartis regarding the license of
 certain compounds that regulate macrophage migration inhibitory
 factor MIF in the treatment of various
 inflammatory diseases. Under the terms of the agreement, we will
 be eligible to receive royalty payments, assuming the licensed
 product is successfully developed by Novartis and approved for
 marketing by the FDA. We are also eligible to receive up to
 198 million in milestone payments contingent upon
 Novartis performance and achievement of certain
 development and regulatory milestones, including approval for
 certain additional indications, and regulatory milestones, which
 could take several years of further development by Novartis,
 including achievement of certain sales targets, if a licensed
 compound is approved for marketing by the FDA. Pursuant to the
 agreement with Novartis, we will also perform certain research
 activities directed and funded by Novartis.

Under this agreement, we received a data transfer fee of
 2.5 million that we recognized as revenue in May 2005 upon
 the transfer and delivery of certain physical quantities of
 compounds that regulate MIF, the designs of the compounds and
 structure-activity relationships, the conceptual framework and
 mechanism of action, and the rights to the patents or patents
 pending for such compounds. In determining whether the license
 has standalone value from the research activities, we concluded
 that Novartis had the ability to continue development of the
 licensed compounds without our expertise and knowledge. Novartis
 controls all aspects of development of the licensed compounds
 that were provided by us under the agreement, and is solely
 responsible for ongoing development costs and efforts. We are
 not obligated to, and do not, take part in the ongoing
 development of any of the compounds, nor is our expertise and
 knowledge necessary for Novartis continued development.

Also under the agreement, Novartis is paying us for certain
 research services of between 1.5 million and
 2.5 million a year for two years from the date of the
 agreement. Such research services that we provide to Novartis
 are for specific projects and research activities assigned and
 directed by Novartis. Such additional research and testing
 activities performed by us are not necessary for the successful
 development of the licensed compounds. Further, a reduction in,
 or termination of, the research services under the agreement
 would not affect other rights and obligations under the
 agreement, including the license grant to Novartis, our right to
 keep the data transfer fee already received from Novartis, and
 the milestone and royalty payments that we would be entitled to
 receive if one

F-44

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

or more of the licensed compounds are successfully developed and
 commercialized by Novartis. The rate being billed by us for the
 services represents fair value for such services, and is
 consistent with average rates charged by contract research
 organizations and other similar service providers in the
 biopharmaceutical industry.

In accordance with EITF
 00-21, we
 determined that the license fee and research and development
 services are separate units of accounting, because the license
 has value to Novartis on a standalone basis, there is objective
 and reliable evidence of the fair value of the undelivered
 research collaboration services and there is no right of return
 or refund relative to the license. We determined that the
 license fee has a standalone value because similar technology is
 sold separately by other vendors and Novartis has the ability to
 sell or transfer the license. Revenue from research and
 development services is recognized during the period in which
 the services are performed and is based upon the number of FTE
 personnel working on the project at the agreed- upon rates.
 Payments related to substantive, performance-based milestones
 are recognized as revenue upon the achievement of the milestones
 as specified in the agreement.

As of September 30, 2005, we had delivered the license and
 therefore, we recognized the 2.5 million up-front payment
 as revenue in fiscal 2005. In addition, we have recorded
 research and development services revenue of approximately
 2.0 million and 682,000 in fiscal 2006 and 2005,
 respectively.

HBI Docosanol License Agreement In July 2006,
 we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Healthcare
 Brands International, pursuant to which we granted to HBI the
 exclusive rights to develop and commercialize docosanol 10 in
 the following countries: Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic,
 Estonia, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Latvia, Lithuania,
 Luxembourg, Malta, The Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Russia,
 Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Ukraine and the United Kingdom. The
 HBI License Agreement automatically expires on a
 country-by-country 
 basis upon the later to occur of (a) the
 15th anniversary of the first commercial sale in each
 respective country in the Licensed Territory or (b) the
 date the last claim of any patent licensed under the HBI License
 Agreement expires or is invalidated that covers sales of
 licensed products in each such country in the Licensed Territory.

Kobayashi Docosanol License Agreement In
 January 2006, we signed an exclusive license agreement with
 Kobayashi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a Japanese corporation, to
 allow Kobayashi to market in Japan medical products that are
 curative of episodic outbreaks of herpes simplex or herpes
 labialis and that contain a therapeutic concentration of our
 docosanol 10 cream either as the sole active ingredient or in
 combination with any other ingredient, substance or compound.
 The Kobayashi License Agreement automatically expires upon the
 latest to occur of (1) the tenth anniversary of the first
 commercial sale in Japan, (2) the last expiration date of
 any patent licensed under the Kobayashi License Agreement, or
 (3) the last date of expiration of the post marketing
 surveillance period in Japan.

CTS Chemical Industries, Ltd.
 CTS ). In July 1993, we entered into
 a license agreement with CTS giving them the rights to
 manufacture and sell docosanol 10 cream as a topical cold sore
 treatment in Israel. The five-year period of the license began
 in June 2002, the date of approval of the product by regulatory
 agencies in Israel. Under the terms of the agreement, CTS is
 responsible for manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution
 of docosanol 10 cream in Israel, and paying a royalty to us on
 product sales. The agreement includes a supply provision under
 which CTS purchases its entire requirement of active ingredient
 from us for use in the manufacture of topical docosanol 10 
 cream. CTS launched the product, Abrax, in January 2003.

Boryung Pharmaceuticals Company Ltd
 Boryung ). In March 1994, we entered
 into a
 12-year 
 exclusive license and supply agreement with Boryung, giving them
 the rights to manufacture and sell docosanol 10 cream in the
 Republic of Korea. Under the terms of the agreement, Boryung is
 responsible for manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution
 of docosanol 10 cream, and paying a royalty to us on product
 sales. The agreement includes a supply provision under which
 Boryung purchases from us its entire requirement of active
 ingredient for use in the manufacture of topical docosanol 10 
 cream. Boryung launched the product, Herepair, in June 2002.

F-45

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

GlaxoSmithKline Subsidiary, SB Pharmco Puerto Rico, Inc.
 GlaxoSmithKline ). On March 31,
 2000, we signed an exclusive license agreement with
 GlaxoSmithKline (NYSE: GSK) for rights to manufacture and sell
 Abreva (docosanol 10 cream) as an
 over-the-counter 
 product in the United States and Canada as a treatment for
 recurrent oral-facial herpes. Under the terms of the license
 agreement, GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare is responsible
 for all sales and marketing activities and the manufacturing and
 distribution of Abreva in North America. The terms of the
 license agreement provide for us to earn royalties on product
 sales. In October 2000 and August 2005, GlaxoSmithKline launched
 Abreva in the United States and Canada, respectively. All
 milestones under the agreement were earned and paid prior to
 fiscal 2003. During fiscal 2003, we sold an undivided interest
 in the GlaxoSmithKline license agreement to Drug Royalty with a
 term until the later of December 13, 2013 or until the
 expiration of the patent for Abreva. (See Note 13,
 Deferred Revenue. 

Bruno Farmaceutici Bruno ). In
 July 2002, we entered into an agreement with Bruno giving them
 the rights to manufacture and sell docosanol 10 cream in Italy,
 Europe s fourth largest market for the topical treatment of
 cold sores. The agreement requires that Bruno purchase its
 entire requirement of raw materials from us and pay us a royalty
 on product sales. Docosanol 10 cream is not yet approved for
 marketing in Italy. Bruno is responsible for obtaining
 regulatory approval in Italy. This agreement will continue until
 the fifteenth anniversary of the first shipment date.

P.N. Gerolymatos SA.
 Gerolymatos ). In May 2004, we signed
 an exclusive agreement with Gerolymatos giving them the rights
 to manufacture and sell docosanol 10 cream as a treatment for
 cold sores in Greece, Cyprus, Turkey and Romania. Under the
 terms of the agreement, Gerolymatos will be responsible for all
 sales and marketing activities, as well as manufacturing and
 distribution of the product. The terms of the agreement provide
 for us to receive a license fee, royalties on product sales and
 milestones related to product approvals in Greece, Cyprus,
 Turkey and Romania. This agreement will continue until the
 latest of the 12th anniversary of the first commercial sale
 in each of those respective countries, or the date that the
 patent expires, or the last date of the expiration of any period
 of data exclusivity in those countries. Gerolymatos is also
 responsible for regulatory submissions to obtain marketing
 approval of the product in the licensed territories.

ACO HUD. In September 2004, we signed an
 exclusive agreement with ACO HUD giving them the rights to
 manufacture and sell docosanol 10 cream as a treatment for cold
 sores in Sweden, Norway, Denmark and Finland. Stockholm-based
 ACO HUD is the Scandinavian market leader in sales of cosmetic
 and medicinal skincare products. ACO HUD launched the product in
 fiscal 2005. Under the terms of the agreement, ACO HUD will be
 responsible for all sales and marketing activities, as well as
 manufacturing and distribution of the product. The terms of the
 agreement provide for us to receive a license fee, royalties on
 product sales and milestones related to product approvals in
 Norway, Denmark and Finland. This agreement will continue until
 either: 15 years from the anniversary of the first
 commercial sale in each of those respective countries, or, until
 the date that the patent expires, or, the last date of the
 expiration of any period of data exclusivity in those countries,
 whichever occurs last. ACO HUD is also responsible for
 regulatory submissions to obtain marketing approval of the
 product in the licensed territories.

Government research grants. We are also
 engaged in various research programs funded by government
 research grants. The government research grants are to be used
 for conducting research on various docosanol-based formulations
 for a potential genital herpes product and development of
 antibodies to anthrax toxins. In June 2006, we were notified
 that we had been awarded a 2.0 million research grant from
 the NIH for ongoing research and development related to our
 anthrax antibody. Under the terms of the grant, the NIH will
 reimburse us for up to 2.0 million in certain expenses
 (including expenses incurred in the 90 days preceding the
 grant award date) related to the establishment of a cGMP
 manufacturing process and the testing of efficacy of the anthrax
 antibody. The balance remaining under the research grants as of
 September 30, 2006 and 2005 was approximately
 2.0 million and 161,000, respectively.

F-46

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

19. 

Related
 Party Transactions 

IriSys
 Research and Development, LLC 

License Agreement. On August 1, 2000, we
 entered into an agreement with IriSys Inc. (formerly IriSys
 Research and Development, LLC) to sublicense the exclusive
 worldwide rights to a patented drug formulation, Zenvia, to
 treat multiple central nervous system disorders
 Sublicense Agreement ). IriSys held exclusive rights
 to Zenvia under an Exclusive Patent License Agreement with the
 Center for Neurologic Study CNS ), dated
 April 2, 1997 (the License Agreement ). Under
 the Sublicense Agreement, we were obligated to make certain
 payments upon achieving certain specified milestones, royalties
 on product sales and a specified percentage of any future
 royalties that we might have received from potential licensees.
 We had never made any payments nor were any payments due to
 IriSys under the Sublicense Agreement.

In March 2005, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement,
 pursuant to which our wholly owned subsidiary, Avanir Holding
 Company, acquired from IriSys certain additional contractual
 rights to Zenvia. As a result, through our wholly owned
 subsidiary we hold the exclusive worldwide marketing rights to
 Zenvia for certain indications as set forth under the License
 Agreement and have no further license arrangements with IriSys.
 We will be obligated to pay CNS milestone payments upon
 achievement of certain future events relating to the FDA s
 regulatory approval process for Zenvia and a royalty on
 commercial sales of Zenvia, if and when the drug is approved by
 the FDA for commercialization. Under certain circumstances, we
 may have the obligation to pay CNS a share of net revenues
 received if we sublicense Zenvia to a third party.

Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, we paid IriSys a
 purchase price of 7.2 million including 1.9 million
 in cash and 500,000 shares of our Class A common stock
 with a fair value of 5.3 million. The value of the
 acquired assets was determined based on various financial models
 for the commercialization of Zenvia for different indications,
 as well as the projected discounted cash flow and net present
 value under each such model. The fair value of the common stock
 issued in the transaction was calculated at 10.60 per share
 using the
 5-day 
 average closing price of our common stock, beginning two days
 before and ending two days after the close and announcement of
 the agreement on March 9, 2005. Because of the uncertainty
 of receiving future economic benefits from the acquired
 contractual rights, particularly given that Zenvia had not been
 approved by the FDA for commercialization at the time of this
 transaction, the purchase price was immediately charged to
 research and development expense in accordance with United
 States generally accepted accounting principles.

Dr. Yakatan, our former president and chief executive
 officer, was a founder and the majority shareholder of IriSys.
 As required by the Asset Purchase Agreement, Dr. Yakatan
 resigned as a director of IriSys effective April 9, 2005.
 In May 2005, Dr. Yakatan resigned as our president and
 chief executive officer and director. In connection with
 Dr. Yakatan s resignation, we agreed to pay him
 severance payments in the aggregate amount of approximately
 496,000, which included health benefits for a period of
 12 months. We also agreed to pay him a bonus of 88,000 for
 fiscal 2005 which was paid in full as of September 30,
 2005. The severance payment obligations were expensed during
 fiscal 2005 and were paid in 26 installments over the period of
 one year from May 16, 2005. The balance of accrued but
 unpaid severance payment obligations for Dr. Yakatan is
 approximately 0 and 319,000 as of September 30, 2006 and
 2005, respectively.

Dr. Yakatan was retained by us as a consultant at an
 agreed-upon 
 hourly rate until May 15, 2006 to advise us on FDA
 regulatory matters, if and as needed. Additionally, the vesting
 of options to purchase 227,580 shares of Class A
 common stock, held by Dr. Yakatan as of the resignation
 date, was accelerated to become immediately vested. No
 compensation charge had been recorded in the fiscal year ended
 September 30, 2005 for the accelerated vesting, because the
 acceleration did not result in any of the
 in-the-money 
 options vesting that otherwise would have expired unvested at
 the conclusion of the consulting agreement.

Fair Value Analysis. Standard &
 Poor s Corporate Value Consulting group
 S served as the financial advisor to the
 Corporate Governance Committee, which negotiated the contract on
 behalf of the Board and the Company. S&P reviewed the terms
 of the Asset Purchase Agreement and provided the Committee with
 a favorable

F-47

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

opinion regarding the fairness, from a financial point of view,
 of the agreement to
 Avanir and its
 shareholders. In assessing the value of the assets acquired
 pursuant to the agreement, S&P considered various financial
 models for the commercialization of Zenvia for different
 indications, as well as the projected discounted cash flow and
 net present value under each such model.

Research and development. In June 2003, we
 engaged IriSys to continue Zenvia stability studies previously
 being carried out for us by another company that was no longer
 in the business of providing such services. The service
 arrangement was transferred to IriSys following termination with
 the other company because IriSys was already familiar with the
 stability protocol. During fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, we paid
 IriSys 0, 0 and 4,200, respectively, related to continuation
 of the stability testing.

20. 

Income
 Taxes 

Components of the income tax benefit (provision) are as follows
 for the fiscal years ended September 30:

2006 

2005 

2004 

Current:

State and foreign

(2,430

(1,813

(2,664

Deferred:

Federal

20,625,828

10,143,270

10,900,106

State

(540,800

5,017,269

246,528

20,085,028

15,160,539

11,146,634

Increase in deferred income tax
 asset valuation allowance

(20,085,028

(15,160,539

(11,146,634

Total income tax provision

(2,430

(1,813

(2,664

A reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate and
 the effective income tax rate is as follows for the fiscal years
 ended September 30:

2006 

2005 

2004 

Federal statutory rate

(34

(34

(34

Increase in deferred income tax
 asset valuation allowance

32

50

40

State income taxes, net of federal
 effect

(5

(6

(6

Research and development credits

(2

(5

(4

Expired net operating loss and
 other tax credits

2

1

Other

7

(5

3

Effective income tax rate

0

0

0

F-48

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Deferred income taxes reflect the income tax effects of
 temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
 liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts
 used for income tax purposes. Significant components of our net
 deferred income tax balance were as follows:

September 30, 

2006 

2005 

Net operating loss carryforwards

64,594,100

46,522,001

Deferred revenue

9,274,407

7,631,558

Research credit carryforwards

9,682,998

8,799,375

Capitalized research and
 development costs

1,800,079

2,216,029

Capitalized license fees and
 patents

4,037,033

2,959,707

Share-based compensation and
 options

1,136,117

Purchased intangible assets

450,751

Foreign tax credits

595,912

595,912

Other

2,036,885

779,763

Deferred income tax assets

93,608,282

69,504,345

Less valuation allowance for net
 deferred income tax assets

(93,608,282

(69,504,345

We have provided a full valuation allowance against the net
 deferred income tax assets recorded as of September 30,
 2006 and 2005 as we concluded that they are unlikely to be
 realized. The net operating loss and research credit
 carryforwards expire on various dates through 2026. We also have
 foreign tax credit carryforwards of 596,000, which begin to
 expire in 2011, unless previously utilized. In the event of
 certain ownership changes, the Tax Reform Act of 1986 imposes
 certain restrictions on the amount of net operating loss carry
 forwards that we may use in any year. As of September 30,
 2006, we had 175.7 million and 91.5 million of
 Federal and State net operating loss carryforwards,
 respectively. As of September 30, 2006, we had
 5.9 million and 5.3 million of Federal and
 California research and development credit carryforwards,
 respectively.

21. 

Employee
 Savings Plan 

We have established an employee savings plan pursuant to
 Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The plan
 allows participating employees to deposit into tax deferred
 investment accounts up to 50 of their salary, subject to annual
 limits. We are not required to make matching contributions under
 the plan. However, we voluntarily contributed 132,000 in fiscal
 2006, 96,000 in fiscal 2005 and 56,000 in fiscal 2004 to the
 plan.

22. 

Segment
 Information 

We operate our business on the basis of a single reportable
 segment, which is the business of discovery, development and
 commercialization of novel therapeutics for chronic diseases.
 Our chief operating decision-maker is the Chief Executive
 Officer, who evaluates our company as a single operating segment.

We categorize revenues by geographic area based on selling
 location. All our operations are currently located in the United
 States; therefore, total revenues for fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004
 are attributed to the United States. All long-lived assets at
 September 30, 2006 and 2005 are located in the United
 States.

Revenues derived from our license agreements with AstraZeneca
 and Novartis accounted for approximately 71 and 13 ,
 respectively, of our total revenues in fiscal 2006 and 66 and
 19 , respectively, of our total revenues in fiscal 2005.
 Approximately 13 , 10 and 48 of our total revenues in fiscal
 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively, are derived from our license
 agreement with GlaxoSmithKline and the sale of rights to
 royalties under that agreement. Net receivables from AstraZeneca
 and Novartis accounted for approximately 26 and 3 ,

F-49

Table of Contents 

Avanir
 Pharmaceuticals 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

respectively, of our net receivables at September 30, 2006
 and 81 and 5 , respectively, of our total net receivables at
 September 30, 2005.

The wholesale value of FazaClo shipments, net of returns, to
 McKesson Corporation, AmeriSourceBergen Corporation and Cardinal
 Health were 53 , 18 and 16 , respectively, of our total net
 shipments totaling 6.2 million in fiscal 2006. Net
 receivables from McKesson Corporation, AmeriSourceBergen
 Corporation and Cardinal Health accounted for 27 , 11 and 14 ,
 respectively, of our total net receivables at September 30,
 2006.

23. 

Subsequent
 Events 

Approvable Letter On October 30, 2006,
 we received an approvable letter from the FDA for
 our NDA submission for Zenvia for the treatment of IEED/PBA. An
 approvable letter is an official notification from the FDA that
 certain additional conditions must be satisfied prior to
 obtaining U.S. marketing approval for a new drug. The
 approvable letter that we received from the FDA outlined
 concerns that the agency has regarding the efficacy and safety
 data contained in our NDA submission, which may require
 additional clinical trials and data in order to obtain marketing
 approval. The principal questions
 and/or 
 concerns raised in the approvable letter related to the
 following: (i) the choice of statistical methods used to
 analyze a secondary endpoint in the ALS trial and whether the
 requirements of the combination drug policy have been met and
 (ii) safety concerns relating to Zenvia s active
 ingredients, dextromethorphan and quinidine sulfate,
 particularly for the patient population that would be prescribed
 Zenvia.

Because the approvable letter did not specify the exact data and
 what additional clinical trials may be required, if any, we have
 requested a meeting with the FDA in the first quarter of 2007 to
 clarify what would be needed for marketing approval. Until we
 meet with the FDA, we will not know how extensive any required
 additional data
 and/or 
 trials are likely to be. However, we believe that it is likely
 that the FDA s requirements for additional data may be
 substantial and that we may be required to undertake additional
 trials that would be costly and time consuming. Accordingly, we
 cannot be certain that, once we have met with the FDA, we will
 continue the development of Zenvia as previously planned. We
 submitted the NDA for Zenvia in January 2006, seeking to market
 Zenvia for the treatment of IEED/PBA in patients with neurologic
 diseases and brain injuries.

Following receipt of the approvable letter from the FDA for
 Zenvia, we have taken several steps intended to significantly
 reduce on-going operating expenses. Effective November 9,
 2006, we have suspended all commercial initiatives focused on
 Zenvia for the treatment of IEED and have reduced research and
 development expenses including placing on hold activities
 associated with the selective cytokine inhibitor clinical
 development program.

Sale of Common Stock and Warrants On
 November 3, 2006, we entered into a securities purchase
 agreement with certain investors pursuant to which we issued and
 sold 5,265,000 shares of Class A common stock at a
 price of 2.85 per share (the Offering ). As part of
 the Offering, the purchasers also received warrants to purchase
 a total of 1,053,000 shares of Class A common stock at
 an exercise price of 3.30 per share. The warrants become
 exercisable six months after the closing on November 7,
 2006 and then remain exercisable for a period of six months. The
 gross proceeds of the offering were approximately
 15.0 million, before offering expenses and commissions,
 and the net offering proceeds were approximately
 14.4 million. The offering was made pursuant to our shelf
 registration statement on
 Form S-3 
 filed on July 22, 2005. Pursuant to the terms of the Notes,
 2.9 million of the funds raised were used to repay the
 first note.

F-50

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Index 

3

.1

Restated Articles of Incorporation
 of the Registrant, dated April 1, 2004(13)

3

.2

Amended and Restated Bylaws of the
 Registrant, dated September 25, 2005(14)

4

.1

Form of Class A Common Stock
 Certificate(1)

4

.2

Certificate of Determination with
 respect to Series C Junior Participating Preferred Stock of
 the Registrant(2)

4

.3

Rights Agreement, dated as of
 March 5, 1999, with American Stock Transfer &
 Trust Company(2)

4

.4

Form of Rights Certificate with
 respect to the Rights Agreement, dated as of March 5,
 1999(2)

4

.5

Amendment No. 1 to Rights
 Agreement, dated November 30, 1999, with American Stock
 Transfer & Trust Company(4)

4

.6

Form of Class A Stock
 Purchase Warrant, issued in connection with the Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated July 21, 2003(10)

4

.7

Form of Class A Stock
 Purchase Warrant, issued in connection with the Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated November 25, 2003(11)

10

.1

License Agreement, dated
 March 31, 2000, by and between
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals and SB Pharmco Puerto Rico, a Puerto Rico
 Corporation(5)

10

.2

License Agreement, dated
 November 22, 2002, by and between
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals and Drug Royalty USA, Inc.(17)

10

.3

Research, Development and
 Commercialization Agreement, dated April 27, 2005, by and
 between
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals and Novartis International Pharmaceutical
 Ltd. (18)

10

.4

Research Collaboration and License
 Agreement, dated July 8, 2005, by and
 between 
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals and AstraZeneca UK Limited (23)

10

.5

Standard Industrial Net Lease by
 and between
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals and BC Sorrento, LLC, effective
 September 1, 2000(6)

10

.6

Standard Industrial Net Lease by
 and between
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals Tenant and Sorrento Plaza, a
 California limited partnership Landlord ), effective
 May 20, 2002(8)

10

.7

Office lease agreement by and
 between RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF and
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals, dated April 28, 2006

10

.8

License Agreement, dated
 August 1, 2000, by and between
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals Licensee and Irisys Research and
 Development, LLC, a California limited liability company(6)

10

.9

Sublease agreement between
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals and Sirion Therapeutics, Inc., dated
 September 5, 2006

10

.10

License Agreement, dated
 April 2, 1997, by and between Irisys Research &
 Development, LLC and the Center for Neurologic Study(16)

10

.11

Amendment to License Agreement,
 dated April 11, 2000, by and between IriSys
 Research & Development, LLC and the Center for
 Neurologic Study(16)

10

.12

Clinical Development Agreement,
 dated March 22, 2005, by and between
 Avanir 
 Pharmaceuticals and SCIREX Corporation(16)

10

.13

Unit Purchase Agreement by and
 among AVANIR Pharmaceuticals, the Sellers and Alamo
 Pharmaceuticals, LLC, dated May 22, 2006 (24)

10

.14

Senior Note for 14.4 million
 payable to Neal R. Cutler, dated May 24, 2006(24)

10

.15

Senior Note for 6,675,000 payable
 to Neal R. Cutler, dated May 24, 2006(24)

10

.16

Senior Note for 4.0 million
 payable to Neal R. Cutler, dated May 24. 2006(24)

10

.17

Registration Rights Agreement
 between Avanir Pharmaceuticals and Neil Cutler, dated
 May 24, 2006(24)

10

.18

Amended and Restated Development,
 License and Supply Agreement by and between CIMA Labs Inc. and
 Alamo Pharmaceuticals, LLC, dated August 22, 2005 (24)

10

.19

Amendment #1 to Amended and
 Restated Development, License and Supply Agreement by and
 between CIMA Labs Inc. and Alamo Pharmaceuticals, LLC, dated
 October 19, 2005 (24)

10

.20

Docosanol License Agreement
 between Kobayashi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and AVANIR
 Pharmaceuticals, dated January 5, 2006 (28)

Table of Contents 

10

.21

Docosanol Data Transfer and Patent
 License Agreement between AVANIR Pharmaceuticals and Healthcare
 Brands International Limited, dated July 6, 2006 

10

.22

Development and License Agreement
 between Eurand, Inc. and AVANIR Pharmaceuticals, dated
 August 7, 2006 

10

.23

Amended and Restated 1998 Stock
 Option Plan(7)

10

.24

Amended and Restated 1994 Stock
 Option Plan(7)

10

.25

Amended and Restated 2000 Stock
 Option Plan(9)

10

.26

Form of Restricted Stock Grant
 Notice for use with Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Option
 Plan(9)

10

.27

2003 Equity Incentive Plan(9)

10

.28

Form of Non-qualified Stock Option
 Award Notice for use with 2003 Equity Incentive Plan(9)

10

.29

Form of Restricted Stock Grant for
 use with 2003 Equity Incentive Plan(9)

10

.30

Form of Restricted Stock Grant
 Notice (cash consideration) for use with 2003 Equity Incentive
 Plan(9)

10

.31

Form of Indemnification Agreement
 with certain Directors and Executive Officers of the
 Registrant(12)

10

.32

2005 Equity Incentive Plan(23)

10

.33

Form of Stock Option Agreement for
 use with 2005 Equity Incentive Plan(20)

10

.34

Form of Restricted Stock Unit
 Agreement for use with 2005 Equity Incentive Plan and 2003
 Equity Incentive Plan

10

.35

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement
 for use with 2005 Equity Incentive Plan

10

.36

Form of Change of Control
 Agreement(26)

10

.37

Employment Agreement with Eric
 Brandt, dated August 15, 2005 (23)

10

.38

Employment Agreement with Keith
 Katkin, dated June 13, 2005(23)

10

.39

Employment Agreement with Michael
 J. Puntoriero, dated May 4, 2006

10

.40

Employment Agreement with Randall
 Kaye, dated December 23, 2005(25)

10

.41

Employment Agreement with Theresa
 Hope-Reese, dated August 7, 2006(27)

18

.1

Letter regarding change in
 accounting principle

21

.1

List of Subsidiaries

23

.1

Consent of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm

31

.1

Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002

31

.2

Certification of Chief Financial
 Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002

31

.3

Certification of Chief Accounting
 Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002

32

.1

Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002

32

.2

Certification of Chief Financial
 Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002

32

.3

Certification of Chief Accounting
 Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002

Certain confidential portions of this exhibit have been
 retracted. A complete copy of this exhibit has been filed with
 the Secretary of the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant
 to an application requesting confidential treatment under
 Rule 246-2 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

(1) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, 
 File No.
 33-32742, 
 declared effective by the Commission on May 8, 1990. 

(2) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed March 11, 1999. 

(3) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed April 1, 1999. 

(4) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed December 3, 1999. 

(5) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed May 4, 2000. 

Table of Contents 

(6) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 14, 2000. 

(7) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed December 21, 2001. 

(8) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 13, 2002. 

(9) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed May 13, 2003. 

(10) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Registration on From
 S-3, File
 No. 333-107820, 
 declared effective by the Commission on August 19, 2003. 

(11) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed December 11, 2003. 

(12) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed December 23, 2003. 

(13) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed on April 6, 2004. 

(14) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed September 28, 2005. 

(15) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed September 21, 2004. 

(16) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed May 13, 2005. 

(17) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed January 7, 2003. 

(18) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 12, 2005. 

(19) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed March 23, 2005. 

(20) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed October 24, 2005. 

(21) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 filed December 14, 2005. 

(22) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed August 9, 2006. 

(23) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed February 9, 2006. 

(24) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed June 26, 2006. 

(25) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, 
 filed August 10, 2006. 

(26) 

Incorporated by reference to the similarly described exhibit
 included with the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 filed May 10, 2006. 

<EX-10.7>
 2
 a25225exv10w7.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.7

Exhibit 10.7 

EXHIBIT 10.7 

LEASE 

RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF, 

a Maryland corporation, 

Landlord, 

and 

AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, 
a California corporation, 

Tenant 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

page 

1.

USE AND RESTRICTIONS ON USE 

1 

2.

TERM 

2 

3.

RENT 

3 

4.

RENT ADJUSTMENTS 

4 

5.

SECURITY DEPOSIT 

7 

6.

ALTERATIONS 

7 

7.

REPAIR 

8 

8.

LIENS 

8 

9.

ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING 

8 

10.

INDEMNIFICATION 

10 

11.

INSURANCE 

11 

12.

WAIVER OF SUBROGATION 

11 

13.

SERVICES AND UTILITIES 

11 

14.

HOLDING OVER 

13 

15.

SUBORDINATION 

13 

16.

RULES AND REGULATIONS 

13 

17.

REENTRY BY LANDLORD 

13 

18.

DEFAULT 

14 

19.

REMEDIES 

14 

20.

TENANT S BANKRUPTCY OR INSOLVENCY 

16 

21.

QUIET ENJOYMENT 

16 

22.

CASUALTY 

17 

23.

EMINENT DOMAIN 

18 

24.

SALE BY LANDLORD 

18 

25.

ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES 

18 

26.

SURRENDER OF PREMISES 

18 

27.

NOTICES 

19 

28.

TAXES PAYABLE BY TENANT 

19 

29.

RELOCATION OF TENANT 

19 

30.

PARKING 

20 

31.

DEFINED TERMS AND HEADINGS 

21 

32.

TENANT S AUTHORITY 

21 

33.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND CREDIT REPORTS 

21 

34.

COMMISSIONS 

22 

35.

TIME AND APPLICABLE LAW 

22 

36.

SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS 

22 

37.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT 

22 

38.

EXAMINATION NOT OPTION 

22 

i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
(continued) 

page 

39.

RECORDATION 

22 

40.

OPTION TO RENEW 

22 

41.

RIGHT OF FIRST OFFER 

23 

42.

SUITE SIGNAGE 

24 

43.

BUILDING SIGNAGE 

24 

44.

BUILDING SIGNAGE 

25 

45.

MONUMENT SIGNAGE 

26 

46.

LANDLORD DEFAULT 

26 

47.

LIMITATION OF LANDLORD S LIABILITY 

26 

EXHIBIT A FLOOR PLAN DEPICTING THE PREMISES

EXHIBIT A-1 SITE PLAN

EXHIBIT B INITIAL ALTERATIONS

EXHIBIT C INITIAL PREMISES COMMENCEMENT DATE MEMORANDUM

EXHIBIT C-1 ADDITIONAL PREMISES COMMENCEMENT DATE MEMORANDUM

EXHIBIT D RULES AND REGULATIONS

EXHIBIT E EARLY POSSESSION AGREEMENT

REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

ii 

GROSS (BY) OFFICE LEASE 

REFERENCE PAGES 

BUILDING:

101 Enterprise 

Aliso Viejo, California 

LANDLORD:

RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF, 

a Maryland corporation 

LANDLORD S ADDRESS:

101 Enterprise, Suite 150 

Aliso Viejo, California 92656 

WIRE INSTRUCTIONS AND/OR ADDRESS FOR

RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF 

RENT PAYMENT:

Department 2796 

Los Angeles, California 90084-2796 

LEASE REFERENCE DATE:

April 28, 2006 

TENANT:

AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, 

a California corporation 

TENANT S NOTICE ADDRESS:

(a) As of beginning of Term:

101 Enterprise, Suite 300 

Aliso Viejo, California 92656 

(b) Prior to beginning of Term (if
different):

11388 Sorrento Valley Road 

San Diego, California 92121 

PREMISES ADDRESS: 

101 Enterprise, Suites 300, 320, 330 335 
Aliso Viejo, California 92656

PREMISES RENTABLE AREA:

Approximately 17,609 sq. ft. (consisting
of approximately 5,074 sq. ft. known as
Suite 300 and approximately 6,245 sq. ft.
known as Suite 320 (collectively, the
 Initial Premises and approximately
4,939 sq. ft. known as Suite 330 and
approximately 1,351 sq. ft. known as
Suite 335 (collectively, the Additional
Premises )). The Initial Premises and
Additional Premises shall be collectively
referred to herein as the Premises .
For an outline of the Premises see
 Exhibit A . 

SCHEDULED COMMENCEMENT DATES:

Initial Premises: June 15, 2006 Scheduled Initial Premises Commencement
Date 

Additional Premises: April 15, 2007 Scheduled Additional Premises
Commencement Date 

TERM OF LEASE:

Approximately five (5) years beginning on
the Initial Premises Commencement Date
and ending on the Termination Date. The
period from the Initial Premises
Commencement Date to the last day of the
same month is the Commencement Month. 

iii

Initials 

TERMINATION DATE:

The last day of the sixtieth
(60 th full calendar
month after (if the Commencement
Month is not a full calendar
month), or from and including (if
the Commencement Month is a full
calendar month), the Commencement
Month, which Termination Date is
estimated to be June 14, 2011. 

ANNUAL RENT and MONTHLY INSTALLMENT OF 

RENT FOR THE INITIAL PREMISES (Article
3):

Period 
 
 Rentable Square 
 
 Annual Rent 
 
 Annual Rent 
 
 Monthly Installment 

from 
 
 through 
 
 Footage 
 
 Per Square Foot 

of Rent 

6/15/2006 

11,319 

31.80 

359,944.20 

29,995.35 

Or the actual Initial Premises Commencement Date. 

One day prior to the Additional Premises Commencement Date. 

Subject to abatement pursuant to Section 3.3 of this Lease. 

ANNUAL RENT and MONTHLY INSTALLMENT OF 
RENT FOR THE PREMISES (Article 3):

Period 
 
 Rentable Square 
 
 Annual Rent 
 
 Annual Rent 
 
 Monthly Installment 

from 
 
 through 
 
 Footage 
 
 Per Square Foot 

of Rent 

Additional
Premises
Commencement Date

6/14/2007 

17,609 

31.80 

559,966.20 

46,663.85 

6/15/2007

6/14/2008 

17,609 

32.75 

576,694.75 

48,057.90 

6/15/2008

6/14/2009 

17,609 

33.73 

593,951.57 

49,495.96 

6/15/2009

6/14/2010 

17,609 

34.74 

611,736.66 

50,978.06 

6/15/2010

6/14/2011 

17,609 

35.78 

630,050.02 

52,504.17 

BASE YEAR (EXPENSES):

2006 

BASE YEAR (TAXES):

2006 

BASE YEAR (INSURANCE):

2006 

TENANT S PROPORTIONATE SHARE:

2.34 for the Initial Premises 
3.64 for the Initial Premises and the
Additional Premises, collectively, effective
as of the Additional Premises Commencement
Date 

SECURITY DEPOSIT:

57,754.59 

ASSIGNMENT/SUBLETTING FEE:

1,000.00 

AFTER-HOURS HVAC COST:

60.00 per hour, subject to change from time
to time in accordance with Section 13.2 

REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

iv

Initials 

PARKING:

Tenant shall be entitled to the
non-exclusive use of Tenant s
Proportionate Share of unassigned,
non-reserved parking passes at no
charge to Tenant during the
initial Term in accordance with
the terms of this Lease, which as
of the date of this Lease is 45
parking passes for the Initial
Premises and an additional 25
parking passes for the Additional
Premises, for a total of 70
parking passes for the Premises.
Tenant shall be entitled to
convert up to 5 parking passes to
reserved covered parking passes.
(See Article 30 on Parking.)

REAL ESTATE BROKER:

CB Richard Ellis, representing
both Landlord and Tenant, to which
Landlord shall pay a commission in
connection with this Lease in
accordance with a separate
agreement

TENANT S SIC CODE:

2834 

BUILDING BUSINESS HOURS:

7:00 a.m. 7:00 p.m., Monday
through Friday (excluding Building
holidays) and 8:00 a.m. 2:00
p.m. Saturdays.

AMORTIZATION RATE:

N/A 

The Reference Pages information is incorporated into and made a part of the Lease. In the event of
any conflict between any Reference Pages information and the Lease, the Lease shall control. The
Lease includes Exhibits A through E, all of which are made a part of the Lease.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have entered into the Lease as of the Lease Reference Date
set forth above.

LANDLORD: 

TENANT: 

RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF, 

AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, 

a Maryland corporation 

a California corporation 

By:

RREEF Management Company, a
Delaware corporation, its Property Manager 

By:

By: 

Name:

Robin Iles

Name:

Eric K. Brandt 

Title:

Vice President, District Manager

Title:

President and CEO 

Dated:

, 2006

Dated:

, 2006 

By: 

Name:

Keith Katkin 

Title:

Sr. Vice President, Sales and Marketing 

Dated:

, 2006 

v 

LEASE 

By this Lease Landlord leases to Tenant and Tenant leases from Landlord the Premises in the
Building as set forth and described on the Reference Pages. The Premises are depicted on the floor
plan attached hereto as Exhibit A , and the Building is depicted on the site plan attached
hereto as Exhibit A-1 . The Reference Pages, including all terms defined thereon, are
incorporated as part of this Lease.

1. USE AND RESTRICTIONS ON USE. 

1.1 The Premises are to be used solely for general office purposes. Tenant shall not do or
permit anything to be done in or about the Premises which will in any way obstruct or interfere
with the rights of other tenants or occupants of the Building or injure, annoy, or disturb them, or
allow the Premises to be used for any (in Landlord s reasonable judgment) improper, immoral,
unlawful, or objectionable purpose, or commit any waste. Tenant shall not do, permit or suffer in,
on, or about the Premises the sale of any alcoholic liquor without the written consent of Landlord
first obtained. Tenant shall comply with all federal, state and city laws, codes, ordinances,
rules and regulations (collectively, Regulations applicable to the use of the Premises and its
occupancy and shall promptly comply with all governmental orders and directions for the correction,
prevention and abatement of any violations in the Building or appurtenant land, caused or permitted
by, or resulting from the specific use by, Tenant, or in or upon, or in connection with, the
Premises, all at Tenant s sole expense. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein,
except to the extent properly included in Expenses, Landlord shall be responsible for the cost of
correcting any violations of Title III of the ADA with respect to the interior and exterior common
areas of the Building, at its sole cost and expense. Tenant shall not do or permit anything to be
done on or about the Premises or bring or keep anything into the Premises which will in any way
increase the rate of, invalidate or prevent the procuring of any insurance protecting against loss
or damage to the Building or any of its contents by fire or other casualty or against liability for
damage to property or injury to persons in or about the Building or any part thereof.

1.2 Tenant shall not, and shall not direct, suffer or permit any of its agents, contractors,
employees, licensees or invitees (collectively, the Tenant Entities to at any time handle, use,
manufacture, store or dispose of in or about the Premises or the Building any (collectively,
 Hazardous Materials flammables, explosives, radioactive materials, hazardous wastes or
materials, toxic wastes or materials, or other similar substances, petroleum products or
derivatives or any substance subject to regulation by or under any federal, state and local laws
and ordinances relating to the protection of the environment or the keeping, use or disposition of
environmentally hazardous materials, substances, or wastes, presently in effect or hereafter
adopted, all amendments to any of them, and all rules and regulations issued pursuant to any of
such laws or ordinances (collectively, Environmental Laws ), nor shall Tenant suffer or permit any
Hazardous Materials to be used in any manner not fully in compliance with all Environmental Laws,
in the Premises or the Building and appurtenant land or allow the environment to become
contaminated with any Hazardous Materials. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant may handle,
store, use or dispose of products containing small quantities of Hazardous Materials (such as
aerosol cans containing insecticides, toner for copiers, paints, paint remover and the like) to the
extent customary and necessary for the use of the Premises for general office purposes; provided
that Tenant shall always handle, store, use, and dispose of any such Hazardous Materials in a safe
and lawful manner and never allow such Hazardous Materials to contaminate the Premises, Building
and appurtenant land or the environment. Tenant shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold each and
all of the Landlord Entities (as defined in Article 31) harmless from and against any and all loss,
claims, liability or costs (including court costs and reasonable attorney s fees) incurred by
reason of any actual or asserted failure of Tenant to fully comply with all applicable
Environmental Laws, or the presence, handling, use or disposition in or from the Premises of any
Hazardous Materials by Tenant or any Tenant Entity (even though permissible under all applicable
Environmental Laws or the provisions of this Lease), or by reason of any actual or asserted failure
of Tenant to keep, observe, or perform any provision of this Section 1.2. As of the date hereof,
Landlord has not received written notice from any governmental agencies that the Building is in
violation of any Environmental Laws.

1.3 Tenant and the Tenant Entities will be entitled to the non-exclusive use of the common
areas of the Building as they exist from time to time during the Term, including the parking
facilities, subject to Landlord s reasonable rules and regulations adopted from time to time
regarding such use, which rules and regulations shall be generally applicable to all users of the
parking facilities. However, in no event will Tenant or the Tenant Entities park more vehicles in
the parking facilities than Tenant s Proportionate Share of the total parking spaces available for
common use. The foregoing shall not be deemed to provide Tenant with an exclusive right to any
parking spaces or any guaranty of the availability of any particular parking spaces or any specific
number of parking spaces (except as specifically set forth in the Reference Pages under Parking .

1 

2. TERM. 

2.1 The Term of this Lease for the Initial Premises, subject to Tenant Delays (as defined
below in Section 2.2), shall begin on the date that Landlord shall tender possession of the Initial
Premises to Tenant with the Initial Premises Alterations (as defined in Exhibit B to this
Lease) Substantially Complete (as defined below in this Section 2.1) (such date is the Initial
Premises Commencement Date ), and shall terminate on the date as shown on the Reference Pages Termination Date ), unless sooner terminated by the provisions of this Lease. The Term of this
Lease for the Additional Premises, subject to Tenant Delays, shall begin on the date that Landlord
shall tender possession of the Additional Premises to Tenant with the Additional Premises
Alterations Substantially Complete (the Additional Premises Commencement Date ), and shall
terminate on the Termination Date, unless sooner terminated by the provisions of this Lease. The
Initial Premises Commencement Date shall be the Commencement Date as used in this Lease, except
that with respect to obligations that are specific to the Additional Premises, the Commencement
Date shall mean the Additional Premises Commencement Date. Tenant shall deliver a punch list of
items of the Initial Premises Alterations that are not completed within thirty (30) days after
Landlord tenders possession of the Initial Premises and Landlord agrees to proceed with due
diligence to perform its obligations regarding such items and to use commercially reasonable
efforts to complete such items within thirty (30) days following receipt of such punch list.
Tenant shall deliver a punch list of items of the Additional Premises Alterations not completed
within thirty (30) days after Landlord tenders possession of the Additional Premises and Landlord
agrees to proceed with due diligence to perform its obligations regarding such items and to use
commercially reasonable efforts to complete such items within thirty (30) days following receipt of
such punch list. Tenant shall, at Landlord s request, execute and deliver memorandum agreements
provided by Landlord in the form of Exhibit C and Exhibit C-1 attached hereto,
setting forth the Initial Premises Commencement Date, the Additional Premises Commencement Date,
Termination Date and, if necessary, a revised rent schedule. Should Tenant fail to do so within
thirty (30) days after any such Landlord s request, the information set forth in any such
memorandum agreements provided by Landlord shall be conclusively presumed to be agreed and correct.
The Initial Premises Alterations and the Additional Premises Alterations shall each be deemed to
be Substantially Complete on the later of (a) date that all of the Initial Premises Alterations
or the Additional Premises Alterations, as the case may be, have been performed, in accordance with
the applicable Plans and with the exception of any punch list items of the type typically found on
architectural punch list , and (b) the date Landlord receives from the appropriate governmental
authorities, with respect to the Initial Alterations, all approvals necessary for the occupancy of
the Premises, if any.

2.2 Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to Substantially Complete the Initial
Premises Alterations on or before the Initial Premises Scheduled Commencement Date and the
Additional Premises Alterations on or before the Additional Premises Scheduled Commencement Date.
Tenant agrees that in the event of the inability of Landlord to so deliver possession of the
Initial Premises on the Scheduled Initial Premises Commencement Date or the Additional Premises on
the Scheduled Additional Premises Commencement Date, as the case may be, for any reason, Landlord
shall not be liable for any damage resulting from such inability, but except to the extent such
delay is the result of a Tenant Delay, Tenant shall not be liable for any rent until the time when
Landlord delivers possession of the Initial Premises to Tenant and Tenant shall not be liable for
any rent until the time when Landlord delivers possession of the Additional Premises to Tenant. No
such failure to give possession on the Scheduled Initial Premises Commencement Date or the
Scheduled Additional Premises Commencement Date, as applicable, shall affect the other obligations
of Tenant under this Lease, except that the actual Initial Premises Commencement Date and
Additional Premises Commencement Date shall be postponed until the date that Landlord delivers
possession of the Initial Premises and Additional Premises, respectively, to Tenant, except to the
extent that such delay is as a result of a Tenant Delay. For purposes of this Lease, each of the
following events shall constitute a Tenant Delay : (a) Tenant s failure to agree to or deliver
plans and specifications (in particular by the due dates set forth in Exhibit B and/or
construction cost estimates or bids; (b) Tenant s request for materials, finishes or installations
other than Landlord s standard except those, if any, that Landlord shall have expressly agreed to
furnish without extension of time agreed by Landlord; (c) Tenant s change in any plans or
specifications (subject to any grace periods in Exhibit B ; or, (d) performance or
completion by a party employed by Tenant (each of the foregoing, a Tenant Delay ). If any delay
is the result of a Tenant Delay, the Initial Premises Commencement Date or the Additional Premises
Commencement Date, as the case may be, and the payment of rent under this Lease shall be the date
that Landlord could have delivered possession of the applicable Premises to Tenant absent such
Tenant Delay. Landlord shall use reasonable efforts to notify Tenant in writing, of any
circumstances of which Landlord is aware that have caused or may cause a Tenant Delay, so that
Tenant may take whatever action is appropriate to minimize or prevent such Tenant Delay.

2.3 Subject to the terms of this Section 2.3 and provided that this Lease has been fully
executed by all parties, Tenant has execute the Early Possession Agreement attached as Exhibit
E and Tenant has delivered all prepaid rental, the Security Deposit, and insurance certificates
required hereunder, Landlord grants Tenant the right to enter the Initial Premises following
Landlord s Substantial Completion of the Initial Premises Alterations (but in any event not more
than four (4) weeks prior to the Initial Premises Commencement Date), at Tenant s sole risk solely
for the purpose of installing

2 

telecommunications and data cabling, equipment, furnishings and other
personalty therein. Such possession prior to the Initial Premises Commencement Date shall be
subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Lease, except that Tenant shall not be required
to pay Monthly Installment of Rent or Tenant s Proportionate Share of Expenses, Taxes and Insurance
Costs with respect to the period of time prior to the Initial Premises Commencement Date during
which Tenant occupies the Initial Premises solely for such purposes. However, Tenant shall be
liable for any utilities or special services provided to Tenant during such period.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Tenant takes possession of the Initial Premises before the
Initial Premises Commencement Date for any purpose other than as expressly provided in the
preceding sentence, such possession shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Lease and
Tenant shall pay Monthly Installment of Rent, Tenant s Proportionate Share of Expenses, Taxes and
Insurance Costs, and any other charges payable hereunder to Landlord for each day of possession
before the Initial Premises Commencement Date. Said early possession shall not advance the
Termination Date. Further, if Tenant takes possession of the Additional Premises before the
Additional Premises Commencement Date, such possession shall be subject to the terms and conditions
of this Lease and Tenant shall pay Monthly Installment of Rent, Tenant s Proportionate Share of
Expenses, Taxes and Insurance Costs, and any other charges payable hereunder to Landlord for each
day of possession before the Additional Premises Commencement Date.

2.4 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Initial Premises Commencement Date has not occurred
on or before the Required Completion Date (defined below), Tenant, as its sole remedy, may
terminate this Lease by giving Landlord written notice of termination on or before the earlier to
occur of: (i) 5 Business Days after the Required Completion Date; and (ii) the Initial Premises
Commencement Date. In such event, this Lease shall be deemed null and void and of no further force
and effect and Landlord shall promptly refund any prepaid rent and Security Deposit previously
advanced by Tenant under this Lease and, subject to any then existing defaults by Tenant under
 Exhibit B, if any, the parties hereto shall have no further responsibilities or obligations
to each other with respect to this Lease. The Required Completion Date shall mean the date which
is 75 days after the later of the date this Lease is properly executed and delivered by Tenant, the
date all prepaid rental and Security Deposits required under this Lease are delivered to Landlord,
and the date the building permit for the Initial Premises Alterations has been obtained. Landlord
shall make commercially reasonable efforts to timely obtain any such building permits. Landlord
and Tenant acknowledge and agree that: (i) the determination of the Initial Premises Commencement
Date shall take into consideration the effect of any Tenant Delays; and (ii) the Required
Completion Date shall be postponed by the number of days the Initial Premises Commencement Date is
delayed due to events of Force Majeure (as defined in Article 31).

3. RENT. 

3.1 Tenant agrees to pay to Landlord the Annual Rent in effect from time to time by paying the
Monthly Installment of Rent then in effect on or before the first day of each full calendar month
during the Term, except that the first full month s rent shall be paid upon the execution of this
Lease. The Monthly Installment of Rent in effect at any time shall be one-twelfth (1/12) of the
Annual Rent in effect at such time. Rent for any period during the Term which is less than a full
month shall be a prorated portion of the Monthly Installment of Rent based upon the number of days
in such month. Said rent shall be paid to Landlord, without deduction or offset and without notice
or demand, at the Rent Payment Address, as set forth on the Reference Pages, or to such other
person or at such other place as Landlord may from time to time designate in writing. If an Event
of Default occurs, Landlord may require by notice to Tenant that all subsequent rent payments be
made by an automatic payment from Tenant s bank account to Landlord s account, without cost to
Landlord. Tenant must implement such automatic payment system prior to the next scheduled rent
payment or within ten (10) days after Landlord s notice, whichever is later. Unless specified in
this Lease to the contrary, all amounts and sums payable by Tenant to Landlord pursuant to this
Lease shall be deemed additional rent.

3.2 Tenant recognizes that late payment of any rent or other sum due under this Lease will
result in administrative expense to Landlord, the extent of which additional expense is extremely
difficult and economically impractical to ascertain. Tenant therefore agrees that if rent or any
other sum is not paid when due and payable pursuant to this Lease, a late charge shall be imposed
in an amount equal to the greater of: (a) Fifty Dollars 50.00), or (b) five percent (5 of the
unpaid rent or other payment; provided that Tenant shall be entitled to a grace period of 5 days
for the first late payments of Rent in any 12 month period before such late fee shall apply. The
amount of the late charge to be paid by Tenant shall be reassessed and added to Tenant s obligation
for each successive month until paid. The provisions of this Section 3.2 in no way relieve Tenant
of the obligation to pay rent or other payments on or before the date on which they are due, nor do
the terms of this Section 3.2 in any way affect Landlord s remedies pursuant to Article 19 of this
Lease in the event said rent or other payment is unpaid after date due.

3.3 Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, so long as Tenant is not then in
default under this Lease following written notice thereof, Tenant shall be entitled to an abatement
of Monthly Installment of Rent solely with respect to the Initial Premises for the first forty-five
(45) days of the Term (the Monthly Rent Abatement Period ), in the

3 

amount of 999.85 per day,
which totals 44,993.03 (the Abated Rent ). During the Monthly Rent Abatement Period, only
Monthly Installment of Rent for the Initial Premises shall be abated as set forth above, and
Tenant s Proportionate Share of Expenses, Taxes and Insurance Costs for the Initial Premises, and
all other costs and charges specified in this Lease, shall remain as due and payable pursuant to
the provisions of this Lease, except to the extent expressly provided in Section 4.7 below.

4. RENT ADJUSTMENTS. 

4.1 For the purpose of this Article 4, the following terms are defined as follows:

4.1.1 Lease Year: Each fiscal year (as determined by Landlord from time to time) falling
partly or wholly within the Term.

4.1.2 Expenses: All costs of operation, maintenance, repair, replacement and management of
the Building (including the amount of any credits which Landlord may grant to particular tenants of
the Building in lieu of providing any standard services or paying any standard costs described in
this Section 4.1.2 for similar tenants), as determined in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, including the following costs by way of illustration, but not limitation:
water and sewer charges; utility costs, including, but not limited to, the cost of heat, light,
power, steam, gas; waste disposal; the cost of janitorial services; the cost of security and alarm
services (including any central station signaling system); costs of cleaning, repairing, replacing
and maintaining the common areas, including parking and landscaping, window cleaning costs; labor
costs; costs and expenses of managing the Building including management and/or administrative fees;
air conditioning maintenance costs; elevator maintenance fees and supplies; material costs;
equipment costs including the cost of maintenance, repair and service agreements and rental and
leasing costs; purchase costs of equipment; current rental and leasing costs of items which would
be capital items if purchased; tool costs; licenses, permits and inspection fees; wages and
salaries; employee benefits and payroll taxes; accounting and legal fees; any sales, use or service
taxes incurred in connection therewith. In addition, Landlord shall be entitled to recover, as
additional rent (which, along with any other capital expenditures constituting Expenses, Landlord
may either include in Expenses or cause to be billed to Tenant along with Expenses and Taxes but as
a separate item), Tenant s Proportionate Share of: (i) an allocable portion of the cost of capital
improvement items which are reasonably calculated to reduce operating expenses; (ii) the cost of
fire sprinklers and suppression systems and other life safety systems; and (iii) other capital
expenses which are required under any Regulations which were not applicable to the Building at the
time it was constructed; but the costs described in this sentence shall be amortized over the
reasonable life of such expenditures in accordance with such reasonable life and amortization
schedules as shall be determined by Landlord in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, with interest on the unamortized amount at one percent (1 in excess of the Wall
Street Journal prime lending rate announced from time to time. Expenses shall not include Taxes,
Insurance Costs, depreciation or amortization of the Building or equipment in the Building except
as provided herein, loan principal payments, costs of alterations of tenants premises, leasing
commissions, interest expenses on long-term borrowings or advertising costs. The following items
are also excluded from Expenses and in no event shall Tenant have any obligation to perform, pay
directly or reimburse Landlord for any of the following except to the extent expressly provided
herein:

(a) Marketing costs, including leasing commissions, attorneys fees in
connection with the negotiation and preparation or enforcement of letters, deal
memos, letters of intent, leases, subleases and/or assignments, space planning
costs, lease concessions, allowances, and other costs and expenses incurred in
connection with lease, sublease and/or assignment negotiations and transactions with
present or prospective tenants or other occupants of the Building.

(b) Attorney s fees and other expenses incurred in connection with negotiations
or disputes with prospective tenants or tenants or other occupants of the Building.

(c) Any expenses for which Landlord has received actual reimbursement (other
than through Expenses).

(d) Sums paid to subsidiaries or other affiliates of Landlord for services on
or to the Building and/or Premises, but only to the extent that the costs of such
services exceed the competitive cost for such services rendered by persons or
entities of similar skill, competence and experience.

(e) Ground lease rental.

(f) Interest (except as provided in this Lease for the amortization of capital
improvements and except to the extent incurred as a result of any act or omission of
Tenant).

4 

(g) Costs incurred by Landlord in connection with the correction of latent
defects in the original construction of the Building.

(h) Any fines, penalties or interest resulting from the gross negligence or
willful misconduct of the Landlord or its agents or employees.

(i) Landlord s charitable and political contributions.

(j) Fines, costs or penalties incurred as a result and to the extent of a
violation by Landlord or other tenants of the project of which Building is a part of
any applicable laws.

(k) The cost or expense of any services or benefits provided generally to other
tenants in the Building and not provided or available to Tenant.

(l) All costs of purchasing or leasing major sculptures, paintings or other
major works or objects of art (as opposed to decorations purchased or leased by
Landlord for display in the common areas of the Building).

(m) Principal payments of mortgage and other non-operating debts of Landlord.

(n) The cost of operating any commercial concession which is operated by
Landlord in the Building, including, without limitation, any compensation paid to
clerks, attendants or other persons operating such commercial concessions on behalf
of Landlord, but only to the extent revenues from any such commercial concessions
exceed such costs and compensation.

(o) All items (including repairs) and services for which Tenant or other
tenants pay directly to third parties or for which Tenant or other tenants reimburse
Landlord (other than through Expenses).

(p) Reserves not spent by Landlord by the end of the calendar year for which
Expenses are paid.

(q) Any cost or expense related to removal, cleaning, abatement or remediation
of Hazardous Materials existing as of the date hereof in or about the Building,
except to the extent such removal, cleaning, abatement or remediation is related to
the general repair and maintenance of the Building.

(r) All costs associated with the operation of the business of the entity which
constitutes Landlord (as distinguished from the costs of operating, maintaining,
repairing and managing the Building) including, but not limited to, Landlord s or
Landlord s managing agent s general corporate overhead and general administrative
expenses.

(s) The cost of correcting existing (as of the Commencement Date) violations of
Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act.

(t) Rental and leasing costs of items which would be capital items if
purchased.

(u) Actual costs or expenses incurred by Landlord during a calendar year to the
extent Landlord uses reserves to pay for such costs or expenses and such reserves
are otherwise included in Expenses for such calendar year.

(v) Except as expressly provided in the first paragraph of this Section 4.1.2,
the cost of capital improvement items and the cost of fire sprinklers and
suppression systems and other life safety systems.

4.1.3 Taxes: Real estate taxes and any other taxes, charges and assessments which are levied
with respect to the Building or the land appurtenant to the Building, or with respect to any
improvements, fixtures and equipment or other property of Landlord, real or personal, located in
the Building and used in connection with the operation of the Building and said land, any payments
to any ground lessor in reimbursement of tax payments made by such lessor; and all fees, expenses
and costs incurred by Landlord in investigating, protesting, contesting or in any way seeking to
reduce or avoid increase in any assessments, levies or the tax rate pertaining to any Taxes to be
paid by Landlord in any Lease Year. Taxes shall not include any corporate franchise, or estate,
inheritance or net income tax, or tax imposed upon any transfer by Landlord of its interest in this
Lease or the Building or any taxes to be paid by Tenant pursuant to Article 28.

4.1.4 Insurance Costs: Any and all insurance charges of or relating to all insurance policies
and endorsements deemed by Landlord to be reasonably necessary or desirable and relating in any
manner to the protection, preservation, or operation of the Building or any part thereof.

5 

4.2 If in any Lease Year, (i) Expenses paid or incurred shall exceed Expenses paid or incurred
in the Base Year (Expenses) and/or (ii) Taxes paid or incurred by Landlord in any Lease Year shall
exceed the amount of such Taxes which became due and payable in the Base Year (Taxes), and/or (iii)
Insurance Costs paid or incurred by Landlord in any Lease Year shall exceed the amount of such
Insurance Costs which became due and payable in the Base Year (Insurance), Tenant shall pay as
additional rent for such Lease Year Tenant s Proportionate Share of each such excess amount.

4.3 The annual determination of Expenses and Insurance Costs shall be made by Landlord and
shall be binding upon Landlord and Tenant, subject to the provisions of this Section 4.3. During
the Term, Tenant may review, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, the books and records supporting
such determination in an office of Landlord, or Landlord s agent, during normal business hours,
upon giving Landlord five (5) days advance written notice within sixty (60) days after receipt of
such determination, but in no event more often than once in any one (1) year period, subject to
execution of a commercially reasonable confidentiality agreement reasonably acceptable to Landlord,
and provided that if Tenant utilizes an independent accountant to perform such review it shall be
one with expertise in and familiarity with general industry practice with respect to the operation
of and accounting for a first class office building and which is reasonably acceptable to Landlord,
is not compensated on a contingency basis and is also subject to such confidentiality agreement.
If Tenant fails to object to Landlord s determination of Expenses and Insurance Costs within one
hundred and twenty (120) days after receipt, or if any such objection fails to state with
specificity the reason for the objection, Tenant shall be deemed to have approved such
determination and shall have no further right to object to or contest such determination. In the
event that during all or any portion of any Lease Year or Base Year, the Building is not fully
rented and occupied Landlord shall make an appropriate adjustment in occupancy-related Expenses for
such year for the purpose of avoiding distortion of the amount of such Expenses to be attributed to
Tenant by reason of variation in total occupancy of the Building, by employing consistent and sound
accounting and management principles to determine Expenses that would have been paid or incurred by
Landlord had the Building been at least ninety-five percent (95 rented and occupied, and the
amount so determined shall be deemed to have been Expenses for such Lease Year.

4.4 Prior to the actual determination thereof for a Lease Year, Landlord may from time to time
estimate Tenant s liability for Expenses, Insurance Costs and/or Taxes under Section 4.2, Article 6
and Article 28 for the Lease Year or portion thereof. Landlord will give Tenant written
notification of the amount of such estimate and Tenant agrees that it will pay, by increase of its
Monthly Installments of Rent due in such Lease Year, additional rent in the amount of such
estimate. Any such increased rate of Monthly Installments of Rent pursuant to this Section 4.4
shall remain in effect until further written notification to Tenant pursuant hereto.

4.5 When the above mentioned actual determination of Tenant s liability for Expenses,
Insurance Costs and/or Taxes is made for any Lease Year and when Tenant is so notified in writing,
then:

4.5.1 If the total additional rent Tenant actually paid pursuant to Section 4.3 on account of
Expenses, Insurance Costs and/or Taxes for the Lease Year is less than Tenant s liability for
Expenses, Insurance Costs and/or Taxes, then Tenant shall pay such deficiency to Landlord as
additional rent in one lump sum within thirty (30) days of receipt of Landlord s bill therefor; and

4.5.2 If the total additional rent Tenant actually paid pursuant to Section 4.3 on account of
Expenses, Insurance Costs and/or Taxes for the Lease Year is more than Tenant s liability for
Expenses, Insurance Costs and/or Taxes, then Landlord shall credit the difference against the then
next due payments to be made by Tenant under this Article 4, or, if this Lease has terminated,
refund the difference in cash. Tenant shall not be entitled to a credit by reason of actual
Expenses and/or Taxes and/or Insurance Costs in any Lease Year being less than Expenses and/or
Taxes and/or Insurance Costs in the Base Year (Expenses and/or Taxes and/or Insurance).

4.6 If the Commencement Date is other than January 1 or if the Termination Date is other than
December 31, Tenant s liability for Expenses, Insurance Costs and Taxes for the Lease Year in which
said Date occurs shall be prorated based upon a three hundred sixty-five (365) day year.

4.7 Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, so long as Tenant is not then in
default under this Lease following written notice thereof, Tenant shall be entitled to an abatement
of Tenant s Proportionate Share of any Expenses, Insurance Costs and Taxes in excess of the
applicable Base Year (as described in Section 4.2 above), if any, for the period commencing on the
Initial Premises Commencement Date and ending on the day before the 12-month anniversary of the
Initial Premises Commencement Date (the Expense Abatement Period (collectively, the Abated
Expenses ). During the Expense Abatement Period, only Expenses, Insurance Costs and Taxes shall be
abated as set forth above, and Tenant s Monthly Installment of Rent, and all other costs and
charges specified in this Lease, shall remain as due and payable pursuant to the provisions of this
Lease, except to the extent expressly provided in Section 3.3 above.

6 

5. SECURITY DEPOSIT. Tenant shall deposit the Security Deposit with Landlord upon the execution of
this Lease. Said sum shall be held by Landlord as security for the faithful performance by Tenant
of all the terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease to be kept and performed by Tenant and not
as an advance rental deposit or as a measure of Landlord s damage in case of Tenant s Event of
Default. In an Event of Default, Landlord may use any part of the Security Deposit for the payment
of any rent or any other sum in default, or for the payment of any amount which Landlord may spend
or become obligated to spend by reason of Tenant s Event of Default, or to compensate Landlord for
any other loss or damage which Landlord may suffer by reason of Tenant s Event of Default. If any
portion is so used, Tenant shall within ten (10) days after written demand therefor, deposit with
Landlord an amount sufficient to restore the Security Deposit to its original amount and Tenant s
failure to do so shall be a material breach of this Lease. Except to such extent, if any, as shall
be required by law, Landlord shall not be required to keep the Security Deposit separate from its
general funds, and Tenant shall not be entitled to interest on such deposit. If Tenant shall fully
and faithfully perform every provision of this Lease to be performed by it, the Security Deposit or
any balance thereof shall be returned to Tenant at such time after termination of this Lease when
Landlord shall have determined that all of Tenant s obligations under this Lease have been
fulfilled. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in Article 23 hereof,
Tenant hereby waives the provisions of Section 1950.7 of the California Civil Code, or any similar
or successor Regulations or other laws now or hereinafter in effect.

6. ALTERATIONS. 

6.1 Except for those, if any, specifically provided for in Exhibit B to this Lease,
Tenant shall not make or suffer to be made any alterations, additions, or improvements, including,
but not limited to, the attachment of any fixtures or equipment in, on, or to the Premises or any
part thereof or the making of any improvements as required by Article 7, without the prior written
consent of Landlord. When applying for such consent, Tenant shall, if requested by Landlord,
furnish complete plans and specifications for such alterations, additions and improvements.
Landlord s consent shall not be unreasonably withheld with respect to alterations which (i) are not
structural in nature, (ii) are not visible from the exterior of the Building, (iii) do not affect
or require modification of the Building s electrical, mechanical, plumbing, HVAC or other systems,
and (iv) in aggregate do not cost more than 5.00 per rentable square foot of that portion of the
Premises affected by the alterations in question. In addition, Tenant shall have the right to
perform, with prior notice but without Landlord s consent, any alteration, addition, or improvement
that satisfies all of the following criteria (a Cosmetic Alteration ): (1) is of a cosmetic
nature such as painting, wallpapering, hanging pictures and installing carpeting; (2) is not
visible from the exterior of the Premises or Building; (3) will not affect the systems or structure
of the Building; (4) costs less than 25,000.00 in the aggregate during any 12-month period of the
Term of this Lease, and (5) does not require work to be performed inside the walls or above the
ceiling of the Premises. However, even though consent is not required, the performance of Cosmetic
Alterations shall be subject to all the other provisions of this Article 6.

6.2 In the event Landlord consents to the making of any such alteration, addition or
improvement by Tenant, the same shall be made by using either Landlord s contractor or a contractor
reasonably approved by Landlord, in either event at Tenant s sole cost and expense. If Tenant
shall employ any contractor other than Landlord s contractor and such other contractor or any
subcontractor of such other contractor shall employ any non-union labor or supplier, Tenant shall
be responsible for and hold Landlord harmless from any and all delays, damages and extra costs
suffered by Landlord as a result of any dispute with any labor unions concerning the wage, hours,
terms or conditions of the employment of any such labor. In any event Landlord may charge Tenant a
construction management fee not to exceed five percent (5 of the cost of such work to cover its
overhead as it relates to such proposed work (but this fee shall apply only if Landlord performs or
contracts for the work or, at Tenant s request, supervises the work for Tenant), plus third-party
costs actually incurred by Landlord in connection with the proposed work and the design thereof,
with all such amounts being due five (5) days after Landlord s demand.

6.3 All alterations, additions or improvements proposed by Tenant shall be constructed in
accordance with all Regulations, using Building standard materials where applicable, and Tenant
shall, prior to construction, provide the additional insurance required under Article 11 in such
case, and also all such assurances to Landlord as Landlord shall reasonably require to assure
payment of the costs thereof, including but not limited to, notices of non-responsibility, waivers
of lien, surety company performance bonds and funded construction escrows and to protect Landlord
and the Building and appurtenant land against any loss from any mechanic s, materialmen s or other
liens. Tenant shall pay in addition to any sums due pursuant to Article 4, any increase in real
estate taxes attributable to any such alteration, addition or improvement for so long, during the
Term, as such increase is ascertainable; at Landlord s election said sums shall be paid in the same
way as sums due under Article 4. Landlord may, as a condition to its consent to any particular
alterations or improvements, require Tenant to deposit with Landlord the amount reasonably
estimated by Landlord as sufficient to cover the cost of removing such alterations or improvements
and restoring the Premises, to the extent required under Section 26.2; provided that Landlord may
require such a deposit only to the extent that the approved alterations, in Landlord s reasonable
judgment,

7 

are of a nature that would require removal and repair costs that are materially in excess
of the removal and repair costs associated with standard office improvements.

7. REPAIR. 

7.1 Landlord shall have no obligation to alter, remodel, improve, repair, decorate or paint
the Premises, except as specified in Exhibit B if attached to this Lease and except that
Landlord shall repair and maintain the structural portions of the Building, including the basic
plumbing, air conditioning, heating and electrical systems installed or furnished by Landlord.
However, notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord agrees that the base Building, electrical,
heating, ventilation and air conditioning and plumbing systems located in the Premises shall be in
good working order as of the date Landlord delivers possession of the Premises to Tenant. Except
to the extent caused by the acts or omissions of Tenant or any Tenant Entities or by any
alterations or improvements performed by or on behalf of Tenant, if such systems are not in good
working order as of the date possession of the Premises is delivered to Tenant and Tenant provides
Landlord with notice of the same within thirty (30) days following the date Landlord delivers
possession of the Premises to Tenant, Landlord shall be responsible for repairing or restoring the
same. Subject to the foregoing, by taking possession of the Premises, Tenant accepts them as being
in good order, condition and repair and in the condition in which Landlord is obligated to deliver
them, except as set forth in the punch list to be delivered pursuant to Section 2.1. It is hereby
understood and agreed that no representations respecting the condition of the Premises or the
Building have been made by Landlord to Tenant, except as specifically set forth in this Lease.

7.2 Tenant shall, at all times during the Term, keep the Premises in good condition and repair
excepting damage by fire, or other casualty, and in compliance with all applicable governmental
laws, ordinances and regulations, promptly complying with all governmental orders and directives
for the correction, prevention and abatement of any violations or nuisances in or upon, or
connected with, the Premises, all at Tenant s sole expense.

7.3 Landlord shall not be liable for any failure to make any repairs or to perform any
maintenance unless such failure shall persist for an unreasonable time after written notice of the
need of such repairs or maintenance is given to Landlord by Tenant.

7.4 Except as provided in Article 22, there shall be no abatement of rent and no liability of
Landlord by reason of any injury to or interference with Tenant s business arising from the making
of any repairs, alterations or improvements in or to any portion of the Building or the Premises or
to fixtures, appurtenances and equipment in the Building. Tenant hereby waives any and all rights
under and benefits of subsection 1 of Section 1932 and Sections 1941 and 1942 of the California
Civil Code, or any similar or successor Regulations or other laws now or hereinafter in effect.

8. LIENS. Tenant shall keep the Premises, the Building and appurtenant land and Tenant s leasehold
interest in the Premises free from any liens arising out of any services, work or materials
performed, furnished, or contracted for by Tenant, or obligations incurred by Tenant. In the event
that Tenant fails, within twenty (20) days following the imposition of any such lien, to either
cause the same to be released of record or provide Landlord with insurance against the same issued
by a major title insurance company or such other protection against the same as Landlord shall
reasonably accept (such failure to constitute an Event of Default), Landlord shall have the right
to cause the same to be released by such means as it shall deem proper, including payment of the
claim giving rise to such lien. All such sums paid by Landlord and all expenses incurred by it in
connection therewith shall be payable to it by Tenant within ten (10) days of Landlord s written
demand.

9. ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING. 

9.1 Except as provided herein with respect to a Permitted Transfer, Tenant shall not have the
right to assign or pledge this Lease or to sublet the whole or any part of the Premises whether
voluntarily or by operation of law, or permit the use or occupancy of the Premises by anyone other
than Tenant, and shall not make, suffer or permit such assignment, subleasing or occupancy without
the prior written consent of Landlord, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, and said
restrictions shall be binding upon any and all assignees of this Lease and subtenants of the
Premises. In the event Tenant desires to sublet, or permit such occupancy of, the Premises, or any
portion thereof, or assign this Lease, Tenant shall give written notice thereof to Landlord at
least thirty (30) days but no more than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the proposed
commencement date of such subletting or assignment, which notice shall set forth the name of the
proposed subtenant or assignee, the relevant terms of any sublease or assignment and copies of
financial reports and other relevant financial information of the proposed subtenant or assignee.

9.2 Notwithstanding any assignment or subletting, permitted or otherwise, Tenant shall at all
times remain directly, primarily and fully responsible and liable for the payment of the rent
specified in this Lease and for compliance with

8 

all of its other obligations under the terms,
provisions and covenants of this Lease. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, if the
Premises or any part of them are then assigned or sublet, Landlord, in addition to any other
remedies provided in this Lease or provided by law, may, at its option, collect directly from such
assignee or subtenant all rents due and becoming due to Tenant under such assignment or sublease
and apply such rent against any sums due to Landlord from Tenant under this Lease, and no such
collection shall be construed to constitute a novation or release of Tenant from the further
performance of Tenant s obligations under this Lease.

9.3 In addition to Landlord s right to approve of any subtenant or assignee, except in the
case of a Permitted Transfer, Landlord shall have the option, in its sole discretion, in the event
of any proposed subletting or assignment, to terminate this Lease, or in the case of a proposed
subletting of less than the entire Premises that is at least 25 of the Premises for all or
substantially all of the remaining Term, to recapture the portion of the Premises to be so sublet,
as of the date the subletting or assignment is to be effective. The option shall be exercised, if
at all, by Landlord giving Tenant written notice given by Landlord to Tenant within thirty (30)
days following Landlord s receipt of Tenant s written notice as required above. However, if Tenant
notifies Landlord, within five (5) business days after receipt of Landlord s termination notice,
that Tenant is rescinding its proposed assignment or sublease, the termination notice shall be void
and this Lease shall continue in full force and effect. If this Lease shall be terminated with
respect to the entire Premises pursuant to this Section, the Term of this Lease shall end on the
date stated in Tenant s notice as the effective date of the sublease or assignment as if that date
had been originally fixed in this Lease for the expiration of the Term. If Landlord recaptures
under this Section only a portion of the Premises, the rent to be paid from time to time during the
unexpired Term shall abate proportionately based on the proportion by which the approximate square
footage of the remaining portion of the Premises shall be less than that of the Premises as of the
date immediately prior to such recapture. Tenant shall, at Tenant s own cost and expense,
discharge in full any outstanding commission obligation which may be due and owing as a result of
any proposed assignment or subletting, whether or not the Premises are recaptured pursuant to this
Section 9.3 and rented by Landlord to the proposed tenant or any other tenant.

9.4 In the event that Tenant sells, sublets, assigns or transfers this Lease, Tenant shall pay
to Landlord as additional rent an amount equal to fifty percent (50 of any Increased Rent (as
defined below), less the Costs Component (as defined below), when and as such Increased Rent is
received by Tenant. As used in this Section, Increased Rent shall mean the excess of (i) all
rent and other consideration which Tenant is entitled to receive by reason of any sale, sublease,
assignment or other transfer of this Lease, over (ii) the rent otherwise payable by Tenant under
this Lease at such time. For purposes of the foregoing, any consideration received by Tenant in
form other than cash shall be valued at its fair market value as determined by Landlord in good
faith. The Costs Component is that amount which, if paid monthly, would fully amortize on a
straight-line basis, over the entire period for which Tenant is to receive Increased Rent, the
reasonable costs incurred by Tenant for leasing commissions, reasonable attorneys fees, and tenant
improvements in connection with such sublease, assignment or other transfer.

9.5 Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, it shall be considered reasonable for Landlord
to withhold its consent to any assignment of this Lease or sublease of any portion of the Premises
if at the time of either Tenant s notice of the proposed assignment or sublease or the proposed
commencement date thereof, there shall exist any uncured default of Tenant, or if the proposed
assignee or sublessee is an entity: (a) with which Landlord is already in negotiation; (b) is
already an occupant of the Building unless Landlord is unable to provide the amount of space
required by such occupant; (c) is a governmental agency; (d) is incompatible with the character of
occupancy of the Building; (e) with which the payment for the sublease or assignment is determined
in whole or in part based upon its net income or profits; or (f) would subject the Premises to a
use which would: (i) involve significant increased personnel or significant wear upon the
Building; (ii) violate any exclusive right granted to another tenant of the Building; (iii) require
any addition to or modification of the Premises or the Building in order to comply with building
code or other governmental requirements; or, (iv) involve a violation of Section 1.2. Tenant
expressly agrees that for the purposes of any statutory or other requirement of reasonableness on
the part of Landlord, Landlord s refusal to consent to any assignment or sublease for any of the
reasons described in this Section 9.5, shall be conclusively deemed to be reasonable.

9.6 Upon any request to assign or sublet, Tenant will pay to Landlord the
Assignment/Subletting Fee plus, on demand, a sum equal to all of Landlord s costs, including
reasonable attorney s fees, incurred in investigating and considering any proposed or purported
assignment or pledge of this Lease or sublease of any of the Premises, regardless of whether
Landlord shall consent to, refuse consent, or determine that Landlord s consent is not required
for, such assignment, pledge or sublease (the Review Reimbursement ). Except as otherwise
expressly provided herein, the Review Reimbursement shall not exceed 1,000.00 (the Cap ). If:
(a) Tenant fails to execute Landlord s standard form of consent without any changes to this Lease,
without material changes to the consent and without material negotiation of the consent, and (b)
Landlord shall notify Tenant that the Review Reimbursement shall exceed the Cap as a result of such
changes and/or negotiation, and (c) Tenant elects to proceed with such changes and/or negotiation,
then the Cap shall not apply and Tenant

9 

shall pay to Landlord the Assignment/Subletting Fee plus
the Review Reimbursement in full. The foregoing shall in no event be deemed to be a right of
Tenant to rescind its written notice to Landlord requesting consent to a transfer of this Lease or
a sublease of all or a portion of the Premises as provided in Section 9.1. In the event that
Tenant fails to notify Landlord of its election as provided in subsection (c) above within three
(3) business days following Landlord s notice to Tenant of the excess described in subsection (b)
above, then Tenant shall be deemed to have elected proceed with any such changes and/or negotiation
and the Cap shall not apply. Any purported sale, assignment, mortgage, transfer of this Lease or
subletting which does not comply with the provisions of this Article 9 shall be void.

9.7 Unless Tenant is an entity whose outstanding stock is listed on a recognized securities
exchange, or if at least fifty-one (51 of its voting stock is owned by another entity, the voting
stock of which is so listed (in either of which case an acquisition of a controlling interest in
Tenant while Tenant is so listed shall not be a Transfer, even if such acquisition is by a
privately held entity that later causes Tenant to be removed from such securities exchange), if
Tenant is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or trust, any transfer or transfers
of or change or changes within any twelve (12) month period in the number of the outstanding voting
shares of the corporation or limited liability company, the general partnership interests in the
partnership or the identity of the persons or entities controlling the activities of such
partnership or trust resulting in the persons or entities owning or controlling a majority of such
shares, partnership interests or activities of such partnership or trust at the beginning of such
period no longer having such ownership or control shall be regarded as equivalent to an assignment
of this Lease to the persons or entities acquiring such ownership or control and shall be subject
to all the provisions of this Article 9 to the same extent and for all intents and purposes as
though such an assignment.

9.8 So long as Tenant is not entering into the Permitted Transfer (as defined below) for the
purpose of avoiding or otherwise circumventing the remaining terms of this Article 9, Tenant may
assign its entire interest under this Lease, without the consent of Landlord, to (a) an affiliate,
subsidiary, or parent of Tenant, or a corporation, partnership or other legal entity wholly owned
by Tenant (collectively, an Affiliated Party ), or (b) a successor to Tenant by purchase, merger,
consolidation or reorganization, provided that all of the following conditions are satisfied (each
such transfer a Permitted Transfer and any such assignee or sublessee of a Permitted Transfer, a
 Permitted Transferee ): (i) Tenant is not in an Event of Default under this Lease; (ii) the
Permitted Use does not allow the Premises to be used for retail purposes; (iii) Tenant shall give
Landlord written notice at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of the proposed
Permitted Transfer; (iv) with respect to a proposed Permitted Transfer to an Affiliated Party,
either (I) Tenant continues to have a net worth equal to or greater than Tenant s net worth at the
date of this Lease, or (II) in the event such transferee does not have a net worth equal to or
greater than Tenant s net worth as of the date of the Lease, Tenant obtains and delivers to
Landlord a written guaranty from an entity (X) that is incorporated or organized in the United
States, (Y) that is not on the OFAC list, and (Z) has a net worth that is equal to greater than the
net worth of Tenant as of the date of the Lease, in a form reasonably acceptable to Landlord,
guaranteeing Tenant s obligations under this Lease; and (v) with respect to a purchase, merger,
consolidation or reorganization or any Permitted Transfer which results in Tenant ceasing to exist
as a separate legal entity, (A) Tenant s successor shall own all or substantially all of the assets
of Tenant, and (B) Tenant s successor shall have a net worth which is at least equal to the greater
of Tenant s net worth at the date of this Lease or Tenant s net worth as of the day prior to the
proposed purchase, merger, consolidation or reorganization, or shall obtain and deliver to Landlord
a written guaranty from an entity (x) that incorporated or organized in the United States, (y) that
is not on the OFAC list, and (z) has a net worth that is equal to greater than the net worth of
Tenant as of the date of the Lease, in a form reasonably acceptable to Landlord, guaranteeing
Tenant s obligations under this Lease. Tenant s notice to Landlord shall include information and
documentation showing that each of the above conditions has been satisfied. If requested by
Landlord, Tenant s successor shall sign a commercially reasonable form of assumption agreement. As
used herein, (1) parent shall mean a company which owns a majority of Tenant s voting equity; (2)
 subsidiary shall mean an entity wholly owned by Tenant or at least fifty-one percent (51 of
whose voting equity is owned by Tenant; and (3) affiliate shall mean an entity controlled,
controlling or under common control with Tenant.

10. INDEMNIFICATION. 

10.1 None of the Landlord Entities shall be liable and Tenant hereby waives all claims against
them for any damage to any property or any injury to any person in or about the Premises or the
Building by or from any cause whatsoever (including without limiting the foregoing, rain or water
leakage of any character from the roof, windows, walls, basement, pipes, plumbing works or
appliances, the Building not being in good condition or repair, gas, fire, oil, electricity or
theft), except to the extent caused by or arising from the gross negligence or willful misconduct
of Landlord or its agents, employees or contractors. Tenant shall protect, indemnify and hold the
Landlord Entities harmless from and against any and all loss, claims, liability or costs (including
court costs and attorney s fees) incurred by reason of (a) any damage to any property (including
but not limited to property of any Landlord Entity) or any injury (including but not limited to
death) to any person occurring in, on or about the Premises or the Building to the extent that such
injury or damage shall be caused by or arise from any actual or alleged act, neglect, fault, or
omission by or of Tenant or any Tenant Entity to meet any standards

10 

imposed by any duty with
respect to the injury or damage; (b) the conduct or management of any work or thing whatsoever done
by the Tenant in or about the Premises or from transactions of the Tenant concerning the Premises;
(c) Tenant s failure to comply with any and all Regulations applicable to the condition or use of
the Premises or its occupancy; or (d) any breach or default on the part of Tenant in the
performance of any covenant or agreement on the part of the Tenant to be performed pursuant to this
Lease. The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of this Lease with respect to
any claims or liability accruing prior to such termination.

10.2 Landlord shall protect, indemnify and hold Tenant harmless from and against any and all
loss, claims, liability or costs (including court costs and attorney s fees) incurred by reason of
any damage to any property (including but not limited to property of Tenant) or any injury
(including but not limited to death) to any person occurring in, on or about the common areas of
the Building to the extent that such injury or damage shall be caused by or arise from the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord or any of Landlord s agents or employees.

11. INSURANCE. 

11.1 Tenant shall keep in force throughout the Term: (a) a Commercial General Liability
insurance policy or policies to protect the Landlord Entities against any liability to the public
or to any invitee of Tenant or a Landlord Entity incidental to the use of or resulting from any
accident occurring in or upon the Premises with a limit of not less than 1,000,000 per occurrence
and not less than 2,000,000 in the annual aggregate, or such larger amount as Landlord may
prudently require from time to time, covering bodily injury and property damage liability and
 1,000,000 products/completed operations aggregate; (b) Business Auto Liability covering owned,
non-owned and hired vehicles with a limit of not less than 1,000,000 per accident; (c) Worker s
Compensation Insurance with limits as required by statute with Employers Liability and limits of
 500,000 each accident, 500,000 disease policy limit, 500,000 disease each employee; (d) All
Risk or Special Form coverage protecting Tenant against loss of or damage to Tenant s alterations,
additions, improvements, carpeting, floor coverings, panelings, decorations, fixtures, inventory
and other business personal property situated in or about the Premises to the full replacement
value of the property so insured; and, (e) Business Interruption Insurance with limit of liability
representing loss of at least approximately six (6) months of income.

11.2 The aforesaid policies shall (a) be provided at Tenant s expense; (b) name the Landlord
Entities as additional insureds (General Liability) and loss payee (Property Special Form); (c) be
issued by an insurance company with a minimum Best s rating of A-:VII during the Term; and (d)
provide that said insurance shall not be canceled unless thirty (30) days prior written notice (ten
days for non-payment of premium) shall have been given to Landlord; a certificate of Liability
insurance on ACORD Form 25 and a certificate of Property insurance on ACORD Form 27 shall be
delivered to Landlord by Tenant upon the Initial Premises Commencement Date and the Additional
Premises Commencement Date and at least thirty (30) days prior to each renewal of said insurance.

11.3 Whenever Tenant shall undertake any alterations, additions or improvements in, to or
about the Premises Work the aforesaid insurance protection must extend to and include injuries
to persons and damage to property arising in connection with such Work, without limitation
including liability under any applicable structural work act, and such other insurance as Landlord
shall require; and the policies of or certificates evidencing such insurance must be delivered to
Landlord prior to the commencement of any such Work.

12. WAIVER OF SUBROGATION. So long as their respective insurers so permit, Tenant and Landlord
hereby mutually waive their respective rights of recovery against each other for any loss insured
by fire, extended coverage, All Risks or other insurance now or hereafter existing for the benefit
of the respective party but only to the extent of the net insurance proceeds payable under such
policies. Each party shall obtain any special endorsements required by their insurer to evidence
compliance with the aforementioned waiver.

13. SERVICES AND UTILITIES. 

13.1 Provided there is no Event of Default under this Lease, and subject to the other
provisions of this Lease, Landlord agrees to furnish to the Premises during Building Business Hours
(specified on the Reference Pages) on generally recognized business days (but exclusive in any
event of Sundays and national and local legal holidays), the following services and utilities
subject to the rules and regulations of the Building prescribed from time to time: (a) water
suitable for normal office use of the Premises (including for use outside of Building Business
Hours for occasional after-hours use); (b) heat and air conditioning required in Landlord s
judgment for the use and occupation of the Premises during Building Business Hours; (c) cleaning
and janitorial service; (d) elevator service by nonattended automatic elevators, if applicable;
and, (e) equipment to bring to the Premises electricity for lighting, convenience outlets and other
normal office use (including

11 

for use outside of Building Business Hours for occasional after-hours
use). To the extent that Tenant is not billed directly by a public utility, Tenant shall pay,
within ten (10) days of Landlord s demand, for all electricity used by Tenant in the Premises. The
charge shall be at the rates charged for such services by the local public utility. Alternatively,
Landlord may elect to include electricity costs in Expenses. In the absence of Landlord s gross
negligence or willful misconduct, Landlord shall not be liable for, and Tenant shall not be
entitled to, any abatement or reduction of rental by reason of Landlord s failure to furnish any of
the foregoing, unless such failure shall persist for an unreasonable time after written notice of
such failure is given to Landlord by Tenant and provided further that Landlord shall not be liable
when such failure is caused by accident, breakage, repairs, labor disputes of any character, energy
usage restrictions or by any other cause, similar or dissimilar, beyond the reasonable control of
Landlord. Landlord shall use reasonable efforts to remedy any interruption in the furnishing of
services and utilities.

13.2 Should Tenant require any additional work or service, as described above, including
services furnished outside ordinary business hours specified above (other than electricity and
water for typical office use for occasional use outside of Building Business Hours), Landlord may,
on terms to be agreed, upon reasonable advance notice by Tenant, furnish such additional service
and Tenant agrees to pay Landlord such charges as may be agreed upon, including any tax imposed
thereon, but in no event at a charge less than Landlord s actual cost plus overhead for such
additional service and, where appropriate, a reasonable allowance for depreciation of any systems
being used to provide such service. The current charge for after-hours HVAC service, which is
subject to change at any time, is specified on the Reference Pages; provided that any increases in
such charge for after-hours HVAC service shall be limited to increases in Landlord s actual,
reasonable costs of supplying the after-hours HVAC services, including reasonable administration
fees.

13.3 Wherever heat-generating machines or equipment (other than standard office equipment such
as printers and copy machines) are used by Tenant in the Premises which affect the temperature
otherwise maintained by the air conditioning system or Tenant allows occupancy of the Premises by
more persons than the heating and air conditioning system is designed to accommodate, in either
event whether with or without Landlord s approval, Landlord reserves the right to install
supplementary heating and/or air conditioning units in or for the benefit of the Premises and the
cost thereof, including the cost of installation and the cost of operations and maintenance, shall
be paid by Tenant to Landlord within five (5) days of Landlord s demand.

13.4 Tenant will not, without the written consent of Landlord, use any apparatus or device in
the Premises, including but not limited to, electronic data processing machines and machines using
current in excess of 2000 watts and/or 20 amps or 120 volts, which will in any way increase the
amount of electricity or water usually furnished or supplied for use of the Premises for normal
office use, nor connect with electric current, except through existing electrical outlets in the
Premises, or water pipes, any apparatus or device for the purposes of using electrical current or
water. If Tenant shall require water or electric current in excess of that usually furnished or
supplied for use of the Premises as normal office use, Tenant shall procure the prior written
consent of Landlord for the use thereof, which Landlord may refuse, and if Landlord does consent,
Landlord may cause a water meter or electric current meter to be installed so as to measure the
amount of such excess water and electric current. The cost of any such meters shall be paid for by
Tenant. Tenant agrees to pay to Landlord within five (5) days of Landlord s demand , the cost of
all such excess water and electric current consumed (as shown by said meters, if any, or, if none,
as reasonably estimated by Landlord) at the rates charged for such services by the local public
utility or agency, as the case may be, furnishing the same, plus any additional expense incurred in
keeping account of the water and electric current so consumed.

13.5 Tenant will not, without the written consent of Landlord, contract with a utility
provider to service the Premises with any utility, including, but not limited to,
telecommunications, electricity, water, sewer or gas, which is not previously providing such
service to other tenants in the Building. Subject to Landlord s reasonable rules and regulations
adopted from time to time regarding such use, which rules and regulations shall be generally
applicable to all occupants of the Building, and the provisions of Articles 6 and 26, Tenant shall
be entitled to the use of wiring Communications Wiring from the existing telecommunications
nexus in the Building to the Premises, sufficient for normal general office use of the Premises.
Tenant shall not install any additional Communications Wiring, nor remove any Communications
Wiring, without in each instance obtaining the prior written consent of Landlord, which consent may
be withheld in Landlord s sole and absolute discretion. Landlord s shall in no event be liable for
disruption in any service obtained by Tenant pursuant to this paragraph.

13.6 Tenant shall have access to the Building for Tenant and its employees 24 hours per day/7
days per week, subject to the terms of this Lease and such security or monitoring systems as
Landlord may reasonably impose, including, without limitation, sign-in procedures and/or
presentation of identification cards to the extent applicable.

12 

14. HOLDING OVER. Tenant shall pay Landlord for each day Tenant retains possession of the Premises
or part of them after termination of this Lease by lapse of time or otherwise at the rate Holdover Rate which shall be One Hundred Fifty Percent (150 of the greater of (a) the amount
of the Annual Rent for the last period prior to the date of such termination plus Tenant s
Proportionate Share of Expenses, Taxes and Insurance Costs under Article 4; and (b) the then market
rental value of the Premises as determined by Landlord assuming a new lease of the Premises of the
then usual duration and other terms, in either case, prorated on a daily basis, and also pay all
damages sustained by Landlord by reason of such retention. If Landlord gives notice to Tenant of
Landlord s election to such effect, such holding over shall constitute renewal of this Lease for a
period from month to month or one (1) year, whichever shall be specified in such notice, in either
case at the Holdover Rate, but if the Landlord does not so elect, no such renewal shall result
notwithstanding acceptance by Landlord of any sums due hereunder after such termination; and
instead, a tenancy at sufferance at the Holdover Rate shall be deemed to have been created. In any
event, no provision of this Article 14 shall be deemed to waive Landlord s right of reentry or any
other right under this Lease or at law.

15. SUBORDINATION. Without the necessity of any additional document being executed by Tenant for
the purpose of effecting a subordination, this Lease shall be subject and subordinate at all times
to ground or underlying leases and to the lien of any mortgages or deeds of trust now or hereafter
placed on, against or affecting the Building, Landlord s interest or estate in the Building, or any
ground or underlying lease; provided, however, that if the lessor, mortgagee, trustee, or holder of
any such mortgage or deed of trust elects to have Tenant s interest in this Lease be superior to
any such instrument, then, by notice to Tenant, this Lease shall be deemed superior, whether this
Lease was executed before or after said instrument. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant
covenants and agrees to execute and deliver within ten (10) days of Landlord s request such further
instruments evidencing such subordination or superiority of this Lease as may be required by
Landlord. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon written request by Tenant, Landlord will use
reasonable efforts to obtain a non-disturbance, subordination and attornment agreement from
Landlord s then current mortgagee on such mortgagee s then current standard form of agreement.
 Reasonable efforts of Landlord shall not require Landlord to incur any cost, expense or liability
to obtain such agreement, it being agreed that Tenant shall be responsible for any fee or review
costs charged by such mortgagee. Landlord s failure to obtain a non-disturbance, subordination and
attornment agreement for Tenant shall have no effect on the rights, obligations and liabilities of
Landlord and Tenant or be considered to be a default by Landlord hereunder.

16. RULES AND REGULATIONS. Tenant shall faithfully observe and comply with all the rules and
regulations as set forth in Exhibit D to this Lease and all reasonable and
non-discriminatory modifications of and additions to them from time to time put into effect by
Landlord. Landlord shall not be responsible to Tenant for the non-performance by any other tenant
or occupant of the Building of any such rules and regulations.

17. REENTRY BY LANDLORD. 

17.1 Landlord reserves and shall at all times have the right to re-enter the Premises to
inspect the same, to supply janitor service and any other service to be provided by Landlord to
Tenant under this Lease, to show said Premises to prospective purchasers, mortgagees or tenants,
and to alter, improve or repair the Premises and any portion of the Building, without abatement of
rent, and may for that purpose erect, use and maintain scaffolding, pipes, conduits and other
necessary structures and open any wall, ceiling or floor in and through the Building and Premises
where reasonably required by the character of the work to be performed, provided entrance to the
Premises shall not be blocked thereby, and further provided that the business or operations of
Tenant shall not be interfered with unreasonably. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except (i) to the
extent requested by Tenant, (ii) in connection with scheduled maintenance programs, and/or (iii) in
the event of an emergency, Landlord shall provide to Tenant reasonable prior notice (either written
or oral) before Landlord enters the Premises to perform any repairs therein. Landlord shall have
the right at any time to change the arrangement and/or locations of entrances, or passageways,
doors and doorways, and corridors, windows, elevators, stairs, toilets or other public parts of the
Building and to change the name, number or designation by which the Building is commonly known (in
which event Landlord shall reimburse Tenant for replacement of a one month supply of stationary and
a reasonable supply of business cards and advertising materials) provided the changes do not
materially affect Tenant s ability to use the Premises for the permitted use set forth in the
Reference Pages or unreasonably interfere with Tenant s access to the Premises. In the event that
Landlord damages any portion of any wall or wall covering, ceiling, or floor or floor covering
within the Premises, Landlord shall repair or replace the damaged portion to match the original as
nearly as commercially reasonable but shall not be required to repair or replace more than the
portion actually damaged. Tenant hereby waives any claim for damages for any injury or
inconvenience to or interference with Tenant s business, any loss of occupancy or quiet enjoyment
of the Premises, and any other loss occasioned by any action of Landlord authorized by this Article
17. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except in emergency situations as determined by Landlord,
Landlord shall exercise commercially reasonable efforts to perform any entry into the Premises that
occurs during normal business hours in a manner that is reasonably designed to minimize
interference and disruption with the operation of Tenant s business in the Premises.

13 

17.2 For each of the aforesaid purposes, Landlord shall at all times have and retain a key
with which to unlock all of the doors in the Premises, excluding Tenant s vaults and safes or
special security areas (designated in advance), and Landlord shall have the right to use any and
all means which Landlord may deem proper to open said doors in an emergency to obtain entry to any
portion of the Premises. As to any portion to which access cannot be had by means of a key or keys
in Landlord s possession, Landlord is authorized to gain access by such means as Landlord shall
elect and the cost of repairing any damage occurring in doing so shall be borne by Tenant and paid
to Landlord within five (5) days of Landlord s demand.

18. DEFAULT. 

18.1 Except as otherwise provided in Article 20, the following events shall be deemed to be
Events of Default under this Lease:

18.1.1 Tenant shall fail to pay when due any sum of money becoming due to be paid to Landlord
under this Lease, whether such sum be any installment of the rent reserved by this Lease, any other
amount treated as additional rent under this Lease, or any other payment or reimbursement to
Landlord required by this Lease, whether or not treated as additional rent under this Lease, and
such failure shall continue for a period of five (5) days after written notice that such payment
was not made when due, but if any such notice shall be given, for the twelve (12) month period
commencing with the date of such notice, the failure to pay within five (5) days after due any
additional sum of money becoming due to be paid to Landlord under this Lease during such period
shall be an Event of Default, without notice. The notice required pursuant to this Section 18.1.1
shall replace rather than supplement any statutory notice required under California Code of Civil
Procedure Section 1161 or any similar or successor statute.

18.1.2 Tenant shall fail to comply with any term, provision or covenant of this Lease which is
not provided for in another Section of this Article and shall not cure such failure within twenty
(20) days (forthwith, if the failure involves a hazardous condition) after written notice of such
failure to Tenant provided, however, that such failure shall not be an Event of Default if such
failure could not reasonably be cured during such twenty (20) day period, Tenant has commenced the
cure within such twenty (20) day period and thereafter is diligently pursuing such cure to
completion, but the total aggregate cure period shall not exceed ninety (90) days.

18.1.3 Tenant shall fail to vacate the Premises immediately upon termination of this Lease, by
lapse of time or otherwise, or upon termination of Tenant s right to possession only.

18.1.4 Tenant shall become insolvent, admit in writing its inability to pay its debts
generally as they become due for purposes of any state or federal insolvency proceeding with
respect to Tenant, file a petition in bankruptcy or a petition to take advantage of any insolvency
statute, make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, make a transfer in fraud of creditors,
apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver of itself or of the whole or any substantial
part of its property, or file a petition or answer seeking reorganization or arrangement under the
federal bankruptcy laws, as now in effect or hereafter amended, or any other applicable law or
statute of the United States or any state thereof.

18.1.5 A court of competent jurisdiction shall enter an order, judgment or decree adjudicating
Tenant bankrupt, or appointing a receiver of Tenant, or of the whole or any substantial part of its
property, without the consent of Tenant, or approving a petition filed against Tenant seeking
reorganization or arrangement of Tenant under the bankruptcy laws of the United States, as now in
effect or hereafter amended, or any state thereof, and such order, judgment or decree shall not be
vacated or set aside or stayed within sixty (60) days from the date of entry thereof.

19. REMEDIES. 

19.1 Upon the occurrence of any Event or Events of Default under this Lease, whether
enumerated in Article 18 or not, Landlord shall have the option to pursue any one or more of the
following remedies without any notice (except as expressly prescribed herein) or demand whatsoever
(and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Tenant hereby specifically waives notice and
demand for payment of rent or other obligations and waives any and all other notices or demand
requirements imposed by applicable law):

19.1.1 Terminate this Lease and Tenant s right to possession of the Premises and recover from
Tenant an award of damages equal to the sum of the following:

19.1.1.1 The Worth at the Time of Award of the unpaid rent which had been earned at the time
of termination;

14 

19.1.1.2 The Worth at the Time of Award of the amount by which the unpaid rent which would
have been earned after termination until the time of award exceeds the amount of such rent loss
that Tenant affirmatively proves could have been reasonably avoided;

19.1.1.3 The Worth at the Time of Award of the amount by which the unpaid rent for the balance
of the Term after the time of award exceeds the amount of such rent loss that Tenant affirmatively
proves could be reasonably avoided;

19.1.1.4 Any other amount necessary to compensate Landlord for all the detriment either
proximately caused by Tenant s failure to perform Tenant s obligations under this Lease or which in
the ordinary course of things would be likely to result therefrom; and

19.1.1.5 All such other amounts in addition to or in lieu of the foregoing as may be permitted
from time to time under applicable law.

The Worth at the Time of Award of the amounts referred to in parts 19.1.1.1 and 19.1.1.2 above,
shall be computed by allowing interest at the lesser of a per annum rate equal to: (i) the greatest
per annum rate of interest permitted from time to time under applicable law, or (ii) the Prime Rate
plus 5 . For purposes hereof, the Prime Rate shall be the per annum interest rate publicly
announced as its prime or base rate by a federally insured bank selected by Landlord in the State
of California. The Worth at the Time of Award of the amount referred to in part 19.1.1.3, above,
shall be computed by discounting such amount at the discount rate of the Federal Reserve Bank of
San Francisco at the time of award plus 1 ;

19.1.2 Employ the remedy described in California Civil Code 1951.4 (Landlord may continue
this Lease in effect after Tenant s breach and abandonment and recover rent as it becomes due, if
Tenant has the right to sublet or assign, subject only to reasonable limitations); or

19.1.3 Notwithstanding Landlord s exercise of the remedy described in California Civil Code 
1951.4 in respect of an Event or Events of Default, at such time thereafter as Landlord may elect
in writing, to terminate this Lease and Tenant s right to possession of the Premises and recover an
award of damages as provided above in Section 19.1.1.

19.2 The subsequent acceptance of rent hereunder by Landlord shall not be deemed to be a
waiver of any preceding breach by Tenant of any term, covenant or condition of this Lease, other
than the failure of Tenant to pay the particular rent so accepted, regardless of Landlord s
knowledge of such preceding breach at the time of acceptance of such rent. No waiver by Landlord
of any breach hereof shall be effective unless such waiver is in writing and signed by Landlord.

19.3 TENANT HEREBY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS CONFERRED BY SECTION 3275 OF THE CIVIL CODE OF
CALIFORNIA AND BY SECTIONS 1174 (c) AND 1179 OF THE CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE OF CALIFORNIA AND ANY
AND ALL OTHER REGULATIONS AND RULES OF LAW FROM TIME TO TIME IN EFFECT DURING THE TERM PROVIDING
THAT TENANT SHALL HAVE ANY RIGHT TO REDEEM, REINSTATE OR RESTORE THIS LEASE FOLLOWING ITS
TERMINATION BY REASON OF TENANT S BREACH. TENANT ALSO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW, THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
LEASE. 

19.4 No right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to Landlord is intended to be
exclusive of any other right or remedy, and each and every right and remedy shall be cumulative and
in addition to any other right or remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing by agreement,
applicable law or in equity. In addition to other remedies provided in this Lease, Landlord shall
be entitled, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to injunctive relief, or to a decree
compelling performance of any of the covenants, agreements, conditions or provisions of this Lease,
or to any other remedy allowed to Landlord at law or in equity. Forbearance by Landlord to enforce
one or more of the remedies herein provided upon an Event of Default shall not be deemed or
construed to constitute a waiver of such Event of Default.

19.5 This Article 19 shall be enforceable to the maximum extent such enforcement is not
prohibited by applicable law, and the unenforceability of any portion thereof shall not thereby
render unenforceable any other portion.

19.6 If more than one (1) Event of Default occurs during the Term or any renewal thereof,
Tenant s renewal options, expansion options, purchase options and rights of first offer and/or
refusal, if any are provided for in this Lease, shall be null and void.

15 

19.7 If, on account of any Event of Default by Tenant in Tenant s obligations under the terms
and conditions of this Lease, it shall become necessary or appropriate for Landlord to employ or
consult with an attorney or collection agency concerning or to enforce or defend any of Landlord s
rights or remedies arising under this Lease or to collect any sums due from Tenant, Tenant agrees
to pay all costs and fees so incurred by Landlord, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys fees and costs. TENANT EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO: (A) TRIAL BY JURY; AND (B)
SERVICE OF ANY NOTICE REQUIRED BY ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE LAW OR ORDINANCE APPLICABLE TO LANDLORDS OR
TENANTS BUT NOT REQUIRED BY THE TERMS OF THIS LEASE. 

19.8 Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Landlord may (but shall not be obligated to)
cure such Event of Default at Tenant s sole expense. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, Landlord may, at Landlord s option, enter into and upon the Premises if Landlord
determines in its reasonable discretion that Tenant is not acting within a commercially reasonable
time to maintain, repair or replace anything for which Tenant is responsible under this Lease or to
otherwise effect compliance with its obligations under this Lease and correct the same, without
being deemed in any manner guilty of trespass, eviction or forcible entry and detainer and without
incurring any liability for any damage or interruption of Tenant s business resulting therefrom and
Tenant agrees to reimburse Landlord within ten (10) days of Landlord s demand as additional rent,
for any expenses which Landlord may incur in thus effecting compliance with Tenant s obligations
under this Lease, plus interest from the date of expenditure by Landlord at the Wall Street Journal
prime rate.

20. TENANT S BANKRUPTCY OR INSOLVENCY. 

20.1 If at any time and for so long as Tenant shall be subjected to the provisions of the
United States Bankruptcy Code or other law of the United States or any state thereof for the
protection of debtors as in effect at such time (each a Debtor s Law ):

20.1.1 Tenant, Tenant as debtor-in-possession, and any trustee or receiver of Tenant s assets
(each a Tenant s Representative shall have no greater right to assume or assign this Lease or
any interest in this Lease, or to sublease any of the Premises than accorded to Tenant in Article
9, except to the extent Landlord shall be required to permit such assumption, assignment or
sublease by the provisions of such Debtor s Law. Without limitation of the generality of the
foregoing, any right of any Tenant s Representative to assume or assign this Lease or to sublease
any of the Premises shall be subject to the conditions that:

20.1.1.1 Such Debtor s Law shall provide to Tenant s Representative a right of assumption of
this Lease which Tenant s Representative shall have timely exercised and Tenant s Representative
shall have fully cured any default of Tenant under this Lease.

20.1.1.2 Tenant s Representative or the proposed assignee, as the case shall be, shall have
deposited with Landlord as security for the timely payment of rent an amount equal to the larger
of: (a) three (3) months rent and other monetary charges accruing under this Lease; and (b) any
sum specified in Article 5; and shall have provided Landlord with adequate other assurance of the
future performance of the obligations of the Tenant under this Lease. Without limitation, such
assurances shall include, at least, in the case of assumption of this Lease, demonstration to the
satisfaction of the Landlord that Tenant s Representative has and will continue to have sufficient
unencumbered assets after the payment of all secured obligations and administrative expenses to
assure Landlord that Tenant s Representative will have sufficient funds to fulfill the obligations
of Tenant under this Lease; and, in the case of assignment, submission of current financial
statements of the proposed assignee, audited by an independent certified public accountant
reasonably acceptable to Landlord and showing a net worth and working capital in amounts determined
by Landlord to be sufficient to assure the future performance by such assignee of all of the
Tenant s obligations under this Lease.

20.1.1.3 The assumption or any contemplated assignment of this Lease or subleasing any part of
the Premises, as shall be the case, will not breach any provision in any other lease, mortgage,
financing agreement or other agreement by which Landlord is bound.

20.1.1.4 Landlord shall have, or would have had absent the Debtor s Law, no right under
Article 9 to refuse consent to the proposed assignment or sublease by reason of the identity or
nature of the proposed assignee or sublessee or the proposed use of the Premises concerned.

21. QUIET ENJOYMENT. Landlord represents and warrants that it has full right and authority to
enter into this Lease and that Tenant, while paying the rental and performing its other covenants
and agreements contained in this Lease, shall peaceably and quietly have, hold and enjoy the
Premises for the Term without hindrance or molestation from Landlord subject to the terms and
provisions of this Lease. Landlord shall not be liable for any interference or disturbance by
other

16 

tenants or third persons, nor shall Tenant be released from any of the obligations of this
Lease because of such interference or disturbance. Landlord shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to end or minimize interference or disturbance by other tenants or third persons after
Tenant has requested Landlord to do so in writing; provided however, that Landlord shall not be
liable for any interference or disturbance by other tenants or third persons, nor shall Tenant be
released from any of the obligations of this Lease because of such interference or disturbance.

22. CASUALTY. 

22.1 In the event the Premises or the Building are damaged by fire or other cause and in
Landlord s reasonable estimation such damage can be materially restored within one hundred eighty
(180) days, Landlord shall forthwith repair the same and this Lease shall remain in full force and
effect, except that Tenant shall be entitled to a proportionate abatement in rent from the date of
such damage. Such abatement of rent shall be made pro rata in accordance with the extent to which
the damage and the making of such repairs shall interfere with the use and occupancy by Tenant of
the Premises from time to time. Within forty-five (45) days from the date of such damage, Landlord
shall notify Tenant, in writing, of Landlord s reasonable estimation of the length of time within
which material restoration can be made. For purposes of this Lease, the Building or Premises shall
be deemed materially restored if they are in such condition as would not prevent or materially
interfere with Tenant s use of the Premises for the purpose for which it was being used immediately
before such damage.

22.2 If such repairs cannot, in Landlord s reasonable estimation, be made within one hundred
eighty (180) days, Landlord and Tenant shall each have the option of giving the other, at any time
within ninety (90) days after such damage, notice terminating this Lease as of the date of such
damage. In the event of the giving of such notice, this Lease shall expire and all interest of the
Tenant in the Premises shall terminate as of the date of such damage as if such date had been
originally fixed in this Lease for the expiration of the Term. In the event that neither Landlord
nor Tenant exercises its option to terminate this Lease, then Landlord shall repair or restore such
damage, this Lease continuing in full force and effect, and the rent hereunder shall be
proportionately abated as provided in Section 22.1.

22.3 Landlord shall not be required to repair or replace any damage or loss by or from fire or
other cause to any panelings, decorations, partitions, additions, railings, ceilings, floor
coverings, office fixtures or any other property or improvements installed on the Premises by, or
belonging to, Tenant. Any insurance which may be carried by Landlord or Tenant against loss or
damage to the Building or Premises shall be for the sole benefit of the party carrying such
insurance and under its sole control.

22.4 In the event that Landlord should fail to complete such repairs and material restoration
within sixty (60) days after the date estimated by Landlord therefor as extended by this Section
22.4, Tenant may at its option and as its sole remedy terminate this Lease by delivering written
notice to Landlord, within fifteen (15) days after the expiration of said period of time, whereupon
this Lease shall end on the date of such notice or such later date fixed in such notice as if the
date of such notice was the date originally fixed in this Lease for the expiration of the Term;
provided, however, that if construction is delayed because of changes, deletions or additions in
construction requested by Tenant, strikes, lockouts, casualties, Acts of God, war, material or
labor shortages, government regulation or control or other causes beyond the reasonable control of
Landlord, the period for restoration, repair or rebuilding shall be extended for the amount of time
Landlord is so delayed.

22.5 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Article: (a) Landlord shall
not have any obligation whatsoever to repair, reconstruct, or restore the Premises when the damages
resulting from any casualty covered by the provisions of this Article 22 occur during the last
twelve (12) months of the Term or any extension thereof, but if Landlord determines not to repair
such damages Landlord shall notify Tenant and if such damages shall render any material portion of
the Premises untenantable Tenant shall have the right to terminate this Lease by notice to Landlord
within fifteen (15) days after receipt of Landlord s notice; and (b) in the event the holder of any
indebtedness secured by a mortgage or deed of trust covering the Premises or Building requires that
any insurance proceeds be applied to such indebtedness, then Landlord shall have the right to
terminate this Lease by delivering written notice of termination to Tenant within fifteen (15) days
after such requirement is made by any such holder, whereupon this Lease shall end on the date of
such damage as if the date of such damage were the date originally fixed in this Lease for the
expiration of the Term.

22.6 In the event of any damage or destruction to the Building or Premises by any peril
covered by the provisions of this Article 22, it shall be Tenant s responsibility to properly
secure the Premises and upon notice from Landlord to remove forthwith, at its sole cost and
expense, such portion of all of the property belonging to Tenant or its licensees from such portion
or all of the Building or Premises as Landlord shall request.

17 

22.7 Tenant hereby waives any and all rights under and benefits of Sections 1932(2) and
1933(4) of the California Civil Code, or any similar or successor Regulations or other laws now or
hereinafter in effect.

23. EMINENT DOMAIN. If all or any substantial part of the Premises shall be taken or appropriated
by any public or quasi-public authority under the power of eminent domain, or conveyance in lieu of
such appropriation, either party to this Lease shall have the right, at its option, of giving the
other, at any time within thirty (30) days after such taking, notice terminating this Lease, except
that Tenant may only terminate this Lease by reason of taking or appropriation, if such taking or
appropriation shall be so substantial as to materially interfere with Tenant s use and occupancy of
the Premises. If neither party to this Lease shall so elect to terminate this Lease, the rental
thereafter to be paid shall be adjusted on a fair and equitable basis under the circumstances. In
addition to the rights of Landlord above, if any substantial part of the Building shall be taken or
appropriated by any public or quasi-public authority under the power of eminent domain or
conveyance in lieu thereof, and regardless of whether the Premises or any part thereof are so taken
or appropriated, Landlord shall have the right, at its sole option, to terminate this Lease.
Landlord shall be entitled to any and all income, rent, award, or any interest whatsoever in or
upon any such sum, which may be paid or made in connection with any such public or quasi-public use
or purpose, and Tenant hereby assigns to Landlord any interest it may have in or claim to all or
any part of such sums, other than any separate award which may be made with respect to Tenant s
trade fixtures and moving expenses; Tenant shall make no claim for the value of any unexpired Term.
Tenant hereby waives any and all rights under and benefits of Section 1265.130 of the California
Code of Civil Procedure, or any similar or successor Regulations or other laws now or hereinafter
in effect.

24. SALE BY LANDLORD. In event of a sale or conveyance by Landlord of the Building, the same shall
operate to release Landlord from any future liability upon any of the covenants or conditions,
expressed or implied, contained in this Lease in favor of Tenant, provided that any successor
pursuant to a voluntary, third-party transfer (but not as part of an involuntary transfer resulting
from a foreclosure or deed in lieu thereof) shall have assumed Landlord s obligations under this
Lease either by contractual obligation, assumption agreement or by operation of law, and in such
event Tenant agrees to look solely to the responsibility of the successor in interest of Landlord
in and to this Lease. Except as set forth in this Article 24, this Lease shall not be affected by
any such sale and Tenant agrees to attorn to the purchaser or assignee. If any security has been
given by Tenant to secure the faithful performance of any of the covenants of this Lease, Landlord
may transfer or deliver said security, as such, to Landlord s successor in interest and thereupon
Landlord shall be discharged from any further liability with regard to said security.

25. ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES. Within ten (10) days following any written request which Landlord may
make from time to time, Tenant shall execute and deliver to Landlord or mortgagee or prospective
mortgagee a sworn statement certifying: (a) the date of commencement of this Lease; (b) the fact
that this Lease is unmodified and in full force and effect (or, if there have been modifications to
this Lease, that this Lease is in full force and effect, as modified, and stating the date and
nature of such modifications); (c) the date to which the rent and other sums payable under this
Lease has been paid; (d) the fact that there are no current defaults under this Lease by either
Landlord or Tenant except as specified in Tenant s statement; and (e) such other matters as may be
reasonably requested by Landlord. Landlord and Tenant intend that any statement delivered pursuant
to this Article 25 may be relied upon by any mortgagee, beneficiary or purchaser. Tenant
irrevocably agrees that if Tenant fails to execute and deliver such certificate within such ten
(10) day period Landlord or Landlord s beneficiary or agent may execute and deliver such
certificate on Tenant s behalf, and that such certificate shall be fully binding on Tenant.
Landlord shall, within ten (10) business days after receipt of a written request from Tenant,
execute and deliver a commercially reasonable estoppel certificate to Tenant s lender. Such
estoppel certificate shall provide a certification solely as to (i) the date of commencement of
this Lease, (ii) the fact that this Lease is unmodified and in full force and effect (or, if there
have been modifications to this Lease, that this Lease is in full force and effect, as modified,
and stating the date and nature of such modifications); (iii) the date to which the rent payable
under this Lease have been paid; (iv) that, to the best of Landlord s actual knowledge, there are
no current defaults under this Lease by Tenant except as specified in Landlord s statement.

26. SURRENDER OF PREMISES. 

26.1 Tenant shall arrange to meet Landlord for two (2) joint inspections of the Premises, the
first to occur at least thirty (30) days (but no more than sixty (60) days) before the last day of
the Term, and an appointment for the second to be agreed upon to occur not later than forty-eight
(48) hours after Tenant has vacated the Premises. In the event of Tenant s failure to arrange such
joint inspections and/or participate in either such inspection, Landlord s inspection at or after
Tenant s vacating the Premises shall be conclusively deemed correct for purposes of determining
Tenant s responsibility for repairs and restoration.

18 

26.2 All alterations, additions, and improvements (but not Tenant s personalty) in, on, or to
the Premises made or installed by or for Tenant, including, without limitation, carpeting
(collectively, Alterations ), shall be and remain the property of Tenant during the Term. Upon
the expiration or sooner termination of the Term, all Alterations shall become a part of the realty
and shall belong to Landlord without compensation, and title shall pass to Landlord under this
Lease as by a bill of sale. At the end of the Term or any renewal of the Term or other sooner
termination of this Lease, Tenant will peaceably deliver up to Landlord possession of the Premises,
together with all Alterations by whomsoever made, in the same conditions received or first
installed, broom clean and free of all debris, excepting only ordinary wear and tear and damage by
fire or other casualty. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Landlord elects by notice given to
Tenant at least ten (10) days prior to expiration of the Term, Tenant shall, at Tenant s sole cost,
remove any Alterations, including carpeting, so designated by Landlord s notice, and repair any
damage caused by such removal. Tenant must, at Tenant s sole cost, remove upon termination of this
Lease, any and all of Tenant s furniture, furnishings, equipment, movable partitions of less than
full height from floor to ceiling and other trade fixtures and personal property, as well as all
data/telecommunications cabling and wiring installed by or on behalf of Tenant, whether inside
walls, under any raised floor or above any ceiling (collectively, Personalty ). Personalty not so
removed shall be deemed abandoned by the Tenant and title to the same shall thereupon pass to
Landlord under this Lease as by a bill of sale, but Tenant shall remain responsible for the cost of
removal and disposal of such Personalty, as well as any damage caused by such removal. In lieu of
requiring Tenant to remove Alterations and Personalty and repair the Premises as aforesaid,
Landlord may, by written notice to Tenant delivered at least thirty (30) days before the
Termination Date, require Tenant to pay to Landlord, as additional rent hereunder, the cost of such
removal and repair in an amount reasonably estimated by Landlord; provided, however, if Tenant has
a bona fide estimate from a contractor acceptable to Landlord for the removal and repair work which
is less than the estimated amount stated in Landlord s notice to Tenant for the same work, and such
contractor agrees to provide equal pricing to Landlord, Landlord shall elect to either accept such
lower amount from Tenant or shall require Tenant to remove the subject Alterations and Personalty,
which removal shall be performed in accordance with the terms hereof.

26.3 All obligations of Tenant under this Lease not fully performed as of the expiration or
earlier termination of the Term shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term.
Upon the expiration or earlier termination of the Term, Tenant shall pay to Landlord the amount, as
reasonably estimated by Landlord, necessary to repair and restore the Premises as provided in this
Lease and/or to discharge Tenant s obligation for unpaid amounts due or to become due to Landlord.
All such amounts shall be used and held by Landlord for payment of such obligations of Tenant, with
Tenant being liable for any additional costs upon written demand by Landlord, or with any excess to
be returned to Tenant after all such obligations have been determined and satisfied. Any otherwise
unused Security Deposit shall be credited against the amount payable by Tenant under this Lease.

27. NOTICES. Any notice or document required or permitted to be delivered under this Lease shall
be addressed to the intended recipient, by fully prepaid registered or certified United States Mail
return receipt requested, or by reputable independent contract delivery service furnishing a
written record of attempted or actual delivery, and shall be deemed to be delivered when tendered
for delivery to the addressee at its address set forth on the Reference Pages, or at such other
address as it has then last specified by written notice delivered in accordance with this Article
27, or if to Tenant at either its aforesaid address or its last known registered office or home of
a general partner or individual owner, whether or not actually accepted or received by the
addressee. Any such notice or document may also be personally delivered if a receipt is signed by
and received from, the individual, if any, named in Tenant s Notice Address.

28. TAXES PAYABLE BY TENANT. In addition to rent and other charges to be paid by Tenant under this
Lease, Tenant shall reimburse to Landlord, upon demand, any and all taxes payable by Landlord
(other than net income or corporate franchise taxes) whether or not now customary or within the
contemplation of the parties to this Lease: (a) upon, allocable to, or measured by or on the gross
or net rent payable under this Lease, including without limitation any gross income tax or excise
tax levied by the State, any political subdivision thereof, or the Federal Government with respect
to the receipt of such rent; (b) upon or with respect to the possession, leasing, operation,
management, maintenance, alteration, repair, use or occupancy of the Premises or any portion
thereof, including any sales, use or service tax imposed as a result thereof; (c) upon or measured
by the Tenant s gross receipts or payroll or the value of Tenant s equipment, furniture, fixtures
and other personal property of Tenant or leasehold improvements, alterations or additions located
in the Premises; or (d) upon this transaction or any document to which Tenant is a party creating
or transferring any interest of Tenant in this Lease or the Premises. In addition to the
foregoing, Tenant agrees to pay, before delinquency, any and all taxes levied or assessed against
Tenant and which become payable during the term hereof upon Tenant s equipment, furniture, fixtures
and other personal property of Tenant located in the Premises.

29. RELOCATION OF TENANT. Intentionally Omitted 

19 

30. PARKING. 

30.1 During the initial Term of this Lease, Tenant agrees to lease from Landlord and Landlord
agrees to lease to Tenant, the number and type of parking passes as set forth on the Reference Page
of this Lease. This right to park in the Building s parking facilities (the Parking Facility shall be on an unreserved, nonexclusive, first come, first served basis, for passenger-size
automobiles and is subject to the following terms and conditions:

30.1.1 Tenant shall pay to Landlord, or Landlord s designated parking operator, the Building s
prevailing monthly parking charges, without deduction or offset, on the first day of each month
during the Term of this Lease; provided that during the initial Term of this Lease there shall be
no charge for number and type of parking passes as set forth on the Reference Page of this Lease.
Landlord will notify Tenant upon not less than thirty (30) days notice of any increases in the
monthly parking charges prior to billing Tenant any increases. No deductions from the monthly
charge shall be made for days on which the Parking Facility is not used by Tenant.

30.1.2 Tenant shall at all times abide by and shall cause each of Tenant s employees, agents,
customers, visitors, invitees, licensees, contractors, assignees and subtenants (collectively,
 Tenant s Parties to abide by any rules and regulations Rules for use of the Parking Facility
that Landlord or Landlord s garage operator reasonably establishes from time to time, which Rules
shall be generally applicable to all users of the Parking Facility, and otherwise agrees to use the
Parking Facility in a safe and lawful manner. Landlord reserves the right to adopt, modify and
enforce the Rules governing the use of the Parking Facility from time to time including any
key-card, sticker or other identification or entrance system and hours of operation. Landlord may
refuse to permit any person who violates such Rules to park in the Parking Facility, and any
violation of the Rules shall subject the car to removal from the Parking Facility.

30.1.3 Unless specified to the contrary above, the parking spaces hereunder shall be provided
on a non-designated first-come, first-served basis. Landlord reserves the right to assign
specific spaces, and to reserve spaces for visitors, small cars, disabled persons or for other
tenants or guests, and Tenant shall not park and shall not allow Tenant s Parties to park in any
such assigned or reserved spaces. Tenant may validate visitor parking by such method as Landlord
may approve, at the validation rate from time to time generally applicable to visitor parking.
Tenant acknowledges that the Parking Facility may be closed entirely or in part in order to make
repairs or perform maintenance services, or to alter, modify, re-stripe or renovate the Parking
Facility, or if required by casualty, strike, condemnation, act of God, governmental law or
requirement or other reason beyond the operator s reasonable control. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to perform any repairs, renovations
or re-striping of the Parking Facility in a manner which will require closure of only those
portions of the Parking Facility affected by such repairs, renovations or re-striping and not the
closure of the entire Parking Facility.

30.1.4 Tenant acknowledges that to the fullest extent permitted by law, Landlord shall have no
liability for any damage to property or other items located in the parking areas of the Building
(including without limitation, any loss or damage to tenant s automobile or the contents thereof
due to theft, vandalism or accident), nor for any personal injuries or death arising out of the use
of the Parking Facility by Tenant or any Tenant s Parties, whether or not such loss or damage
results from Landlord s active negligence or negligent omission. The limitation on Landlord s
liability under the preceding sentence shall not apply however to loss or damage arising directly
from Landlord s willful misconduct. Without limiting the foregoing, if Landlord arranges for the
parking areas to be operated by an independent contractor not affiliated with Landlord, Tenant
acknowledges that Landlord shall have no liability for claims arising through acts or omissions of
such independent contractor. Tenant and Tenant s Parties each hereby voluntarily releases,
discharges, waives and relinquishes any and all actions or causes of action for personal injury or
property damage occurring to Tenant or any of Tenant s Parties arising as a result of parking in
the Parking Facility, or any activities incidental thereto, wherever or however the same may occur,
and further agrees that Tenant will not prosecute any claim for personal injury or property damage
against Landlord or any of its officers, agents, servants or employees for any said causes of
action and in all events, Tenant agrees to look first to its insurance carrier and to require that
Tenant s Parties look first to their respective insurance carriers for payment of any losses
sustained in connection with any use of the Parking Facility. Tenant hereby waives on behalf of
its insurance carriers all rights of subrogation against Landlord or any Landlord Entities.

30.1.5 Tenant s right to park as described in this Article and this Lease is exclusive to
Tenant and may not be assigned or transferred except in connection with an assignment or sublease
permitted under this Lease.

30.1.6 In the event any surcharge or regulatory fee is at any time imposed by any governmental
authority with reference to parking, Tenant shall (commencing after two (2) weeks notice to
Tenant) pay, per parking pass, such surcharge or regulatory fee to Landlord in advance on the first
day of each calendar month
concurrently with the month

 20 

installment of rent due under this Lease.
Landlord will enforce any surcharge or fee in an equitable manner amongst the Building tenants.

30.2 If Tenant violates any of the terms and conditions of this Article, the operator of the
Parking Facility shall have the right to remove from the Parking Facility any vehicles hereunder
which shall have been involved or shall have been owned or driven by parties involved in causing
such violation, without liability therefor whatsoever. In addition, Landlord shall have the right
to cancel Tenant s right to use the Parking Facility pursuant to this Article upon ten (10) days 
written notice, unless within such ten (10) day period, Tenant cures such default. Such
cancellation right shall be cumulative and in addition to any other rights or remedies available to
Landlord at law or equity, or provided under this Lease.

31. DEFINED TERMS AND HEADINGS. The Article headings shown in this Lease are for convenience of
reference and shall in no way define, increase, limit or describe the scope or intent of any
provision of this Lease. Any indemnification or insurance of Landlord shall apply to and inure to
the benefit of all the following Landlord Entities , being Landlord, Landlord s investment
manager, and the trustees, boards of directors, officers, general partners, beneficiaries,
stockholders, employees and agents of each of them. Any option granted to Landlord shall also
include or be exercisable by Landlord s trustee, beneficiary, agents and employees, as the case may
be. In any case where this Lease is signed by more than one person, the obligations under this
Lease shall be joint and several. The terms Tenant and Landlord or any pronoun used in place
thereof shall indicate and include the masculine or feminine, the singular or plural number,
individuals, firms or corporations, and their and each of their respective successors, executors,
administrators and permitted assigns, according to the context hereof. The term rentable area 
shall mean the rentable area of the Premises or the Building as calculated by the Landlord on the
basis of the plans and specifications of the Building including a proportionate share of any common
areas. Tenant hereby accepts and agrees to be bound by the figures for the rentable square footage
of the Premises and Tenant s Proportionate Share shown on the Reference Pages; however, Landlord
may adjust either or both figures if there is manifest error, addition or subtraction to the
Building or any business park or complex of which the Building is a part, remeasurement or other
circumstance reasonably justifying adjustment. The term Building refers to the structure in
which the Premises are located and the common areas (parking lots, sidewalks, landscaping, etc.)
appurtenant thereto. If the Building is part of a larger complex of structures, the term
 Building may include the entire complex, where appropriate (such as shared Expenses, Insurance
Costs or Taxes) and subject to Landlord s reasonable discretion. Whenever a period of time is
prescribed for the taking of an action by Landlord or Tenant (except the obligations of either
party to pay money to the other party, including rental, Security Deposit and other charges,
pursuant to the Lease), the period of time for the performance of such action shall be extended by
the number of days that the performance is actually delayed due to strikes, acts of God, shortages
of labor or materials, war, terrorist acts, civil disturbances and other causes beyond the
reasonable control of the performing party Force Majeure ).

32. TENANT S AUTHORITY. 

32.1 If Tenant signs as a corporation, partnership, trust or other legal entity each of the
persons executing this Lease on behalf of Tenant represents and warrants that Tenant has been and
is qualified to do business in the state in which the Building is located, that the entity has full
right and authority to enter into this Lease, and that all persons signing on behalf of the entity
were authorized to do so by appropriate actions. Tenant agrees to deliver to Landlord,
simultaneously with the delivery of this Lease, a corporate resolution, proof of due authorization
by partners, opinion of counsel or other appropriate documentation reasonably acceptable to
Landlord evidencing the due authorization of Tenant to enter into this Lease.

32.2 Tenant hereby represents and warrants that neither Tenant, nor any persons or entities
holding any legal or beneficial interest whatsoever in Tenant, are (i) the target of any sanctions
program that is established by Executive Order of the President or published by the Office of
Foreign Assets Control, U.S. Department of the Treasury OFAC (ii) designated by the President
or OFAC pursuant to the Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 U.S.C. App. 5, the International Emergency
Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1701-06, the Patriot Act, Public Law 107-56, Executive Order
13224 (September 23, 2001) or any Executive Order of the President issued pursuant to such
statutes; or (iii) named on the following list that is published by OFAC: List of Specially
Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons. If the foregoing representation is untrue at any time
during the Term, an Event of Default will be deemed to have occurred, without the necessity of
notice to Tenant.

33. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND CREDIT REPORTS. At Landlord s request, Tenant shall deliver to
Landlord a copy, certified by an officer of Tenant as being a true and correct copy, of Tenant s
most recent audited financial statement, or, if unaudited, certified by Tenant s chief financial
officer as being true, complete and correct in all material respects. Tenant hereby authorizes
Landlord to obtain one or more credit reports on Tenant at any time, and shall execute such further
authorizations as Landlord may reasonably require in order to obtain a credit report. So long as
Tenant is a

21 

publicly traded company on an over-the-counter market or any recognized national or
international securities exchange, the foregoing shall not apply so long as Tenant s current public
annual report (in compliance with applicable securities laws) for such applicable year is available
to Landlord in the public domain.

34. COMMISSIONS. Each of the parties represents and warrants to the other that it has not dealt
with any broker or finder in connection with this Lease, except as described on the Reference
Pages.

35. TIME AND APPLICABLE LAW. Time is of the essence of this Lease and all of its provisions. This
Lease shall in all respects be governed by the laws of the state in which the Building is located.

36. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. Subject to the provisions of Article 9, the terms, covenants and
conditions contained in this Lease shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs,
successors, executors, administrators and assigns of the parties to this Lease.

37. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Lease, together with its exhibits, contains all agreements of the
parties to this Lease and supersedes any previous negotiations. There have been no representations
made by the Landlord or any of its representatives or understandings made between the parties other
than those set forth in this Lease and its exhibits. This Lease may not be modified except by a
written instrument duly executed by the parties to this Lease.

38. EXAMINATION NOT OPTION. Submission of this Lease shall not be deemed to be a reservation of
the Premises. Landlord shall not be bound by this Lease until it has received a copy of this Lease
duly executed by Tenant and has delivered to Tenant a copy of this Lease duly executed by Landlord,
and until such delivery Landlord reserves the right to exhibit and lease the Premises to other
prospective tenants. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Lease to the contrary, Landlord
may withhold delivery of possession of the Premises from Tenant until such time as Tenant has paid
to Landlord any security deposit required by Article 5, the first month s rent as set forth in
Article 3 and any sum owed pursuant to this Lease.

39. RECORDATION. Tenant shall not record or register this Lease or a short form memorandum hereof
without the prior written consent of Landlord, and then shall pay all charges and taxes incident
such recording or registration.

40. OPTION TO RENEW. 

40.1 Provided this Lease is in full force and effect and there is no Event of Default under
this Lease at the time of notification or commencement, Tenant shall have one (1) option to renew
(the Renewal Option this Lease for a term of five (5) years (the Renewal Term ), for the
portion of the Premises being leased by Tenant as of the date the Renewal Term is to commence, on
the same terms and conditions set forth in this Lease, except as modified by the terms, covenants
and conditions as set forth below:

40.1.1 If Tenant elects to exercise the Renewal Option, then Tenant shall provide Landlord
with written notice no earlier than the date which is two hundred seventy (270) days prior to the
expiration of the Term of this Lease but no later than the date which is one hundred eighty (180)
days prior to the expiration of the Term of this Lease. If Tenant fails to provide such notice,
Tenant shall have no further or additional right to extend or renew the Term of this Lease.

40.1.2 The Annual Rent and Monthly Installment in effect at the expiration of the then current
Term of this Lease shall be increased to reflect the Prevailing Market (as defined in Section
40.1.5) rate. Landlord shall advise Tenant of the new Annual Rent and Monthly Installment for the
Premises no later than thirty (30) days after receipt of Tenant s written request therefor. Said
request shall be made no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the first date on which Tenant may
exercise its Renewal Option under this Article 40. Said notification of the new Annual Rent may
include a provision for its escalation to provide for a change in the Prevailing Market rate
between the time of notification and the commencement of the Renewal Term. If Tenant and Landlord
are unable to agree on a mutually acceptable rental rate not later than sixty (60) days prior to
the expiration of the then current Term, then Landlord and Tenant shall each appoint a qualified
MAI appraiser doing business in the area, in turn those two independent MAI appraisers shall
appoint a third MAI appraiser and the majority shall decide upon the fair market rental for the
Premises as of the expiration of the then current Term. Landlord and Tenant shall equally share
in the expense of this appraisal except that in the event the Annual Rent and Monthly Installment
is found to be within six percent (6 of the original rate quoted by Landlord, then Tenant shall
bear the full cost of all the appraisal process.

22 

40.1.3 This Renewal Option is not transferable; the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that
they intend that the aforesaid option to renew this Lease shall be personal to Tenant as set
forth above and that in no event will any assignee or sublessee (except pursuant to a Permitted
Transfer) have any rights to exercise the aforesaid option to renew.

40.1.4 If the Renewal Option is validly exercised or if Tenant fails to validly exercise the
Renewal Option, Tenant shall have no further right to extend the term of this Lease.

40.1.5 For purposes of this Renewal Option, Prevailing Market shall mean the arms length
fair market annual rental rate per rentable square foot under renewal leases and amendments entered
into on or about the date on which the Prevailing Market is being determined hereunder for space
comparable to the Premises in the Building and buildings comparable to the Building in the South
Orange County, California area as of the date the Renewal Term is to commence, taking into account
the specific provisions of this Lease which will remain constant. The determination of Prevailing
Market shall take into account any material economic differences between the terms of this Lease
and any comparison lease or amendment, such as rent abatements, construction costs and other
concessions and the manner, if any, in which the landlord under any such lease is reimbursed for
operating expenses and taxes. The determination of Prevailing Market shall also take into
consideration any reasonably anticipated changes in the Prevailing Market rate from the time such
Prevailing Market rate is being determined and the time such Prevailing Market rate will become
effective under this Lease.

41. RIGHT OF FIRST OFFER. 

41.1 Tenant shall have the on-going right of offer (the Offer Right to lease any space
located in the Building Offer Space ), provided that said space is not already encumbered by
options of existing tenants at the Building, effective at such time as the subject Offer Space is
vacated by the prior tenant (or, if the prior tenant has confirmed in writing that tenant will not
extend or renew its lease prior to vacating the Offer Space, upon such time as Landlord receives
such written confirmation). In such event, Landlord shall give written notice to Tenant of the
availability of the subject Offer Space and the terms and conditions on which Landlord intends to
offer it to the public and Tenant shall have a period of fifteen (15) days in which to exercise
Tenant s Offer Right to lease the entire subject Offer Space only pursuant to the terms and
conditions contained in Landlord s notice, failing which Landlord may lease the subject Offer Space
to any third party on whatever basis Landlord desires, and Tenant shall have no further rights with
respect to such subject Offer Space. If Tenant exercises its Offer Right for the Offer Space in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Article 41, effective as of the date Landlord
delivers the subject Offer Space (the Delivery Date ), such Offer Space shall automatically be
included within the Premises and subject to all the terms and conditions of this Lease, except as
set forth in Landlord s notice and as follows:

41.1.1 Tenant s Proportionate Share shall be recalculated, using the total square footage of
the Premises, as increased by the subject Offer Space, as the case may be.

41.1.2 the Offer Space shall be leased on an as is basis and Landlord shall have no
obligation to improve the Offer Space or grant Tenant any improvement allowance thereon except as
may be provided in Landlord s written notice of the Offer Right to Tenant.

41.1.3 Tenant shall, prior to the beginning of the term for the subject Offer Space, as the
case may be, execute a written memorandum or amendment confirming the inclusion of the subject
Offer Space and the Monthly Installment of Rent and Annual Rent applicable thereto.

41.2 Tenant shall have no such Offer Right with respect to the subject Offer Space, as the
case may be, and Landlord need not provide Tenant with a written notice of the same, if:

41.2.1 There is an Event of Default under this Lease at the time that Landlord would otherwise
deliver its written notice of the subject Offer Right as described above; or

41.2.2 the Premises, or any portion thereof, is sublet (other than pursuant to a Permitted
Transfer) at the time Landlord would otherwise deliver its written notice of the subject Offer
Right as described above; or

41.2.3 this Lease has been assigned (other than pursuant to a Permitted Transfer) prior to the
date Landlord would otherwise deliver its written notice of the subject Offer Right as described
above; or

41.2.4 Tenant (or a Permitted Transferee) is not occupying the Premises on the date Landlord
would otherwise deliver its written notice of the Offer Right as described above; or

23 

41.2.5 the subject Offer Space is not intended for the exclusive use of Tenant during the
Term; or

41.2.6 the existing tenant in the subject Offer Space is interested in extending or renewing
its lease for such Offer Space or entering into a new lease for such Offer Space.

41.3 If Landlord is delayed delivering possession of the subject Offer Space due to the
holdover or unlawful possession of such space by any party, Landlord shall use reasonable efforts
to obtain possession of such space, and the commencement of the term for the subject Offer Space
shall be postponed until the date Landlord delivers possession of the subject Offer Space to Tenant
free from occupancy by any party.

The rights of Tenant hereunder with respect to the Offer Space shall terminate on the earlier to
occur of: (i) the expiration of the initial Term of this Lease (or, if Tenant exercise its Renewal
Option, the expiration of the Renewal Term); (ii) with respect to any particular availability, the
date Landlord would have provided Tenant written notice of the Offer Right as described herein
above if Tenant had not been in violation of one or more of the conditions set forth in Section
41.2 above; and (iii) with respect to any particular availability, Tenant s failure to exercise its
Offer Right within the fifteen (15) day period provided in Section 41.1 above. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if (i) Tenant was entitled to exercise its Offer Right, but failed to exercise its right
within the fifteen (15) day period provided in paragraph 41.1 above, and (ii) within six (6) months
after the end of such fifteen (15) day period, period, Landlord proposes to lease the same Offer
Space to a third party on terms that are substantially different than those offered to Tenant. For
purposes hereof, the terms offered to a third party shall be deemed to be substantially the same as
those set forth in the Advice as long as there is no more than a ten percent (10 reduction in the
 bottom line cost per rentable square foot of the Offer Space to the third party when compared
with the bottom line cost per rentable square foot offered to Tenant, considering all of the
economic terms of the both deals, respectively, including, without limitation, the net rent, any
tax or expense escalation or other financial escalation and any financial concessions.

41.5 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Tenant s Offer Right is subject and
subordinate to the expansion rights (whether such rights are designated as a right of first offer,
right of first refusal, expansion option or otherwise) of any tenant of the Building existing on
the date hereof.

42. SUITE SIGNAGE. Landlord shall provide and install, at Landlord s sole cost and expense, the
initial signage for Tenant in the Building directory and Building standard suite signage at the
entry to the Premises. Such signage shall consist of Building standard materials and shall comply
with current Building specifications.

43. EYEBROW SIGNAGE. Tenant shall have the right to have eyebrow signage located on the Enterprise
side of the Building (the Eyebrow Signage ). The exact location of the Eyebrow Signage shall be
subject to all applicable Regulations and Landlord s prior written approval, which approval shall
not be unreasonably withheld, provided that the location does not detract from the first-class
quality of the Building. Such right to Eyebrow Signage is personal to Tenant and is subject to the
following terms and conditions:

43.1 Tenant shall submit plans and drawings for the Eyebrow Signage to the City of Aliso Viejo
and to any other public authorities having jurisdiction and shall obtain written approval from each
such jurisdiction prior to installation, and shall fully comply with all applicable Regulations.

43.2 Tenant shall, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, design, construct and install the
Eyebrow Signage.

43.3 The Eyebrow Signage shall be subject to Landlord s prior written approval, which approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld.

43.4 Tenant shall maintain the Eyebrow Signage in good condition and repair, and all costs of
maintenance and repair shall be borne by Tenant. Maintenance shall include, without limitation,
cleaning and, if the Eyebrow Signage is illuminated, relamping at reasonable intervals. Tenant
shall be responsible for any electrical energy used in connection with the Eyebrow Signage.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall not be liable for any fee in connection with Tenant s
right to display the Eyebrow Signage in accordance with this Lease. At Landlord s option, Tenant s
right to the Eyebrow Signage may be revoked and terminated upon occurrence of any of the following
events:

43.4.1 There is an Event of Default under this Lease.

43.4.2 Tenant occupies less than fifty percent (50 of the Premises.

24 

43.4.3 This Lease shall terminate or otherwise no longer be in effect.

43.5 Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease or at such other time that
Tenant s signage rights are terminated pursuant to the terms hereof, if Tenant fails to remove the
Eyebrow Signage and repair the Building in accordance with the terms of this Lease, Landlord shall
cause the Eyebrow Signage to be removed from the Building and the Building to be repaired and
restored to the condition which existed prior to the installation of the Eyebrow Signage
(including, if necessary, the replacement of any precast concrete panels), all at the sole cost and
expense of Tenant and otherwise in accordance with this Lease, without further notice from Landlord
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Lease. Tenant shall pay all costs and
expenses for such removal and restoration within five (5) business days following delivery of an
invoice therefor.

43.6 The rights provided in this Article 43 are subject and subordinate to the existing rights
of RemedyTemp Inc., a California corporation (or its successor in interest at the Building) RemedyTemp ), and shall be non-transferable unless otherwise agreed in writing by Landlord and by
RemedyTemp, each in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall not
disapprove a transfer of the Eyebrow Signage in connection with a Permitted Transfer, so long as
the original name of Tenant hereunder remains on the Eyebrow Signage. If the name on the Eyebrow
Signage will change in connection with such Permitted Transfer, Landlord shall have the right to
approve the new name on the Eyebrow Signage, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

44. BUILDING SIGNAGE. In the event Tenant leases fifty percent (50 or more of the Building,
Tenant shall have the right of first offer to have one exclusive sign to be located on top of the
Building (the Building Signage at such time as space becomes available during the Term. In such
event, Landlord shall give written notice to Tenant of the availability of space for the Building
Signage and Tenant shall have a period of five (5) days to notify Landlord that Tenant exercises
its right of first offer for the Building Signage. The exact location of the Building Signage
shall be subject to all applicable Regulations and Landlord s prior written approval, which
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, provided that the location does not detract from the
first-class quality of the Building. Such right to Building Signage is personal to Tenant and is
subject to the following terms and conditions:

44.1 Tenant shall submit plans and drawings for the Building Signage to the City of Aliso
Viejo and to any other public authorities having jurisdiction and shall obtain written approval
from each such jurisdiction prior to installation, and shall fully comply with all applicable
Regulations.

44.2 Tenant shall, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, design, construct and install the
Building Signage.

44.3 The Building Signage shall be subject to Landlord s prior written approval, which shall
not be unreasonably withheld.

44.4 Tenant shall maintain the Building Signage in good condition and repair, and all costs of
maintenance and repair shall be borne by Tenant. Maintenance shall include, without limitation,
cleaning and, if the Building Signage is illuminated, relamping at reasonable intervals. Tenant
shall be responsible for any electrical energy used in connection with the Building Signage.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall not be liable for any fee in connection with Tenant s
right to display the Building Signage in accordance with this Lease. At Landlord s option,
Tenant s right to the Building Signage may be revoked and terminated upon occurrence of any of the
following events:

44.4.1 There is an Event of Default under this Lease.

44.4.2 Tenant occupies less than fifty percent (50 of the Building.

44.4.3 This Lease shall terminate or otherwise no longer be in effect.

44.5 Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease or at such other time that
Tenant s signage rights are terminated pursuant to the terms hereof, if Tenant fails to remove the
Building Signage and repair the Building in accordance with the terms of this Lease, Landlord shall
cause the Building Signage to be removed from the Building and the Building to be repaired and
restored to the condition which existed prior to the installation of the Building Signage
(including, if necessary, the replacement of any precast concrete panels), all at the sole cost and
expense of Tenant and otherwise in accordance with this Lease, without further notice from Landlord
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Lease. Tenant shall pay all costs and
expenses for such removal and restoration within five (5) business days following delivery of an
invoice therefor.

25 

44.6 The rights provided in this Article 44 shall be non-transferable unless otherwise agreed
by Landlord in writing in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall not
disapprove a transfer of the Building Signage in connection with a Permitted Transfer, so long as
the original name of Tenant hereunder remains on the Building Signage. If the name on the Building
Signage will change in connection with such Permitted Transfer, Landlord shall have the right to
approve the new name on the Building Signage, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

45. MONUMENT SIGNAGE. 

45.1 Provided that no Event of Default exists under the terms of this Lease, and Tenant leases
and occupies the Premises, Tenant shall have the right of first offer to place its name on the
Building s monument sign (the Monument Sign at such time as space becomes available during the
Term, which shall be at Tenant s sole cost, and subject to governmental approval. In such event,
Landlord shall give written notice to Tenant of the availability of space on the Monument Sign and
Tenant shall have a period of five (5) days to notify Landlord that Tenant desires to put its name
on the Monument Sign. The design, size and color of the signage with Tenant s name to be included
on the Monument Sign, and the manner in which it is attached to the Monument Sign, shall be subject
to the reasonable approval of Landlord and all Regulations, and Landlord shall have the right to
require that all names on the Monument Sign be of the same size and style. Tenant, at its cost,
shall be responsible for the maintenance, repair or replacement of Tenant s signage on the Monument
Sign, which shall be maintained in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Landlord. The location of
Tenant s name on the Monument Sign, shall be subject to the existing rights of existing tenants in
the Building, and the location of Tenant s name on the Monument Sign shall be further subject to
Landlord s reasonable approval. Although the Monument Sign will be maintained by Landlord, Tenant
shall pay its proportionate share of the cost of any maintenance and repair associated with the
Monument Sign. Upon expiration or earlier termination of this Lease or Tenant s right to
possession of the Premises, or if Tenant ceases to lease or occupy the Premises, Landlord, at
Tenant s cost, payable as additional rent within five (5) business days after demand therefor,
shall have the right to remove Tenant s signage from the Monument Sign and restore the Monument
Sign to the condition it was in prior to installation of Tenant s signage thereon, ordinary wear
and tear excepted.

45.2 The rights provided in this Article 45 shall be non-transferable unless otherwise agreed
by Landlord in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall not disapprove a transfer of
the Monument Signage in connection with a Permitted Transfer, so long as the original name of
Tenant hereunder remains on the Monument Signage. If the name on the Monument Signage will change
in connection with such Permitted Transfer, Landlord shall have the right to approve the new name
on the Monument Signage, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

46. LANDLORD DEFAULT. In addition to any of Tenant s rights or remedies at law but except as
expressly waived in this Lease and subject to Article 47, Landlord shall be in default under this
Lease if (i) Landlord fails to perform any of its obligations hereunder and said failure continues
for a period of 30 days after written notice thereof from Tenant to Landlord (provided that if such
failure cannot reasonably be cured within said 30 day period, Landlord shall be in default
hereunder only if Landlord fails to commence the cure of said failure within said 30 day period, or
having commenced the curative action within said 60 day period, fails to diligently pursue same)
and (ii) each mortgagee of whose identity Tenant has been notified in writing shall have failed to
cure such default within 30 days (or such longer period of time as may be specified in any written
agreement between Tenant and mortgagee regarding such matter) after receipt of written notice from
Tenant of Landlord s failure to cure within the time periods provided above. In the event of a
default by Landlord under the Lease, Tenant shall use reasonable efforts to mitigate its damages
and losses arising from any such default and Tenant may pursue any and all remedies available to it
at law or in equity, provided, however, in no event shall Tenant claim a constructive or actual
eviction or that the Premises have become unsuitable or unhabitable prior to a default and failure
to cure by Landlord and its mortgagee under this Lease and, further provided, in no event shall
Tenant be entitled to receive more than its actual direct damages, it being agreed that Tenant
hereby waives any claim it otherwise may have for special or consequential damages.

47. LIMITATION OF LANDLORD S LIABILITY. Redress for any claim against Landlord under this Lease
shall be limited to and enforceable only against and to the extent of Landlord s interest in the
Building in which the Premises is located. The obligations of Landlord under this Lease are not
intended to be and shall not be personally binding on, nor

REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

26 

shall any resort be had to the private
properties of, any of its or its investment manager s trustees, directors, officers, partners,
beneficiaries, members, stockholders, employees, or agents, and in no case shall Landlord be liable
to Tenant hereunder for any lost profits, damage to business, or any form of special, indirect or
consequential damages.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have executed this Lease as of the Lease Reference Date set
forth in the Reference Pages of this Lease.

LANDLORD: 

TENANT: 

RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF, 

AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, 

a Maryland corporation 

a California corporation 

By:

RREEF Management Company, a 
Delaware corporation, its Property Manager 

By:

By: 

Name:

Robin Iles

Name:

Eric K. Brandt 

Title:

Vice President, District Manager

Title:

President and CEO 

Dated:

, 2006

Dated:

, 2006 

By: 

Name:

Keith Katkin 

Title:

Sr. Vice President, Sales and Marketing 

Dated:

, 2006 

27 

EXHIBIT A FLOOR PLAN DEPICTING THE PREMISES 

attached to and made a part of the Lease bearing the 
Lease Reference Date of April 28, 2006 between 
RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF, a Maryland corporation, as Landlord and 
AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, a California corporation, as Tenant 

Exhibit A is intended only to show the general layout of the Premises as of the beginning of the
Term of the Lease. It does not in any way supersede any of Landlord s rights set forth in Article
17 of the Lease with respect to arrangements and/or locations of public parts of the Building and
changes in such arrangements and/or locations. It is not to be scaled; any measurements or
distances shown should be taken as approximate.

A-1

Initials 

EXHIBIT A-1 SITE PLAN 

attached to and made a part of the Lease bearing the 
Lease Reference Date of April 28, 2006 between 
RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF, a Maryland corporation, as Landlord and 
AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, a California corporation, as Tenant 

Exhibit A-1 is intended only to show the general location of the Building and/or the project of
which the Building is a part as of the beginning of the Term of the Lease. It does not in any way
supersede any of Landlord s rights set forth in Article 17 of the Lease with respect to
arrangements and/or locations of public parts of the Building and changes in such arrangements
and/or locations. It is not to be scaled; any measurements or distances shown should be taken as
approximate.

A-2

Initials 

EXHIBIT B INITIAL ALTERATIONS 

attached to and made a part of the Lease bearing the 
Lease Reference Date of April 28, 2006 between 
RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF, a Maryland corporation, as Landlord and 
AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, a California corporation, as Tenant 

1. This Exhibit B shall set forth the obligations of Landlord and Tenant with respect to
the improvements to be performed in the Initial Premises and the Additional Premises for Tenant s
use. All improvements described in this Exhibit B to be constructed in and upon the
Initial Premises by Landlord in accordance with the Initial Premises Plans (as defined below) are
hereinafter referred to as the Initial Premises Alterations and all improvements described in
this Exhibit B to be constructed in and upon the Additional Premises by Landlord in
accordance with the Additional Premises Plans (as defined below) are hereinafter referred to as the
 Additional Premises Alterations . The Initial Premises Alterations and the Additional Premises
Alterations shall sometimes be collectively referred to herein as the Initial Alterations . It is
agreed that construction of the Initial Alterations will be completed at Landlord s sole cost and
expense (subject to the Initial Premises Maximum Amount and the Additional Premises Maximum Amount
(hereinafter defined) and further subject to the terms of Section 5 below), using Building standard
methods, materials, and finishes, in a good and workmanlike manner, and in accordance with the
Initial Premises Plans and the Additional Premises Plans, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that the Initial Premises Plans (hereinafter defined)
for the Initial Premises Alterations have not yet been prepared and, therefore, it is impossible to
determine the exact cost of the Initial Premises Alterations at this time. Accordingly, Landlord
and Tenant agree that Landlord s obligation to pay for the cost of the Initial Premises Alterations
(inclusive of the hard and soft costs of the Initial Premises Alterations, including the cost of
preparing the Initial Premises Plans, obtaining permits, a construction management fee equal to
three percent (3 of the total construction costs and other related costs such as design and other
professional fees and permitting costs) shall be limited to 169,785.00 (the Initial Premises
Maximum Amount and that Tenant shall be responsible for the cost of the Initial Premises
Alterations, plus any applicable state sales or use tax, if any, to the extent that it exceeds the
Initial Premises Maximum Amount. Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that the Additional Premises
Plans (hereinafter defined) for the Additional Premises Alterations have not yet been prepared and,
therefore, it is impossible to determine the exact cost of the Additional Premises Alterations at
this time. Accordingly, Landlord and Tenant agree that Landlord s obligation to pay for the cost
of the Additional Premises Alterations (inclusive of the hard and soft costs of the Additional
Premises Alterations, including the cost of preparing the Additional Premises Plans, obtaining
permits, a construction management fee equal to three percent (3 of the total construction costs
and other related costs such as design and other professional fees and permitting costs) shall be
limited to 94,350.00 (the Additional Premises Maximum Amount and that Tenant shall be
responsible for the cost of the Additional Premises Alterations, plus any applicable state sales or
use tax, if any, to the extent that it exceeds the Additional Premises Maximum Amount. Landlord
shall obtain bids for the Initial Alterations from up to three (3) general contractors identified
by Tenant and reasonably approved by Landlord; provided that any such general contractor must at a
minimum be qualified (with good references), bonded, licensed in the state in which the Alterations
are being performed, and carry the insurance required by Landlord, all as reasonably determined by
Landlord. Landlord shall consult with Tenant upon receipt of such bids, and following such
consultation shall enter into a direct contract for the Initial Alterations with a general
contractor selected by Landlord. Landlord shall not be required to select the contractor that
presents the lowest bid. In addition, Landlord shall have the right to select and/or approve of
any subcontractors used in connection with the Initial Alterations.

2. Tenant shall be solely responsible for the timely preparation and submission to Landlord of the
final architectural, electrical and mechanical construction drawings, plans and specifications (the
 Initial Premises Plans necessary to construct the Initial Premises Alterations, which plans
shall be subject to approval by Landlord and Landlord s architect and engineers and shall comply
with their requirements to avoid aesthetic or other conflicts with the design and function of the
balance of the Building. Tenant shall be solely responsible for the timely preparation and
submission to Landlord of the final architectural, electrical and mechanical construction drawings,
plans and specifications (the Additional Premises Plans necessary to construct the Additional
Premises Alterations, which plans shall be subject to approval by Landlord and Landlord s architect
and engineers and shall comply with their requirements to avoid aesthetic or other conflicts with
the design and function of the balance of the Building. The Initial Premises Plans and the
Additional Premises Plans shall sometimes be collectively referred to herein as the Plans .
Tenant shall be responsible for all elements of the design of the Plans (including, without
limitation, compliance with law, functionality of design, the structural integrity of the design,
the configuration of the Initial Premises and the Additional Premises, as the case may be, and the
placement of Tenant s furniture, appliances and equipment), and Landlord s approval of the Plans
shall in no event relieve Tenant of the responsibility for such design. If requested by Tenant,
Landlord s architect will prepare the Plans necessary for such construction at Tenant s cost.
Whether or not the layout and Plans are prepared with the help (in whole or in part) of Landlord s
architect, Tenant agrees to remain solely responsible for the timely preparation and submission of
the Plans and

B-1

Initials 

for all elements of the design of such Plans and for all costs related thereto.
Tenant has assured itself by direct communication with the architect and engineers (Landlord s or
its own, as the case may be) that the final approved Initial Premises Plans can be delivered to
Landlord on or before May 12, 2006 (the Initial Premises Plans Due Date ), provided that Tenant
promptly furnishes complete information concerning its requirements to the architect and engineers
as and when requested by them. The final approved Additional Premises Plans shall be delivered to
Landlord on or before February 28, 2007 (the Additional Premises Plans Due Date ), provided that
Tenant promptly furnishes complete information concerning its requirements to the architect and
engineers as and when requested by them. Each of the Initial Premises Plans Due Date and the
Additional Premises Plans Due Date shall be extended by one day for each day of Landlord Delay
(defined below) in responding to Tenant s requests for approval of the Plans or revisions thereto
corresponding to the applicable Premises. Tenant covenants and agrees to cause the final, approved
Plans to be delivered to Landlord on or before the Initial Premises Plans Due Date and the
Additional Premises Plans Due Date, as applicable, and to devote such time as may be necessary in
consultation with the architect and engineers to enable them to complete and submit the Plans
within the required time limit. Time is of the essence in respect of preparation and submission of
the Plans by Tenant. If the Initial Premises Plans are not fully completed and approved by the
Initial Premises Plans Due Date, Tenant shall be responsible for one day of Tenant Delay for each
day during the period beginning on the day following the Initial Premises Plans Due Date and ending
on the date completed Initial Premises Plans are approved. If the Additional Premises Plans are
not fully completed and approved by the Additional Premises Plans Due Date, Tenant shall be
responsible for one day of Tenant Delay for each day during the period beginning on the day
following the Additional Premises Plans Due Date and ending on the date completed Additional
Premises Plans are approved. (The word architect as used in this Exhibit B shall include
an interior designer or space planner.) Landlord shall respond to any Tenant request for approval
of its Plans or any revisions thereto within three (3) business days following receipt thereof, and
each day beyond such three (3) business day period in which Landlord fails to respond shall be
considered one (1) day of Landlord Delay for purposes of this Exhibit B .

3. If Landlord s estimate and/or the actual cost of the Initial Premises Alterations shall exceed
the Initial Premises Maximum Amount, Landlord, prior to commencing any construction of the Initial
Premises Alterations, shall submit to Tenant a written estimate setting forth the anticipated cost
of the Initial Premises Alterations, including but not limited to labor and materials, contractor s
fees and permit fees. Within three (3) business days thereafter, Tenant shall either notify
Landlord in writing of its approval of the cost estimate, or specify its objections thereto and any
desired changes to the proposed Initial Premises Alterations. If Landlord s estimate and/or the
actual cost of the Additional Premises Alterations shall exceed the Additional Premises Maximum
Amount, Landlord, prior to commencing any construction of the Additional Premises Alterations,
shall submit to Tenant a written estimate setting forth the anticipated cost of the Additional
Premises Alterations, including but not limited to labor and materials, contractor s fees and
permit fees. Within three (3) business days thereafter, Tenant shall either notify Landlord in
writing of its approval of the cost estimate, or specify its objections thereto and any desired
changes to the proposed Additional Premises Alterations. If Tenant notifies Landlord of such
objections and desired changes with respect to either the Initial Premises Alterations or the
Additional Premises Alterations, Tenant shall work with Landlord to reach a mutually acceptable
alternative cost estimate and such period shall not be considered a Tenant Delay with respect to
the applicable Initial Alterations; provided that if Landlord and Tenant are unable to agree on an
alternative cost estimate within three (3) days after Tenant s notification, then Landlord may
either (a) proceed with construction of the applicable Initial Alterations using Landlord s cost
estimate, including any revisions to which Landlord and Tenant have agreed as of that date, or (b)
if Tenant so requests in writing, Landlord may elect to continue to work with Tenant to further
revise the cost estimate or applicable Initial Alterations, in which event any delay in completion
of the applicable Initial Alterations beyond the 3-day period above shall be a Tenant Delay.

4. If Landlord s estimate and/or the actual cost of construction shall exceed the Initial Premises
Maximum Amount (such amounts exceeding the Initial Premises Maximum Amount being herein referred to
as the Initial Premises Excess Costs ), Tenant shall pay to Landlord such Initial Premises Excess
Costs, plus any applicable state sales or use tax thereon, upon demand. If Landlord s estimate
and/or the actual cost of construction shall exceed the Additional Premises Maximum Amount (such
amounts exceeding the Additional Premises Maximum Amount being herein referred to as the
 Additional Premises Excess Costs ), Tenant shall pay to Landlord such Additional Premises Excess
Costs, plus any applicable state sales or use tax thereon, upon demand. The statements of costs
submitted to Landlord by Landlord s contractors shall be conclusive for purposes of determining the
actual cost of the items described therein. The amounts payable by Tenant hereunder constitute
rent payable pursuant to the Lease, and the failure to timely pay same constitutes an Event of
Default under the Lease.

5. If Tenant shall request any change, addition or alteration in any of the Plans after approval by
Landlord, Landlord shall have such revisions to the drawings prepared as soon as practicable, and
Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for the cost thereof, plus any applicable state sales or use tax
thereon, upon demand to the extent that the cost of performing such revisions cause the cost of the
Initial Premises Alterations to exceed the Initial Premises Maximum Amount or the cost of
performing such revisions cause the cost of the Additional Premises Alterations to exceed the
Additional Premises Maximum

B-2

Initials 

Amount. Promptly upon completion of the revisions, Landlord shall
notify Tenant in writing of the increased cost, if any, which will be chargeable to Tenant by
reason of such change, addition or deletion. Tenant, within one business day, shall notify
Landlord in writing whether it desires to proceed with such change, addition or deletion. In the
absence of such written authorization, Landlord shall have the option to continue work on the
Initial Premises or the Additional Premises, as applicable, disregarding the requested change,
addition or alteration, or Landlord may elect to discontinue work on the Initial Premises or the
Additional Premises until it receives notice of Tenant s decision, in which event Tenant shall be
responsible for any Tenant Delay in completion of the Initial Premises or the Additional Premises
resulting therefrom. If such revisions result in a higher estimate of the cost of construction
and/or higher actual construction costs which exceed the Initial Premises Maximum Amount, such
increased estimate or costs shall be deemed Initial Premises Excess Costs pursuant to Section 4
hereof and Tenant shall pay such Initial Premises Excess Costs, plus any applicable state sales or
use tax thereon, upon demand. If such revisions result in a higher estimate of the cost of
construction and/or higher actual construction costs which exceed the Additional Premises Maximum
Amount, such increased estimate or costs shall be deemed Additional Premises Excess Costs pursuant
to Section 4 hereof and Tenant shall pay such Additional Premises Excess Costs, plus any applicable
state sales or use tax thereon, upon demand.

6. Following approval of the Initial Premises Plans and the payment by Tenant of the required
portion of the Initial Premises Excess Costs, if any, Landlord shall cause the Initial Premises
Alterations to be constructed substantially in accordance with the approved Initial Premises Plans.
Landlord shall notify Tenant of substantial completion of the Initial Premises Alterations.
Following approval of the Additional Premises Plans and the payment by Tenant of the required
portion of the Additional Premises Excess Costs, if any, Landlord shall cause the Additional
Premises Alterations to be constructed substantially in accordance with the approved Additional
Premises Plans. Landlord shall notify Tenant of substantial completion of the Additional Premises
Alterations.

7. Any portion of the Initial Premises Maximum Amount which exceeds the cost of the Initial
Premises Alterations or is otherwise remaining after September 30, 2006 may be added to the
Additional Premises Maximum Amount. Any portion of the Additional Premises Maximum Amount
(including any addition thereto carried over from the Initial Premises Maximum Amount) which
exceeds the cost of the Additional Premises Alterations or is otherwise remaining after September
30, 2007, shall accrue to the sole benefit of Landlord, it being agreed that Tenant shall not be
entitled to any credit, offset, abatement or payment with respect thereto.

8. This Exhibit B shall not be deemed applicable to any additional space added to the
Premises at any time or from time to time, whether by any options under the Lease or otherwise, or
to any portion of the original Premises or any additions to the Premises in the event of a renewal
or extension of the original Term of the Lease, whether by any options under the Lease or
otherwise, unless expressly so provided in the Lease or any amendment or supplement to the Lease.

REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

B-3

Initials 

EXHIBIT C INITIAL PREMISES COMMENCEMENT DATE MEMORANDUM 

attached to and made a part of the Lease bearing the 
Lease Reference Date of April 28, 2006 between 
RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF, a Maryland corporation, as Landlord and 
AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, a California corporation, as Tenant 

INITIAL PREMISES COMMENCEMENT DATE MEMORANDUM 

THIS MEMORANDUM, made as of , 20 , by and between RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF, a
Maryland corporation Landlord and AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, a California corporation Tenant ).

Recitals :

A. 
 
 Landlord and Tenant are parties to that certain Lease, dated for reference
April 28, 2006 (the Lease for certain premises (the Premises consisting of
approximately 11,319 square feet for the Initial Premises and approximately 6,290
square feet for the Additional Premises, for a total of approximately 17,609 rentable
square feet at the building commonly known as 101 Enterprise, Aliso Viejo, California. 

B. 
 
 Tenant is in possession of the Initial Premises and the Term of the Lease has
commenced. 

C. 
 
 Landlord and Tenant desire to enter into this Memorandum confirming the Initial Premises
Commencement Date and the Termination Date and other matters under the Lease. 

NOW, THEREFORE, Landlord and Tenant agree as follows:

1. 
 
 The Initial Premises Commencement Date is . 

2. 
 
 The actual Termination Date is . 

3. 
 
 The schedule of the Annual Rent and the Monthly Installment of Rent set forth
on the Reference Pages for the Initial Premises is deleted in its entirety, and the
following is substituted therefor: 

insert rent schedule 

4. 
 
 Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the same meaning as set forth in the
Lease. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the
date and year first above written.

LANDLORD: 

TENANT: 

RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF, 

AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, 

a Maryland corporation 

a California corporation 

By:

RREEF Management Company, a 

Delaware corporation, its Property Manager 

By:

By: 

Name:

DO NOT SIGN

Name:

DO NOT SIGN 

Title:

Title: 

Dated:

Dated: 

C-1

Initials 

EXHIBIT C-1 ADDITIONAL PREMISES COMMENCEMENT DATE MEMORANDUM 

attached to and made a part of the Lease bearing the 
Lease Reference Date of April 28, 2006 between 
RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF, a Maryland corporation, as Landlord and 
AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, a California corporation, as Tenant 

ADDITIONAL PREMISES COMMENCEMENT DATE MEMORANDUM 

THIS MEMORANDUM, made as of , 20 , by and between RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF, a
Maryland corporation Landlord and AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, a California corporation Tenant ).

Recitals :

A. 
 
 Landlord and Tenant are parties to that certain Lease, dated for reference
April 28, 2006 (the Lease for certain premises (the Premises consisting of
approximately 11,319 square feet for the Initial Premises and approximately 6,290
square feet for the Additional Premises, for a total of approximately 17,609 rentable
square feet at the building commonly known as 101 Enterprise, Aliso Viejo, California. 

B. 
 
 Tenant is in possession of the Premises and the Term of the Lease has commenced. 

C. 
 
 Landlord and Tenant desire to enter into this Memorandum confirming the
Additional Premises Commencement Date and the Termination Date and other matters under
the Lease. 

NOW, THEREFORE, Landlord and Tenant agree as follows:

1. 
 
 The Additional Premises Commencement Date is . 

2. 
 
 The actual Termination Date is . 

3. 
 
 The schedule of the Annual Rent and the Monthly Installment of Rent set forth
on the Reference Pages for the Premises is deleted in its entirety, and the following
is substituted therefor: 

insert rent schedule 

4. 
 
 Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the same meaning as set forth in the
Lease. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the
date and year first above written.

LANDLORD: 

TENANT: 

RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF, 

AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, 

a Maryland corporation 

a California corporation 

By:

RREEF Management Company, a 

Delaware corporation, its Property Manager 

By:

By: 

Name:

DO NOT SIGN

Name:

DO NOT SIGN 

Title:

Title: 

Dated:

Dated: 

C-2

Initials 

EXHIBIT D RULES AND REGULATIONS 

attached to and made a part of the Lease bearing the 
Lease Reference Date of April 28, 2006 between 
RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF, a Maryland corporation, as Landlord and 
AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, a California corporation, as Tenant 

1. No sign, placard, picture, advertisement, name or notice shall be installed or displayed on any
part of the outside or inside of the Building without the prior written consent of the Landlord.
Landlord shall have the right to remove, at Tenant s expense and without notice, any sign installed
or displayed in violation of this rule. All approved signs or lettering on doors and walls shall
be printed, painted, affixed or inscribed at Tenant s expense by a vendor designated or approved by
Landlord. In addition, Landlord reserves the right to change from time to time the format of the
signs or lettering and to require previously approved signs or lettering to be appropriately
altered.

2. If Landlord objects in writing to any curtains, blinds, shades or screens attached to or hung in
or used in connection with any window or door of the Premises, Tenant shall immediately discontinue
such use. No awning shall be permitted on any part of the Premises. Tenant shall not place
anything or allow anything to be placed against or near any glass partitions or doors or windows
which may appear unsightly, in the opinion of Landlord, from outside the Premises.

3. Tenant shall not obstruct any sidewalks, halls, passages, exits, entrances, elevators, or
stairways of the Building. No tenant and no employee or invitee of any tenant shall go upon the
roof of the Building.

4. Any directory of the Building, if provided, will be exclusively for the display of the name and
location of tenants only and Landlord reserves the right to exclude any other names. Landlord
reserves the right to charge for Tenant s directory listing.

5. All cleaning and janitorial services for the Building and the Premises shall be provided
exclusively through Landlord. Tenant shall not cause any unnecessary labor by carelessness or
indifference to the good order and cleanliness of the Premises. Landlord shall not in any way be
responsible to any Tenant for any loss of property on the Premises, however occurring, or for any
damage to any Tenant s property by the janitor or any other employee or any other person.

6. The toilet rooms, toilets, urinals, wash bowls and other apparatus shall not be used for any
purpose other than that for which they were constructed. No foreign substance of any kind
whatsoever shall be thrown into any of them, and the expense of any breakage, stoppage or damage
resulting from the violation of this rule shall be borne by the Tenant who, or whose employees or
invitees, shall have caused it.

7. Tenant shall store all its trash and garbage within its Premises. Tenant shall not place in any
trash box or receptacle any material which cannot be disposed of in the ordinary and customary
manner of trash and garbage disposal. All garbage and refuse disposal shall be made in accordance
with directions issued from time to time by Landlord. Tenant will comply with any and all recycling
procedures designated by Landlord.

8. Landlord will furnish Tenant ten (10) keys free of charge to each door in the Premises that has
a passage way lock. Landlord may charge Tenant a reasonable amount for any additional keys, and
Tenant shall not make or have made additional keys on its own. Tenant shall not alter any lock or
install a new or additional lock or bolt on any door of its Premises. Tenant, upon the termination
of its tenancy, shall deliver to Landlord the keys of all doors which have been furnished to
Tenant, and in the event of loss of any keys so furnished, shall pay Landlord therefor.

9. If Tenant requires telephone, data, burglar alarm or similar service, the cost of purchasing,
installing and maintaining such service shall be borne solely by Tenant. No boring or cutting for
wires will be allowed without the prior written consent of Landlord.

10. No equipment, materials, furniture, packages, bulk supplies, merchandise or other property will
be received in the Building or carried in the elevators except between such hours and in such
elevators as may be designated by Landlord. The persons employed to move such equipment or
materials in or out of the Building must be acceptable to Landlord.

11. Tenant shall not place a load upon any floor which exceeds the load per square foot which such
floor was designed to carry and which is allowed by law. Heavy objects shall stand on such
platforms as determined by Landlord to be necessary to properly distribute the weight. Business
machines and mechanical equipment belonging to Tenant which cause noise or vibration that may be
transmitted to the structure of the Building or to any space in the Building to such a degree as

D-1

Initials 

to
be objectionable to Landlord or to any tenants shall be placed and maintained by Tenant, at
Tenant s expense, on vibration eliminators or other devices sufficient to eliminate the noise or
vibration. Landlord will not be responsible for loss of or damage to any such equipment or other
property from any cause, and all damage done to the Building by maintaining or moving such
equipment or other property shall be repaired at the expense of Tenant.

12. Landlord shall in all cases retain the right to control and prevent access to the Building of
all persons whose presence in the reasonable judgment of Landlord would be prejudicial to the
safety, character, reputation or interests of the Building and its tenants, provided that nothing
contained in this rule shall be construed to prevent such access to persons with whom any tenant
normally deals in the ordinary course of its business, unless such persons are engaged in illegal
activities. Landlord reserves the right to exclude from the Building between the hours of 6 p.m.
and 7 a.m. the following day, or such other hours as may be established from time to time by
Landlord, and on Sundays and legal holidays, any person unless that person is known to the person
or employee in charge of the Building or has a pass and is properly identified. Tenant shall be
responsible for all persons for whom it requests passes and shall be liable to Landlord for all
acts of such persons. Landlord shall not be liable for damages for any error with regard to the
admission to or exclusion from the Building of any person.

13. Tenant shall not use any method of heating or air conditioning other than that supplied or
approved in writing by Landlord.

14. Tenant shall not waste electricity, water or air conditioning. Tenant shall close and lock the
doors of its Premises and entirely shut off all water faucets or other water apparatus and
electricity, gas or air outlets before Tenant and its employees leave the Premises. Tenant shall
be responsible for any damage or injuries sustained by other tenants or occupants of the Building
or by Landlord for noncompliance with this rule.

15. Tenant shall not install any radio or television antenna, satellite dish, loudspeaker or other
device on the roof or exterior walls of the Building without Landlord s prior written consent,
which consent may be withheld in Landlord s sole discretion, and which consent may in any event be
conditioned upon Tenant s execution of Landlord s standard form of license agreement. Tenant shall
be responsible for any interference caused by such installation.

16. Tenant shall not mark, drive nails, screw or drill into the partitions, woodwork, plaster, or
drywall (except for pictures, tackboards and similar office uses) or in any way deface the
Premises. Tenant shall not cut or bore holes for wires. Tenant shall not affix any floor covering
to the floor of the Premises in any manner except as approved by Landlord. Tenant shall repair any
damage resulting from noncompliance with this rule.

17. Tenant shall not install, maintain or operate upon the Premises any vending machine without
Landlord s prior written consent, except that Tenant may install food and drink vending machines
solely for the convenience of its employees.

18. No cooking shall be done or permitted by any tenant on the Premises, except that Underwriters 
Laboratory approved microwave ovens or equipment for brewing coffee, tea, hot chocolate and similar
beverages shall be permitted provided that such equipment and use is in accordance with all
applicable Regulations.

19. Tenant shall not use in any space or in the public halls of the Building any hand trucks except
those equipped with the rubber tires and side guards or such other material-handling equipment as
Landlord may approve. Tenant shall not bring any other vehicles of any kind into the Building.

20. Tenant shall not permit any motor vehicles to be washed or mechanical work or maintenance of
motor vehicles to be performed in any parking lot.

21. Tenant shall not use the name of the Building or any photograph or likeness of the Building in
connection with or in promoting or advertising Tenant s business, except that Tenant may include
the Building name in Tenant s address and provided that Tenant may use images of the Building on
its website with Landlord s prior approval. Landlord shall have the right, exercisable without
notice and without liability to any tenant, to change the name and address of the Building.

22. Tenant requests for services must be submitted to the Building office by an authorized
individual. Employees of Landlord shall not perform any work or do anything outside of their
regular duties unless under special instruction from Landlord, and no employee of Landlord will
admit any person (Tenant or otherwise) to any office without specific instructions from Landlord.

23. Tenant shall not permit smoking or carrying of lighted cigarettes or cigars other than in areas
designated by Landlord as smoking areas.

D-2

Initials 

24. Canvassing, soliciting, distribution of handbills or any other written material in the Building
is prohibited and each tenant shall cooperate to prevent the same. No tenant shall solicit
business from other tenants or permit the sale of any good or merchandise in the Building without
the written consent of Landlord.

25. Tenant shall not permit any animals other than service animals, e.g. seeing-eye dogs, to be
brought or kept in or about the Premises or any common area of the Building.

26. These Rules and Regulations are in addition to, and shall not be construed to in any way modify
or amend, in whole or in part, the terms, covenants, agreements and conditions of any lease of any
premises in the Building. Landlord may waive any one or more of these Rules and Regulations for the
benefit of any particular tenant or tenants, but no such waiver by Landlord shall be construed as a
waiver of such Rules and Regulations in favor of any other tenant or tenants, nor prevent Landlord
from thereafter enforcing any such Rules and Regulations against any or all of the tenants of the
Building.

27. Landlord reserves the right to make such other and reasonable rules and regulations as in its
judgment may from time to time be needed for safety and security, for care and cleanliness of the
Building, and for the preservation of good order in and about the Building. Tenant agrees to abide
by all such rules and regulations herein stated and any additional rules and regulations which are
adopted. Tenant shall be responsible for the observance of all of the foregoing rules by Tenant s
employees, agents, clients, customers, invitees and guests.

REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

D-3

Initials 

EXHIBIT E EARLY POSSESSION AGREEMENT 

attached to and made a part of the Lease bearing the 
Lease Reference Date of April 28, 2006 between 
RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF, a Maryland corporation, as Landlord and 
AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, a California corporation, as Tenant 

EARLY POSSESSION AGREEMENT 

Reference is made to that Lease dated April 28, 2006, between RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF,
a Maryland corporation Landlord and AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, a California corporation Tenant ), for the premises located in the City of Aliso Viejo, County of Orange, State of
California, commonly known as 101 Enterprise.

It is hereby agreed that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Lease,
Tenant may occupy the Premises on . The first
Monthly Installment of Rent is due on .

Landlord and Tenant agree that all the terms and conditions of the above referenced Lease are
in full force and effect as of the date of Tenant s possession of the Premises other than the
payment of Rent.

LANDLORD: 

TENANT: 

RREEF AMERICA REIT II CORP. FFF, 

AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, 

a Maryland corporation 

a California corporation 

By:

RREEF Management Company, a 

Delaware corporation, its Property Manager 

By:

By: 

Name:

DO NOT SIGN

Name:

DO NOT SIGN 

Title:

Title: 

Dated:

Dated: 

E-1

Initials 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.9>
 3
 a25225exv10w9.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.9

Exhibit 10.9 

EXHIBIT 10.9 

SUBLEASE AGREEMENT 

between 

AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS 
as Sublandlord 

and 

SIRION THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
as Subtenant 

Building Address:

11408 Sorrento Valley Road 

San Diego, California 92121 

SUBLEASE AGREEMENT 

THIS SUBLEASE AGREEMENT Sublease is made as of this 5 th day of
September, 2006 (the Effective Date ), by and between AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, a California
corporation Sublandlord and SIRION THERAPEUTICS, INC., a North Carolina corporation Subtenant ), with Sublandlord and Subtenant hereinafter sometimes referred to
collectively as the Parties and individually as a Party ).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Sorrento Plaza, a California limited partnership Master Landlord and
Sublandlord, are parties to a certain Standard Industrial Net Lease, dated as of May 20, 2002, as
amended on August 1, 2002 and April 2, 2003 (the Master Lease ), a copy of which is
attached hereto as Exhibit A ;

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Master Lease, Master Landlord has leased to Sublandlord,
a portion of the premises (the Master Lease Premises which are part of an office
industrial center located at 11404 and 11408 Sorrento Valley Road, San Diego, California 92121 (the
 Center ). (Initially capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Sublease shall have
the meanings attributed to such terms in the Master Lease, and unless otherwise expressly provided
herein, all references in this Sublease to Section shall refer to the respective Section of the
Master Lease and all references to Paragraph in this Sublease shall refer to the respective
 Paragraph of this Sublease.);

WHEREAS, Sublandlord now desires to sublease to Subtenant and Subtenant now desires to
sublease from Sublandlord the Sublease Premises (as defined below), on the terms, covenants and
conditions hereinafter provided.

NOW, THEREFORE, Sublandlord and Subtenant covenant and agree as follows:

1. Summary and Definitions : The following definitions apply in this Sublease:

(a) Base Rent : Base Rent shall be as follows:

Period During 

Sublease Term 
 
 Monthly Base Rent 
 
 Annual Base Rent 

Sublease Commencement Date through
and including the day immediately
preceding the first anniversary of
the Sublease Commencement Date

21,150.00 

253,800.00 

First anniversary of Sublease
Commencement Date through and
including the day immediately
preceding the second anniversary
of the Sublease Commencement Date

21,784.50 

261,414.00 

Second anniversary of Sublease
Commencement Date through and
including the day immediately
preceding the third anniversary of
the Sublease Commencement Date

22,438.00 

269,256.42 

(b) Security Deposit : 84,600.00.

(c) Sublease Premises : A portion of the Master Lease Premises constituting
approximately nine thousand (9,000) rentable square feet at 11408 Sorrento Valley Road, San
Diego, California 92121 (the Building ), as depicted on Exhibit B attached
hereto.

(d) Term :

(i) The term of this Sublease Sublease Term shall commence on the date
upon which Sublandlord shall have obtained the consent of Master Landlord to this
sublease in form acceptable to Sublandlord and shall have delivered possession of
the Sublease Premises to Subtenant Sublease Commencement Date ). The
Sublease Term shall expire on the third anniversary of the Sublease Commencement
Date, or such earlier date on which this Sublease may be terminated in accordance
with the provisions hereof or the provisions of the Master Lease Sublease
Expiration Date ), in which case Sublandlord shall promptly provide Subtenant
with prior written notice of such termination. In no event shall Subtenant conduct
Subtenant s business operations from the Sublease Premises prior to the Sublease
Commencement Date. Subtenant shall have the right to enter the Sublease Premises
upon execution of the Sublease for any purposes other than to conduct its business
operations, including but not limited to monitoring construction, installing
furniture, networks, telecommunication equipment and fiber and any other personal
property, provided, however that any waiver and indemnity provisions as described in
 Paragraph 15 shall be binding on Subtenant as soon as Subtenant enters the
Sublease Premises for the purposes listed above and any other permissible purposes.

2 

(ii) Provided that Subtenant shall not be default of any obligation under this
Sublease, beyond all applicable notice and cure periods, either on the date that it
is required to give notice or on the effective date of such extension period,
Subtenant shall have an option to extend the term of the Sublease to expire on
January 14, 2013 which is the Master Lease Expiration Date. If such option is
exercised, Base Rent will be increased to the greater on one hundred and five
percent (105 of the last month s Base Rent, or the then current market rate for
like product in Sorrento Valley, as mutually determined in good faith by Sublandlord
and Subtenant. If Subtenant elects to extend the term of the Sublease, it shall
provide written notice to Sublandlord no less than one hundred eighty (180) days
prior to the Sublease Expiration Date.

2. Sublease .

Sublandlord hereby subleases to Subtenant, and Subtenant hereby subleases from Sublandlord,
the Sublease Premises, together with all appurtenances thereto as provided in the Master Lease, for
the Sublease Term and on the terms and conditions contained in this Sublease. Subtenant s sublease
of the Sublease Premises is subject to the terms and conditions of the Master Lease as provided
further in this Sublease.

3. Condition of Sublease Premises .

(a) In entering into this Sublease, Subtenant acknowledges that, except as expressly set
forth in this Sublease, Subtenant has not relied upon or been induced by any statements or
representations of Sublandlord or any other parties or persons with respect to the physical
condition of the Sublease Premises or with respect to any other matter affecting the
Sublease Premises, that might be pertinent in considering the leasing of the Sublease
Premises or the execution of this Sublease. Subtenant has, on the contrary, relied solely
on such investigations, examinations and inspections as Subtenant has chosen to make or have
made on its behalf. Upon taking possession of the Sublease Premises, Subtenant shall be
deemed to have accepted the Sublease Premises in its then as-is where-is condition.

(b) By taking possession of the Sublease Premises, Subtenant shall conclusively evidence
that the Sublease Premises are fully completed and are suitable for Subtenant s purposes,
that the Building and the Sublease Premises are in good and satisfactory condition, and that
Subtenant waives any defect therein.

4. Base Rent .

During the Sublease Term Subtenant shall pay Sublandlord, as rent for the Sublease Premises,
the Base Rent, without set-off or deduction whatsoever, except as otherwise provided herein. Base
Rent shall be due and payable by Subtenant in

3 

immediately available funds, in advance on or before the first day of each calendar month
without notice or demand.

5. Additional Rent .

In addition to the Base Rent under Paragraph 4 above, any and all other charges,
expenses or other sums Subtenant is required to pay under the terms of this Sublease shall be
deemed additional rent Additional Rent , and together with Base Rent, Subtenant s
Rent ). Sublandlord shall have the same rights and remedies with respect to payment of
Additional Rent as Sublandlord shall have with respect to the Base Rent. Subtenant shall remain
responsible for Subtenant s Rent and any other charges, expenses or other sums which first arise,
accrue or are invoiced at any time during or after the expiration of the Sublease Term, whether by
Sublandlord or Master Landlord, to the extent they arise or accrue with respect to any period
during the Sublease Term from any liabilities or obligations of Subtenant under the provisions of
this Sublease (including any obligations under the Master Lease which are incorporated herein as
liabilities or obligations of Subtenant).

6. Rent Payments .

(a) Subtenant s Rent and all other charges, expenses or other sums Subtenant is required to
pay to Sublandlord hereunder shall be due and payable without billing or demand, and without
deduction, set-off or counterclaim, except as otherwise provided herein, in lawful money of
the United States of America, at Sublandlord s address for notices in Paragraph 17 
hereof or to such other person or at such other place as Sublandlord may from time to time
designate in writing, and shall be due and payable by Subtenant to Sublandlord on or before
the date specified in this Sublease, provided that if no date is specified as to the
applicable payment, then on or before (i) three (3) business days prior to the corresponding
date provided in the Master Lease for payment of the same by Sublandlord to Master Landlord
(provided that in no event shall such period be shortened to a duration of less than two (2)
business days) or (ii) if there is no corresponding date provided in the Master Lease for
payment of the same by Sublandlord to Master Landlord, then ten (10) business days after
written request from Sublandlord to Subtenant. The failure of Subtenant to make payment in
full of Subtenant s Rent or any other charges, expenses or other sums Subtenant is required
to pay to Sublandlord hereunder by the due date provided herein for such payment, shall
potentially subject Subtenant to the obligation to pay to Sublandlord (y) interest in
accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 20 and (z) a late charge in accordance
with the provisions of Paragraph 7 .

(b) If the Sublease Term commences on a day other than the first day of a calendar month or
ends on a day other than the last day of a calendar month, then

4 

Subtenant s Rent for the first and last fractional months of the Sublease Term shall be
appropriately prorated.

(c) Sublandlord may upon reasonable prior written notice from time to time (which notice
shall include Master Landlord s address and Master Landlord s acknowledgement of such
notice) instruct Subtenant to make any payment of Subtenant s Rent directly to Master
Landlord, in which event Subtenant shall timely make all such payments so instructed
directly to Master Landlord (with a copy of the check to be contemporaneously forwarded by
Subtenant to Sublandlord at the time of making of each such payment), and in such event
Sublandlord shall have no responsibility to Subtenant for the payment of any such amount,
and Subtenant shall be solely responsible for any interest or late charges that may be
imposed as a result of any failure of Subtenant to have timely and properly made any such
payment to Master Landlord. Any payment made directly by Subtenant to Master Landlord at
the request of Sublandlord shall be credited against any of Subtenant s Rent due under this
Sublease as and when received by Master Landlord.

7. Late Charges .

SUBTENANT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT LATE PAYMENT BY SUBTENANT TO SUBLANDLORD OF ALL OR ANY PORTION OF
SUBTENANT S RENT AND OTHER CHARGES, EXPENSES OR OTHER SUMS PROVIDED FOR UNDER THIS SUBLEASE WILL
CAUSE SUBLANDLORD TO INCUR COSTS NOT CONTEMPLATED BY THIS SUBLEASE, THE EXACT AMOUNT OF SUCH COSTS
BEING EXTREMELY DIFFICULT OR IMPRACTICABLE TO FIX. THEREFORE, IF ALL OR ANY PORTION OF ANY
INSTALLMENT OF SUBTENANT S RENT OR ANY OTHER CHARGES, EXPENSES OR OTHER SUMS DUE FROM SUBTENANT IS
NOT RECEIVED BY SUBLANDLORD WITHIN FIVE (5) DAYS OF THE DATE DUE, SUBTENANT SHALL PAY TO
SUBLANDLORD AN ADDITIONAL SUM EQUAL TO FIVE PERCENT (5 OF THE AMOUNT OVERDUE AS A LATE CHARGE.
THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THIS LATE CHARGE REPRESENTS A FAIR AND REASONABLE ESTIMATE OF THE COSTS THAT
SUBLANDLORD WILL INCUR BY REASON OF THE LATE PAYMENT BY SUBTENANT. SUCH LATE CHARGE SHALL BE
DEEMED ADDITIONAL RENT FOR ALL PURPOSES UNDER THIS SUBLEASE AND SHALL BE IN ADDITION TO, AND NOT IN
LIEU OF, ANY INTEREST THAT MAY ACCRUE ON ANY SUCH OVERDUE AMOUNT PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THIS
SUBLEASE.

8. Use .

Subtenant shall use and occupy the Sublease Premises only for the purposes permitted under,
and in a manner consistent with, the provisions of the Master Lease.

5 

Subtenant will pay for any damage to any part of the Sublease Premises, Building or Center,
subject to any applicable waiver of subrogation provision, if (i) caused by any act or omission by
Subtenant or Subtenant s employees, agents, licensees, contractors or invitees and (ii) Sublandlord
would be required to pay for such damage under the Master Lease. Subtenant will comply with
applicable provisions of the Master Lease and the Center s Rules and Regulations and will not cause
anywhere in the Center, Building or permit in the Sublease Premises, (i) any activity or thing
contrary to applicable law, ordinance, regulation, restrictive covenant, or insurance regulation;
or which is in any way immoral or extra hazardous or could jeopardize the coverage of normal
insurance policies or increase their cost; (ii) waste or nuisance, or any activity causing odors
perceptible outside the Sublease Premises; or (iii) overloading the floors or the structural or
mechanical systems of the Building. Subtenant shall not erect or place any item in or upon the
areas outside the Sublease Premises, except as expressly provided in this Sublease. Subtenant
shall not erect or place any item (including, without limitation, signs) in, upon or visible from
the exterior of the Building without the consent of Master Landlord and Sublandlord, except as
expressly provided in this Sublease. Subtenant shall at Subtenant s sole cost and expense
faithfully observe and promptly comply with all local, state and federal laws, statutes, ordinances
and governmental resolutions, orders, rules, regulations and requirements now in force or which may
hereafter be in force with respect to Subtenant s use, occupancy or possession of the Sublease
Premises and Subtenant s business conducted in the Sublease Premises and with the requirements of
any board of fire underwriters or other similar body now or hereafter constituted relating to or
affecting the condition, use or occupancy of the Sublease Premises. Subtenant shall also comply
with any covenant, condition or restriction affecting the Building. Subtenant s obligations under
this Paragraph 8 will survive the termination of this Sublease.

9. Contract Vivarium Services .

Sublandlord and Subtenant shall enter into a contract for Sublandlord to provide vivarium
space and services to Subtenant which shall be memorialized in a separate agreement.

10. Operating Costs/Real Estate Taxes/Utilities .

(a) Commencing on the Sublease Commencement Date, Subtenant shall pay its pro rata share of
Operating Costs (as defined in the Master Lease) for the Building and Center incurred by
Sublandlord under the Master Lease. Subtenant s pro rata share of Operating Costs is thirty
percent (30 of the Operating Costs incurred by Sublandlord under the Master Lease, which
represents the ratio of the Rentable Square Footage of the Sublease Premises to the Rentable
Square Footage of the Master Lease Premises Subtenant s Pro Rata Share ).
Subtenant s pro rata share shall be computed by Sublandlord on a monthly or other periodic
basis

6 

selected by Sublandlord. Subtenant s shall pay the amount of such pro rata share within ten
(10) business days after receipt of a statement from Sublandlord.

(b) Subtenant s share of real property taxes, insurance costs and other components of
additional rent shall be computed on the same basis as Subtenant s pro rata share of
Operating Costs.

(c) To the extent not separately metered or monitored with respect to the Sublease Premises,
Sublandlord shall provide the following utilities to the Sublease Premises, including but
not limited to, electricity, water, HVAC, emergency generator, deionized water and
janitorial services (the Utilities ). Subtenant shall be responsible for its pro
rata share of Sublandlord s cost of Utilities. Subtenant s pro rata share shall be computed
on the same basis as Subtenant s pro rata share of Operating Costs, except for janitorial
services whereby Subtenant s pro rata share shall be sixteen (16 of the costs incurred by
Sublandlord, which represents the ratio of Rentable Square Footage of the Sublease Premises
to the Rentable Square Footage of the total area leased by Sublandlord within the Center
(57,000 square feet). Sublandlord shall in no way be liable or responsible for any loss,
damage or expense the Subtenant may sustain or incur by reason of any change, failure,
interruption, interference or defect in the supply or character of the electricity or other
utilities supplied to the Sublease Premises. Sublandlord makes no representation or
warranty as the suitability of the utility service for Subtenant s requirements, and no such
change, failure, defect, unavailability or unsuitability shall constitute any actual or
constructive eviction, in whole or in part, or entitle Subtenant to any abatement or
diminution of rent, or relieve Subtenant of any of its obligations under this Sublease.
Sublandlord shall not be liable in damages or otherwise for any failure or interruption of
any utility service, and no such failure or interruption shall entitle Subtenant to
terminate this Sublease or abate the rent due hereunder.

(d) Sublandlord shall provide security services, access control and process alarms Security Services and Subtenant shall be responsible for its pro rata share of
Security Services. Subtenant s pro rata share for such Security Services shall be computed
on the same basis as Subtenant s pro rata share of janitorial services, but in no event will
Subtenant s payment for such services be less than 750 per month. Sublandlord shall in no
way be liable or responsible for any loss, damage or expense the Subtenant may sustain or
incur by reason of any change, failure, interruption, interference or defect in the supply
or character of the Security Services supplied to the Sublease Premises. Sublandlord makes
no representation or warranty as the suitability of the Security Services for Subtenant s
requirements, and no such change, failure, defect, unavailability or unsuitability shall
constitute any actual or constructive eviction, in whole or in part, or entitle Subtenant to
any abatement or diminution of rent, or relieve Subtenant of any of

7 

its obligations under this Sublease. Sublandlord shall not be liable in damages or
otherwise for any failure or interruption of any of the Security Services, and no such
failure or interruption shall entitle Subtenant to terminate this Sublease or abate the
rent due hereunder.

(e) Subtenant shall have the right to opt out of the use of janitorial services and Security
Services provided by Sublandlord upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Sublandlord.

11. Subordination .

Sublandlord and Subtenant confirm and agree that this Sublease is subject and subordinate to
all of the terms, covenants and conditions of the Master Lease and to the matters to which the
Master Lease shall be subordinate. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event
of termination of Sublandlord s interest under the Master Lease for any reason (including, without
limitation, upon the occurrence of any casualty or condemnation pertaining to the Sublease
Premises) this Sublease shall terminate coincidentally therewith and Sublandlord shall return to
Subtenant the Security Deposit and any prepaid Subtenant s Rent not applied to a default of
Subtenant within twenty (20) days of such termination. Sublandlord shall have no liability to
Subtenant in connection therewith, unless the termination of the Master Lease was caused by a
violation of Sublandlord s covenants and agreements in Paragraph 12 below.

12. Incorporation of Master Lease Terms .

(a) The applicable terms, covenants and conditions contained in the Master Lease are hereby
incorporated herein and shall, as between Sublandlord and Subtenant, constitute additional
terms, covenants and conditions of this Sublease, except to the extent set forth below.
Except as provided in this Paragraph 12 , all references in the Master Lease to
 Landlord , Tenant , Lease , Premises , Commencement Date and Rent shall, for
purposes of incorporation thereof into this Sublease, mean and refer to Sublandlord ,
 Subtenant , Sublease , Sublease Premises , Sublease Commencement Date and Subtenant s
Rent , respectively. As between the Parties hereto, (i) Sublandlord agrees to observe and
perform the terms, covenants and conditions on its part to be observed and performed
hereunder (and as Tenant under the Master Lease to the extent that such obligations are not
to be performed by Subtenant hereunder) (w) which would materially and adversely impact
Subtenant if not complied with, (x) which do not require for their performance possession of
the Sublease Premises, (y) which are not otherwise to be performed by Subtenant hereunder,
and (z) provided Subtenant complies with its obligations hereunder; and (ii) Subtenant
agrees to be bound by the provisions of the Master Lease incorporated herein and to keep,
observe and perform for the benefit of Master Landlord and Sublandlord each of the terms,
covenants and conditions on its part to be kept, observed and performed hereunder

8 

as well as those applicable terms, covenants and conditions to be observed and performed by
Sublandlord as Tenant under the Master Lease with respect to the Sublease Premises. Without
limiting the foregoing, Subtenant shall not commit or permit to be committed on the Sublease
Premises any act or omission which shall violate any term, covenant or condition of the
Master Lease. Subtenant shall under no circumstances have any rights with respect to the
Sublease Premises greater than Sublandlord s rights as Tenant under the Master Lease.

(b) In the event of conflict between any provision of the Master Lease which is incorporated
herein as described above in this Paragraph 12 and any provision of this Sublease,
the provisions of this Sublease shall control. In determining whether to grant or withhold
any consent or approval hereunder, Sublandlord may expressly condition the same upon the
consent or approval of Master Landlord if such consent or approval is required under the
Master Lease.

(c) The following Sections and provisions of the Master Lease do not apply to, shall not be
a part of, and are not incorporated into this Sublease.

Specific Section Excluded 

Section 
 
 Subject Matter 
 
 (if not entire Section) 

Section 1

Basic Lease Terms 

Section 2

The Premises 

Section 3

Lease Term

Section 4

Rent

Section 4.1 (Minimum Monthly Rent);
Section 4.2 (Lease Year); Section 4.4
(Impounds) 

Section 5

Security Deposit

Section 5.3 (Reduction of Security Deposit Amount) 

Section 21

Default by Tenant

Section 21(d)(v) 

Exhibits B, C and E to the Master Lease shall be incorporated into this Sublease but all
other exhibits and references thereto shall be excluded.

(d) Sublandlord and Subtenant agree that Sublandlord shall not be responsible or liable to
Subtenant for the performance or nonperformance of any obligations of Master Landlord under
the Master Lease, and in furtherance thereof agree as follows:

9 

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Sublease, Sublandlord
shall not be required to (A) provide or perform any insurance and services or any
alterations, improvements, improvement allowances or other construction obligations
as to the Sublease Premises, (B) provide any utilities (including electricity) to
the Sublease Premises, (C) perform any maintenance or make any of the repairs to the
Sublease Premises, Building or the Center, (D) comply with any laws or requirements
of governmental authorities regarding the maintenance or operation of the Sublease
Premises after Subtenant takes possession of the Premises or prior thereto to the
extent required to be complied with by Master Landlord under the Master Lease, (E)
take any other action relating to the operation, maintenance, repair, alteration or
servicing of the Sublease Premises that Master Landlord may have agreed to provide,
furnish, make, comply with, or take, or cause to be provided, furnished, made,
complied with or taken under the Master Lease, or (F) provide Subtenant with any
rebate, credit, allowance or other concession required of Master Landlord for any
reason pursuant to the Master Lease unless Sublandlord receives a rent abatement
with respect to the Sublease Premises and Subtenant is not in default of its
obligations under the Sublease. Sublandlord makes no representation or warranty of
quiet enjoyment as to any persons claiming by, through or under Master Landlord, but
Sublandlord represents and warrants quiet enjoyment as against any person claiming
by, through or under Sublandlord.

(ii) Sublandlord agrees, upon request of Subtenant, to use due diligence, at
Subtenant s sole cost and expense, to cause Master Landlord to provide, furnish, or
comply with any of Master Landlord s obligations under the Master Lease or to
provide any required consents or approvals; provided , however , that
Sublandlord shall not be obligated to use such efforts or take any action which, in
Sublandlord s reasonable judgment, might give rise to a default by Sublandlord under
the Master Lease. If Master Landlord shall default in the performance of any of its
obligations under the Master Lease or at law, Sublandlord shall, upon request and at
the expense of Subtenant, cooperate with Subtenant in the prosecution of any
reasonable action or proceeding, in order to have Master Landlord (A) make such
repairs, furnish such electricity, provide such services or comply with any other
obligation of Master Landlord under the Master Lease or as required by law, and/or
(B) compensate Subtenant for any earlier default by Master Landlord in the payment
or performance of its liabilities and obligations under the Master Lease during the
Sublease Term. The indemnity obligation of Subtenant as set forth in Paragraph
15 shall apply to any claims of Master Landlord arising from or in connection
with any such request, action or proceeding.

10 

(iii) Subtenant shall not make any claim against Sublandlord for any damage which
may arise by reason of: (i) the failure of Master Landlord to keep, observe or
perform any of its obligations under the Master Lease; or (ii) the acts or omissions
of Master Landlord or its employees, agents, licensees, contractors or invitees.

(iv) Subtenant agrees that any waiver of liability, waiver of subrogation rights, or
indemnification provisions in the Master Lease which are incorporated herein as
waivers or obligations of Subtenant (including, but not limited to, in Sections
9.5 , 12.2 , 13 and 14.5 of the Master Lease, to the
extent applicable to and incorporated in this Sublease), shall be deemed expanded so
as to provide for Subtenant to make such waivers and provide such indemnities not
only in favor of Sublandlord, but also in favor of Master Landlord, and the
respective affiliated employees, agents and the like of both Sublandlord and Master
Landlord as enumerated in such provisions.

(e) In the event that Sublandlord, as Tenant, is entitled to termination rights for all or a
portion of the Sublease Premises, including, without limitation, as a result of (i) damage
and destruction under Section 16 of the Master Lease, or (ii) a partial condemnation
under Section 17 of the Master Lease, then Subtenant shall be entitled to similar
termination rights with respect to the portion or all of the Sublease Premises affected,
regardless of whether or not Sublandlord seeks to enforce such termination rights under the
Master Lease.

(f) In the event that Sublandlord, as Tenant, receives a rent abatement for all or a portion
of the Sublease Premises, including, without limitation, as a result of (i) damage and
destruction under Section 16 of the Master Lease, or (ii) a partial condemnation
under Section 17 of the Master Lease, then Subtenant shall be entitled to similar
abatement of Subtenant s Rent with respect to the portion or all of the Sublease Premises
affected.

(g) Sublandlord covenants and agrees to provide Subtenant with copies of any notices of
default under Master Lease (unless such default has already been cured), or notices that
could affect Subtenant s rights and obligations under this Sublease within five (5) business
days after Sublandlord s receipt thereof. Sublandlord shall obtain the prior written
consent of Subtenant prior to (i) amending or otherwise modifying the Master Lease, or (ii)
waiving, or allowing to lapse, any right of Sublandlord under the Master Lease, to extend
that any such action under (i) or (ii) above would have a material adverse effect on
Subtenant, its use and enjoyment of the Sublease Premises, or its rights under this
Sublease.

11 

13. Insurance .

Subtenant shall comply at all times and in all respects with the provisions of Section
9 of the Master Lease with regard to the maintenance of insurance. Such insurance shall name,
as additional insureds, Master Landlord, Sublandlord and any other parties required to be named
under the terms of the Master Lease, and a policy or certificate thereof shall be provided to
Sublandlord not later than two (2) business days prior to the Sublease Commencement Date. The
maintenance of insurance coverage with respect to the Sublease Premises and any property of
Subtenant shall be the sole obligation of Subtenant. All insurance required to be maintained by
Subtenant shall provide for thirty (30) days prior written notice to Sublandlord and Master
Landlord in the event of any termination or reduction in coverage of such insurance. All property
insurance policies which either Party obtains affecting the Sublease Premises shall include a
clause or endorsement denying the insurer any rights of subrogation against the other Party or
Master Landlord. Sublandlord and Subtenant waive any rights of recovery against the other for any
actually insured injury or loss including all amounts within any deductible or self-insured
retention amount applicable to any such insured injury or loss.

14. Surrender of Sublease Premises; Holding Over .

(a) As soon as its right to possession ends, Subtenant shall surrender the Sublease Premises
to Sublandlord in as good repair and condition as when Subtenant first occupied, except for
reasonable wear and tear, and otherwise in accordance with the requirements of the Master
Lease. Subtenant will concurrently deliver to Sublandlord all keys to the Sublease
Premises, and restore any locks that it has changed to the system that existed at the
commencement of the Sublease Term. If possession is not immediately surrendered,
Sublandlord may enter upon and take possession of the Sublease Premises and expel or remove
Subtenant and any other person who may be occupying the Sublease Premises or any part
thereof.

(b) At the expiration or termination of the Sublease Term, Sublandlord may require the
removal of any or all furniture, personal property and equipment from the Sublease Premises,
and the restoration of the Sublease Premises to its prior condition, except for reasonable
wear and tear, at Subtenant s expense. All of Subtenant s furniture, personal property and
equipment on or about the Sublease Premises, shall be removed from the Sublease Premises by
Subtenant at the expiration or termination of the Sublease Term. All removals by Subtenant
will be accomplished in a good and workmanlike manner so as not to damage any portion of the
Center, Building or the Master Lease Premises and Subtenant will promptly repair and restore
all damage done except for normal wear and tear. If Subtenant does not so remove any
property which it has the right or duty to remove, Sublandlord may immediately either claim
it as abandoned property, or remove, store and dispose of it in any manner Sublandlord may
choose, at Subtenant s cost and without liability to Subtenant or any other party.

12 

(c) As a condition to this Sublease and to facilitate Sublandlord s performance of its
obligations under the Master Lease, Subtenant agrees that Sublandlord shall be entitled to
enter the Sublease Premises, upon two (2) business days advance notice to Subtenant, at any
time during the ten (10) days preceding the Sublease Expiration Date for the purpose of
making any repairs or modifications or removing any alterations or other improvements
required under the terms of the Master Lease to the extent the same will not materially
interfere with Subtenant s continuous use of the Sublease Premises. Sublandlord s right to
enter the Sublease Premises under this Paragraph 14(c) shall not be exclusive of any
other right of entry Sublandlord may have under the terms of this Agreement.

(d) If Subtenant does not surrender the Sublease Premises as required and holds over after
its right to possession ends, Subtenant shall become a tenant at sufferance only, at a
monthly rental rate equal to the greater of (i) one hundred fifty percent (150 of the
total Subtenant s Rent payable in the last prior full month, or (ii) the amount payable by
Sublandlord as Tenant under the Master Lease as a result of such holdover, without
renewal, extension or expansion rights, and otherwise subject to the terms, covenants and
conditions herein specified, so far as applicable. Nothing other than a fully executed
written agreement of the Parties creates any other relationship. Subtenant will be liable
for Sublandlord s loss, costs and damage from such holding over, including, without
limitation, those from Sublandlord s delay in delivering possession to other parties. These
provisions are in addition to other rights of Sublandlord hereunder and as provided by law.

15. Waiver and Indemnification .

The provisions of the Master Lease relating to waiver of liability, waiver of subrogation and
indemnification shall apply to this Sublease as described in Paragraph 12(d)(iv) hereof.

16. Hazardous Materials .

(a) Subtenant shall not, and Subtenant shall not permit any of its employees, agents,
licensees, contractors or invitees, or any other person to possess, store, handle, generate,
release, transport or use in any way in, on or about the Center, Building or Sublease
Premises any Toxic or Hazardous Materials of any kind whatsoever (excluding reasonable
amounts of ordinary office supplies and customary amounts of Hazardous Materials used in
connection with Subtenant s business, as used in compliance with all applicable laws). For
purposes of this Paragraph 16 , Hazardous Materials shall mean any product,
substance, chemical, material or waste whose presence, nature, quality and/or intensity or
existence, use, manufacture, disposal, transportation, spill, release or effect, either by
itself or in combination with other materials expected to be on the Sublease

13 

Premises is either (i) potentially injurious to public health, safety or welfare, the
environment or the Sublease Premises; or (ii) regulated or monitored by any governmental
authority.

(b) Subtenant shall have no liability or obligation whatsoever for any Hazardous Materials
located in, on or about the Center, Building or Sublease Premises prior to the Sublease
Commencement Date or that migrate onto the property on which the Center is located or appear
within the Center, Building, or Sublease Premises, provided that neither Subtenant nor its
employees, agents, licensees, contractors or invitees was the cause or source of such
Hazardous Materials.

(c) To the extent required by law or for Subtenant s use and occupancy of the Building and
Sublease Premises, Sublandlord shall cause, at its sole cost and expense, any and all such
Hazardous Materials discovered in, on or about the Building or Sublease Premises to be
removed or otherwise remediated. Sublandlord shall provide to Subtenant a Phase One
Environmental Analysis of the Building prior to entry and Subtenant shall provide the same
to Sublandlord upon termination of this Sublease.

17. Notices .

All notices, demands, statements and other communications that may or are required to be given
by either Party to the other hereunder shall be in writing and shall be (i) personally delivered to
the address or addressee provided herein, or (ii) sent by certified mail, postage prepaid and
return receipt requested or (iii) delivered by a reputable messenger or overnight courier service
and, in any case, addressed as follows:

If to Sublandlord:

Avanir Pharmaceuticals 

with a copy to:

Heller Ehrman LLP 

4350 La Jolla Village Dr., 7 th Floor 

San Diego, California 92122 

Attention: Stephen Ferruolo 

If to Subtenant:

Sirion Therapeutics, Inc. 

14 

Any notice or document addressed to the Parties hereto at the respective addresses set forth
on this Sublease or at such other address as they may specify from time to time by written notice
delivered in accordance with this Paragraph shall be considered delivered (w) in the case of
personal delivery, at the time of delivery or refusal to accept delivery; (x) on the third day
after deposit in the United States mail, certified mail, postage prepaid; (y) in the case of
reputable messenger or overnight courier service, upon delivery or refusal to accept delivery; or
(z) in the event of failure of delivery by reason of changed address of which no notice was
delivered or refusal to accept delivery, as of the date of such failure or refusal. If any such
day of delivery is not a business day, the notice or document will be considered delivered on the
next business day.

18. Security Deposit .

Concurrently with Subtenant s execution of this Sublease, Subtenant shall provide Sublandlord
with a letter of credit for the full amount of the Security Deposit listed in Paragraph
1(a) (the Letter of Credit ). Such Letter of Credit shall be issued by a financial
institution in a form and substance acceptable to Sublandlord. The Letter of Credit shall have an
original term of no less than one year with provisions for extensions unless sixty (60) days prior
notice is given to Sublandlord by the issuing bank. The Letter of Credit shall provide for partial
draws. Subtenant shall keep the Letter of Credit, at its expense, in full force and effect
throughout the term of this Sublease. Upon the happening of any Draw Event (as defined
below), Sublandlord or its assignee, at its option, may present its written demand for payment of
the entire face amount of the Letter of Credit and the funds so obtained shall become due and
payable to Sublandlord or its assignee to be applied as a Security Deposit pursuant to the
provisions of Section 5.1 of the Master Lease. A Draw Event shall mean any of the
following: (i) Subtenant becomes or is the subject of any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar
proceeding or event, (ii) a default occurs under the Sublease beyond all applicable notice and cure
periods; or (iii) the Letter of Credit is not extended within ten (10) business days prior to its
expiration.

19. Assignment and Subletting .

Subject to the prior written consent of both Sublandlord (which shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed) and Master Landlord, Subtenant shall have the same rights as
Sublandlord enjoys as Tenant under such portions of Section 18 of the Master Lease as are
incorporated herein, to assign this Sublease or sub-sublease the Sublease Premises. Except in
connection with a Permitted Transfer (as defined below), Sublandlord shall have the right to fifty
percent (50 of all subrent or other consideration (net of Subtenant s reasonable expenses in
connection with such assignment or sub-sublease, including, without limitation, brokerage
commissions, legal costs, and tenant improvement costs or allowances) to be paid to Subtenant under
the terms of any assignment or sub-sublease in excess of the total Subtenant s Rent due hereunder.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Paragraph 19 , Sublandlord

15 

shall not withhold approval of an assignment (deemed or actual) of this Sublease, or a sub
sublease of all or any part of the Sublease Premises, or any other Transfer (as defined in the
Master Lease), to an entity controlled by, controlling, or under common control with Subtenant or a
successor by way of merger, acquisition of all or substantially all of Subtenant s assets,
corporate reorganization, contribution, or similar transaction (each, a Permitted
Transfer ). However, Subtenant shall still be required to obtain consent of the Master
Landlord under the provisions of the Master Lease.

20. Interest on Subtenant s Obligations .

Any Subtenant s Rent or other charge, expense or other sum due from Subtenant to Sublandlord
under this Sublease which is not paid on the date due, shall bear interest from the date such
payment is due until paid (computed on the basis of a 365-day-year) at the lesser of (a) the
maximum lawful rate per annum or (b) twelve percent (12 per annum. The payment of such interest
shall not excuse or cure a default by Subtenant hereunder.

21. Authority .

By delivering this Sublease, each Party hereby represents and warrants to the other that such
execution and delivery has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or partnership action
and that the person(s) executing same have been duly authorized to do so.

22. Signage and Access .

Subject to Master Landlord s approval, Subtenant shall have the right to install signage at
the Center, Building and Sublease Premises, at its sole cost and expense, subject to, and in
compliance with, the provisions of the Master Lease. In addition, subject to Master Landlord s
approval, Subtenant shall have the right, at its sole cost and expense, to install signage that is
visible from Sorrento Valley Road, subject to the provisions of the Master Lease. At its cost,
Subtenant shall remove any such signage at the expiration of the Sublease Term and repair any
damage caused thereby.

23. Captions .

The captions in this Sublease are used for convenience and reference only and are not to be
taken as part of this Sublease or to be used in determining the intent of the Parties or otherwise
interpreting this Sublease.

24. Successors and Assigns .

Subject to the restrictions on assignment set forth in this Sublease, this Sublease shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of Sublandlord and Subtenant and their respective successors
and assigns.

16 

25. Parking .

Subtenant shall have the non-exclusive right to use all parking areas available to Sublandlord
under the Master Lease, which are adjacent to 11404 and 11408 Sorrento Valley Road, provided
Subtenant shall not use more than twenty-six (26) spaces at any one time.

26. Master Landlord Consent .

This Sublease shall not become effective and shall not be deemed to be an offer to sublease or
create any rights or obligations between Subtenant or Sublandlord unless and until Sublandlord and
Subtenant have executed and delivered the same, and Master Landlord has executed and delivered a
consent to this Sublease in a form reasonably acceptable to Sublandlord and Subtenant. If no such
consent to this Sublease is given or deemed given by Master Landlord within thirty (30) days after
the delivery of a copy of the fully executed Sublease to Master Landlord, then either Sublandlord
or Subtenant shall have the right, by written notice to the other, to terminate this Sublease at
any time prior to such consent from Master Landlord being given. By delivering this Sublease, each
Party hereby represents and warrants to the other that such execution and delivery has been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate or partnership action and that the person(s) executing same
have been duly authorized to do so.

27. Financial Statements .

Subtenant represents, warrants and covenants that any financial statements heretofore
furnished to Sublandlord, in connection with this Sublease, are accurate and are not materially
misleading.

28. Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment .

As of the Sublease Commencement Date, the furniture, fixtures and equipment described on
 Exhibit C attached hereto shall be provided with possession of the Sublease Premises at no
additional cost or charge. The furniture, fixtures and equipment are provided by Sublandlord in
its then as-is condition. Sublandlord makes no, and Subtenant acknowledges it is not relying on
any, representation or warranty of any kind whatsoever, express or implied, as to any matters
concerning the furniture, fixtures and equipment including, without limitation, any warranties as
to title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Upon
termination of this Sublease, Subtenant shall deliver the furniture, fixtures and equipment
described on Exhibit C in good repair and condition along with its surrender of the
Sublease Premises.

29. Direct Lease .

In the event the Master Lease is terminated prior to the expiration of the Sublease Term,
whether as a result of a voluntary termination by Sublandlord or a default on the

17 

part of Sublandlord, this Sublease shall, upon notice from Master Landlord to Subtenant,
remain in full force and effect as a direct lease between Subtenant and Master Landlord (in which
event Subtenant shall attorn to Master Landlord).

30. Miscellaneous .

(a) Time is of the essence of each and every term of this Sublease.

(b) Subtenant waives any right it may now or hereafter have (i) for exemption of property
from liability for debt or for distress for rent or (ii) relating to notice or delay in levy
of execution in case of eviction for nonpayment of rent.

(c) If there is more than one party constituting Subtenant, their obligations are joint and
several, and Sublandlord need not first proceed against all of them before proceeding
against any or all of the others.

(d) Subtenant acquires no rights by implication from this Sublease, and is not a beneficiary
of any past, current or future agreements between Sublandlord and third parties.

(e) California law governs this Sublease. Neither Party may record this Sublease or a copy
or memorandum thereof. Submission of this Sublease to Subtenant is not an offer, and
Subtenant will have no rights hereunder until each Party executes a counterpart and delivers
it to the other Party.

(f) This Sublease cannot be changed or terminated orally. All informal understandings and
agreements, representation or warranties heretofore made between the Parties are merged in
this Sublease, which alone fully and completely expresses the agreement between Sublandlord
and Subtenant as to the subleasing of the Sublease Premises.

(g) Each and every indemnification obligation set forth in this Sublease, or incorporated
into this Sublease from the Master Lease, shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of the term of this Sublease.

(h) If, for any reason, any suit be initiated between Sublandlord and Subtenant to interpret
or enforce any provision of this Sublease, the prevailing Party shall be entitled to recover
from the other Party its legal costs, expert witness expenses, and reasonable attorneys 
fees, as fixed by the court.

(i) The Parties mutually acknowledge that this Sublease has been negotiated at arm s length.
The provisions of this Sublease shall be deemed to have been drafted by all of the Parties
and this Sublease shall not be interpreted or constructed against any Party solely by virtue
of the fact that such Party or its counsel was responsible for its preparation.

18 

(j) This Sublease may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one instrument.

(k) Sublandlord hereby represents that the Master Lease is in full force and effect and that
Sublandlord has no actual knowledge of any defaults under the Master Lease.

remainder of page intentionally blank 

19 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Sublease has been executed as of the day and year first above
written.

SUBLANDLORD : 
 
AVANIR PHARMACEUTICAL 
a California corporation 

By: 
 /c/ Michael J. Puntoriero

Name: 
 Michael J. Puntoriero 

Title: 
 Senior VP of Finance Chief Financial Officer 

SUBTENANT : 
 
SIRION THERAPEUTICS, INC., 
a North Carolina corporation 

By: 
 /c/ Dawn E. Bennett Johnson

Name: 
 Dawn E. Bennett Johnson 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

20 

EXHIBIT A 

MASTER LEASE 

Standard Industrial Net Lease by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals Tenant and Sorrento
Plaza, a California Limited Partnership Landlord 

Effective May 20, 2002

Included as Exhibit 10.1 with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 13, 2002 

EXHIBIT B 

FLOOR PLAN OF SUBLEASE PREMISES 

Graphic 

EXHIBIT C 

FURNITURE, FIXTURES AND EQUIPMENT 

11408 Sorrento Valley Rd. 

List of Avanir s Equipment to Remain During Lease Period

1.) Conference Room conference table, 12 chairs (non-rolling), Proxima projector.

2.) Kitchenette Small fridge, microwave, R.O. water filtration system.

3.) Lab techs office area 7 cubicle work stations, 7 rolling file drawers.

4.) Copy room (no equipment left)

5.) Offices 4 private offices each with building standard desk unit, under desk 2 drawer
lateral file cabinet, rolling file drawer unit, wall mounted bookcase.

6.) 1 Office with multi-person desk unit (covers 2 walls completely, accommodates up to 4 people,
each with his own overhanging wall mounted cabinet).

7.) 1 Lab area office with multi-person desk unit (same as #6 above).

8.) Cloning Lab Electric heated incubator (non-CO2 type).

9.) Equipment room D.I. water skid, CO2 gas manifold w/automatic changeover, industrial hot
water heater, water softener unit, shaker incubator.

10.) Dark room (No equipment left).

11.) Washroom Wash sink, drying racks, shelving, ice machine.

12.) PCR Lab Refrigerator, -20 Freezer.

13.) Tissue Culture Lab 1 bio-safety cabinets (1 Baker brand hooked up to central vacuum
unit), 1 double stacked incubator unit w/house CO2 supply.

14.) Purification Lab (No equipment left).

15.) Cold Room Shelving

16.) Kinetics Lab flammable materials cabinet.

17.) Main Lab 1 Bio-safety cabinet (6 ft. Baker w/ 2 house vacuum connections), 1 fume hood (6
ft. Genie), 1 double stacked incubator w/house CO2 connection, 1 refrigerator, 1 -20 freezer, 1
Milli-Q water filtration system.

18.) BSL3 Lab 2 Bio-safety cabinets (Labconco, direct exhausted to a Bag In/ Bag Out filter
housing with lead/lag exhaust fans), 1 double stacked incubator w/house CO2, large pass-thru
w/interlocking doors autoclave, equipment required for a BSL3 lab.

19.) I.T. Room Server rack, patch panels, UPS, V D switches.

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.21>
 4
 a25225exv10w21.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.21

Exhibit 10.21 

Exhibit 10.21 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED WITH . A COMPLETE
VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT UNDER RULE 24B-2 OF THE
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.

CONFIDENTIAL 

DOCOSANOL DATA TRANSFER PATENT LICENSE AGREEMENT 

THIS DOCOSANOL DATA TRANSFER PATENT LICENSE AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of July
6, 2006 Effective Date between Avanir Pharmaceuticals, a California corporation Avanir and Healthcare Brands International Limited of 56 Queen Anne Street, London
W1G 8LA HBI ).

BACKGROUND 

Avanir is the owner of certain data, know-how, trade secrets, confidential information,
inventions, technology, and patent rights and that (i) pertain to Docosanol, (ii) relate to use of
Docosanol in the treatment of viral infections and inflammations of skin and mucous membranes in
humans, and other medicinal uses, and (iii) include certain medicinal formulations and
manufacturing methods of products containing Docosanol.

The United States Food and Drug Administration FDA has approved Avanir s New
Drug Application in the United States of America USA and Avanir received approval of
its Marketing Authorization Application MAA from the Swedish Medical Products Agency MPA under a Mutual Recognition Process MRP relating to products incorporating
Docosanol for topical, human use for the treatment of herpes labialis.

HBI is interested in obtaining access to certain of Avanir s proprietary data and know-how,
and Avanir is willing to grant such access on the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

HBI is interested in obtaining from Avanir a license to Avanir s patent rights relating to
the use of Docosanol and Avanir is willing to grant such license and access on the terms and
conditions of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the monetary consideration set forth in this Agreement
and of the terms, conditions and agreements contained in this Agreement, and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are acknowledged, Avanir and HBI agree
as follows:

1 

Article I. DEFINITIONS 

Words and phrases used in this Agreement which are not otherwise defined will be interpreted in
accordance with the common usage for such term in English in the USA. Technical terms unless
otherwise defined will be interpreted consistent with their common usage in the relevant
scientific field. Some terms are defined in this Agreement parenthetically, and such terms will
have the meanings apparent from the context in which such terms are parenthetically defined. When
used in this Agreement, each of the following defined terms will have the meanings set forth in
this Section.

Section 1.01 Additional Territories means Italy, Greece, Cyprus, Turkey, Romania,
Sweden, Denmark, Norway and/or Finland.

Section 1.02 Additional Rights means Avanir s Know-how and/or Intellectual Property in
so far as it relates to any of the Additional Territories, including without limitation those
rights set out in Schedule 1.12.

Section 1.03 Affiliate(s) means, with respect to each party, any organization,
corporation, company, firm, or other entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with such party. In this context control shall mean the ability to control the
management of a company, whether through ownership of voting rights, contract, ability to control
or appoint the board or otherwise.

Section 1.04 Approval Date has the meaning specified in Section 5.01.

Section 1.05 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other day
which is a public holiday in England.

Section 1.06 Data means any data, results, know-how, and information which Avanir owns,
controls or has a license (with a right to sublicense) and relating to Docosanol or that is
necessary or useful to the manufacture, use or sale of Products, including, without limitation,
data or information incorporated either in Avanir s approved New Drug Application in the USA or
the MAA, chemical compositions of monomers, derivatives, designs, polymers, solvents, catalysts,
formulae, specifications, designs, chemical and physical data, clinical data, information
concerning concentrations, combinations, indications, dosage strengths and sizes or packaging,
preparations, synthesis, processes, formulations, administrations, applications, toxicity,
operations, regulatory affairs and marketing.

Section 1.07 Docosanol means docosanol and any other .

Section 1.08 European Rights means all of Avanir s Know-how and Intellectual Property in
so far as it relates to the Territory, including without limitation those rights set out in
 Schedule 1.13 .

Section 1.09 First Commercial Sale means, in the Territory the first commercial sale,
where sale means , whichever comes first, of a Product by HBI, its Affiliates or sublicensees
to any person or entity other than HBI, its Affiliates or sublicensees following Territory
Registration.

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

2 

Section 1.10 Improvements means any and all improvements, developments, alterations or
modifications to the Product made or developed by Avanir or HBI from time to time, solely to the
extent that the composition, manufacture or use of any such item would be dominated by the
Licensed Patents at the time when discovered or made or would require use of Know-how.

Section 1.11 Intellectual Property means all patents and patent applications (including
the Licensed Patents), registered and unregistered designs, design rights, copyright works or
other intellectual property rights from time to time owned by Avanir in relation to the creation,
manufacture, Registration, marketing, promotion, distribution and/or sale of the Products and/or
Docosanol, including any Improvements.

Section 1.12 Know-how means all of the Data, drawings, designs, specifications,
processes, knowledge, correspondence, technical information and expertise from time to time owned
or controlled by Avanir in relation to the creation, manufacture, Registration, marketing,
promotion, distribution and/or sale of the Products and/or Docosanol and its packaging, including
any Improvements.

Section 1.13 Licensed Patents means all (i) patents and patent applications in the
Territory which generally or specifically claim a Product, a process for manufacturing or
formulating a Product, an intermediate contained in a Product, or use of a Product and which are
owned or controlled by Avanir, including without limitation those listed in Schedule 1.13 
and those owned by Avanir under Section 3.06; (ii) any divisionals, continuations, refilings, and
extensions of any of the foregoing patents and patent applications; and (iii) all substitutions,
reissues, renewals, reexaminations, patents of addition, and inventors certificates thereof,
patent term extensions, supplementary protection certificates and exclusivity extensions of the
foregoing patents.

Section 1.14 Product(s) means any finished or semi-finished product that contains
Docosanol (either as the sole ingredient or in combination with any other ingredient, substance or
compound, regardless of whether any other such ingredient, substance or compound is claimed as or
considered to be an active ingredient or not) in any and all concentrations, formulations,
preparations, administrations, combinations or dosage strengths and sizes thereof, together with
all expansions and Improvements thereon, the manufacturing, use or sale of which would, but for
the licenses granted hereunder, infringe any Licensed Patent or employ any Know-how.

Section 1.15 Registration means satisfaction of registration (including any duplicate
marketing authorizations) or notification requirements and receipt of approvals, licenses,
registrations or authorizations of any appropriate regulatory agency, department, bureau or other
government entity, necessary for the commercialization of the Product, including any manufacture,
use, storage, import, transport or sale of Products or the equivalent from the appropriate
governmental agency in any relevant country of the Territory or Additional Territory.

Section 1.16 Territory means Russia, the Ukraine and the nations of the European Union
as of the Effective Date, but not any of the following countries: Italy, Greece, Cyprus, Turkey,
Romania, Sweden, Denmark, Norway or Finland; provided, however, that if HBI has been granted a
license pursuant to Section 2.07 in respect of any Additional Territory, such Additional Territory
shall become part of the Territory and references to Territory shall thereafter be construed
accordingly. Other countries may be added to the Territory by the parties from time to time upon

3 

the mutual execution of an amendment to this Agreement adding such countries and upon the payment
of mutually agreed consideration therefor.

Section 1.17 Third Party or Third Parties means any person, organization,
corporation, company, firm, or other entity that is not a party hereto or an Affiliate of either
party.

Article II. DATA TRANSFER PATENT LICENSE 

Section 2.01 Data Transfer. In consideration for the fee paid by HBI and in order to
support HBI s direct pursuit of applications for Registrations for marketing approval of Products
in the Territory, Avanir (A) hereby grants HBI the right to access and reference the Data, (B)
will execute such letters of authorization or consents as reasonably requested by HBI in
connection with the foregoing, (C) will make available the Data which is the entire contents of
the approved Swedish MAA regulatory submission for 10 docosanol cream in the treatment of herpes
labialis, and pre-clinical data relating to any Product, including, without limitation, copies of
all existing clinical data, documents, papers, protocols, results and analyses and all
correspondence relating to the Swedish approval, and (D) will transfer, or cause to be
transferred, to HBI all regulatory licenses for Products in the Territory existing as of the
Effective Date. This Data represents a significant investment on the part of Avanir, and is
considered proprietary to Avanir. HBI, therefore, agrees to retain control over this Data and not
to transfer Data to Third Parties other than to regulatory authorities in the Territory or to
regulatory consultants of HBI who are obligated in writing to maintain its confidentiality without
advance written approval of Avanir.

Section 2.02 Patent License Grant . Subject to all the terms, payments and limitations of
this Agreement, Avanir hereby grants to HBI an exclusive license under the European Rights to
make, have made, use, have used, offer to sell, sell, have sold through distributors and import
Products in the Territory, and to subcontract such rights as reasonably required to exercise the
rights granted hereunder and to grant sub-licenses of such rights upon approval by Avanir, not to
be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and subject to the terms set forth in Schedule 2 .

For clarity, as a consequence of the exclusive license granted herein, Avanir will not carry on or
procure any Third Party to carry on any activities within the scope of such license. Accordingly,
Avanir shall not seek customers in the Territory and will not maintain a distribution depot in the
Territory for sales of Product to customers in the Territory. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Avanir shall be entitled to manufacture Product in the Territory for the sole purpose of exporting
Product outside the Territory provided that Avanir shall not sell or supply Product to any Third
Party in the event Avanir believes or has reasonable cause to believe that such Third Party
intends to sell such Product into the Territory. HBI shall not seek customers outside the
Territory and will not maintain a distribution depot outside the Territory for sales of Product to
customers outside the Territory. Notwithstanding the foregoing, HBI shall be entitled to
manufacture Product outside the Territory for the sole purpose of exporting Product into the
Territory provided that HBI shall not sell or supply Product to any Third Party in the event that
HBI believes or has reasonable cause to believe that such Third Party intends to sell such Product
outside the Territory.

Section 2.03 Duty to Supplement the Data . Subject to any contractual prohibitions by
which Avanir is bound as of the Effective Date, in the event that Avanir receives any supplemental
Data or other Know-how or copies of correspondence with regulatory authorities outside the
Territory from any other licensees or any other source that relates to the Products, Avanir will
promptly

4 

provide such updates of Data and/or Know-how to HBI. Upon request of HBI, Avanir shall request
permission from other licensees of Products to share any such information which Avanir receives
with HBI, solely for use by HBI under the terms of this Agreement. Avanir will also make
available, upon request, content from the US NDA 20-941 to HBI for use in seeking and supporting
Product Registrations in the Territory. HBI shall be permitted to reference such US NDA and any
other regulatory filings made by Avanir or its licensees in the Additional Territories to the
extent reasonably necessary to obtain Registrations in the Territory.

Section 2.04 Data Transfer Fees . In consideration for the transfer of the Data as a
know-how and data transfer fee, HBI will pay to Avanir, (a) the sum of 750,000 within ten (10)
business days of the execution of this Agreement and (b) the sum of 750,000 within 30 days of
receipt of each of the first two grants in the Territory by the appropriate regulatory authorities
of the regulatory approvals necessary to commence sales, including Registration and pricing
approvals if required, in each case with respect to approvals which are received after the
Effective Date.

Section 2.05 Taxes . HBI will pay and bear the expense of local, state and/or federal
government license, sales and use, property and ad valorem taxes and any custom duties, fees or
charges which may be imposed or assessed on it with respect to manufacture or sales of Products in
the Territory under this Agreement.

Section 2.06 Deferred Compensation . In accordance with Schedule 2 and in further
consideration for the licenses granted pursuant to Section 2.02 , for (a) sales or
sublicenses of Product rights, (b) sales of HBI and (c) initial public offerings, Licensee will
pay Avanir non-refundable amounts as calculated on Schedule 2 . For clarity, no royalties
shall be due on sales of Products hereunder.

Section 2.07 Additional Territories License . Avanir grants HBI a right of first offer
to obtain a license under the terms set out in Section 2.02 of the relevant Additional Rights in
respect of each of the Additional Territories. This shall mean that before making any offer to
any Third Party of, or making direct use by Avanir following expiration, termination or
renegotiation of any existing license agreement relating to, any of the Additional Rights (or any
interest in any of them), directly or indirectly, Avanir shall first notify HBI in writing of the
of its offer of such Additional Rights and shall give HBI Business Days in which to
decide whether it wishes to acquire the rights which are the subject of such written offer. If
HBI wishes to acquire such Additional Rights, HBI and Avanir shall then negotiate terms to extend
the licenses hereunder to include such rights in good faith for a period of no more than 60 days
from the end of the first Business Day period. If such terms are agreed within such period,
and Avanir has as of such date obtained by reversion from an existing licensee, rights to any
Registrations relevant to the Product in such part of the Additional Territory as has become part
of the Territory pursuant to this Section 2.07, Avanir shall transfer such rights to HBI upon the
execution of the amendment adding such Additional Territory. If HBI and Avanir are not able to
agree on such terms within such additional 60 day period then Avanir may thereafter offer such
Additional Rights to any Third Party on financial terms which are substantially equivalent to the
terms that were last offered to HBI.

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

5 

Article III. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

Section 3.01 Patent Prosecution and Maintenance .

(a) Discretionary Duty to Prosecute and Maintain : Avanir shall, at Avanir s expense,
use all commercially reasonable efforts to prosecute or cause to be prosecuted or continue to
prosecute to allowance or final rejection in the Territory the patent applications included in the
Licensed Patents. Avanir shall, at Avanir s expense use all commercially reasonable efforts to
maintain any issued patents described within the Licensed Patents. Avanir shall promptly provide
HBI with copies of all correspondence with patent offices relevant to the foregoing efforts. If,
subject to Avanir s obligation to use all commercially reasonable efforts as provided herein,
Avanir fails to so file, prosecute, cause to be prosecuted, or maintain the Licensed Patents, HBI
may elect to do so.

(b) HBI s Right to Consult : Avanir shall furnish HBI with copies of all
correspondence relating to the Licensed Patents to and from patent offices in the Territory and
shall provide HBI a reasonable time to offer its comments thereon, provided that in the event that
delay would jeopardize any potential patent right, Avanir shall use all commercially reasonable
efforts to proceed without awaiting HBI s comments on any patent application or correspondence.
HBI shall have the right to consult with Avanir regarding the content of the patent applications
included in the Licensed Patents in the Territory and to comment on any prosecution thereof.
Avanir shall consider all such comments offered by HBI in good faith, it being agreed, however,
that all final decisions respecting conduct of the prosecution of said patent applications shall
rest solely in the discretion of Avanir. Any legal fees or expenses incurred by HBI under this
Section 3.01 shall be the sole responsibility of HBI.

(c) Abandonment of Prosecution : Avanir shall notify HBI in the event Avanir decides
at any time, subject to Avanir s obligation to use all commercially reasonable efforts as provided
herein, to abandon or discontinue prosecution of any one or more of the patent applications
included in the Licensed Patents in the Territory, including any decisions to discontinue pursuit
of applications which have been finally rejected. Such notification will be given as early as
possible which in no event will be less than days prior to the date on which said
application(s) will become abandoned. HBI shall have the option, exercisable upon written
notification to Avanir, to assume full responsibility, at its discretion and expense, for the
prosecution of the affected patent application(s). Under no circumstances shall any such expense
paid by HBI be refundable to HBI by Avanir. Under no circumstance shall any such assumption of
responsibility on the part of HBI affect ownership of any such patent application or any patent
issuing thereon.

(d) Abandonment of Opposition Contest : Should a priority or opposition contest
develop in any patent office or other forum within the Territory relating to a patent or patent
application within the Licensed Patents which Avanir does not believe it would be commercially
reasonable to defend, then HBI shall be given days notice in which to elect to continue
prosecuting and defending such patent or patent applications at HBI s own expense. Otherwise, HBI
shall pursue and bear the cost of any such contest and shall have control of such contest. Avanir
shall provide HBI with all cooperation and available documents required by HBI to prosecute any
such priority

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

6 

or opposition contest not pursued by HBI, including cooperation of any licensor or
consultants of Avanir, at HBI s expense. Avanir shall have the right to participate in any such
contest, or designate its own counsel to so participate, at Avanir s own expense, throughout each
step of such priority or opposition contest. Under no circumstance shall any such expenses or fees
paid by HBI
be refundable to HBI by Avanir. Under no circumstances shall any such election on the part of HBI
affect ownership of any such patent or patent application, including any patent issuing thereon.

(e) Patent Term Extension : In the event that applicable law in any country in the
Territory provides for the extension of the term of any patent included among Licensed Patents,
Avanir shall, upon request of HBI, apply for and use all commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
such an extension or, should the law require HBI to so apply, Avanir hereby gives permission to
HBI to do so. HBI and Avanir agree to cooperate with one another in obtaining such extension.
Avanir agrees to cooperate with HBI in the exercise of the authorization granted herein and will
execute such documents and take such additional action as HBI may reasonably request in connection
therewith.

Section 3.02 Enforcement of Patent Rights Against Third Parties . If either party becomes
aware of any product or activity of any Third Party that involves infringement or violation of any
of Avanir s proprietary rights licensed to HBI hereunder, then such party will promptly notify the
other party in writing of such infringement or violation. Subject to Section 3.03, Avanir may in
its sole discretion take or not take whatever action it believes is appropriate in connection
with, and will have the right to initiate an infringement or other appropriate suit against, any
Third Party who is suspected of infringing or misappropriating any Licensed Patents, invention or
technology included in any Products or the Data in the Territory. If Avanir elects to take
action, HBI will fully cooperate therewith at Avanir s expense. If Avanir initiates and
prosecutes any such action under this section, all legal expenses (including court costs and
attorneys fees) will be for Avanir s account. All amounts awarded by way of judgment, settlement
or compromise and any such damages, royalties, settlement fees or other consideration received by
Avanir will be shared by the parties in proportion to the damages that each has suffered in
relation to such infringement. Avanir will have the sole and exclusive right to select counsel
for any such suit but shall consult with HBI in that regard. If necessary, HBI may be joined as a
party to the suit and will cooperate fully with respect to such suit and will offer such
assistance to Avanir as Avanir reasonably requests in connection therewith at no charge except for
reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred in
rendering such assistance.

Section 3.03 Enforcement of Patent Rights Against Third Parties by HBI . If Avanir
declines to (or does not agree to) enforce or initiate an infringement or other appropriate suit
against an infringing Third Party in the Territory within Business Days of HBI
informing it of a claim, or, notwithstanding Section 3.02, to the extent such infringement relates
to the Territory, HBI will have the right to sue in respect of any such infringement in the
Territory and shall be entitled to all amounts awarded by way of judgment, settlement or
compromise, provided, however, that Avanir will be entitled to a percent share of any
damages or payments (other than for reimbursement of costs or expenses, including attorneys fees)
received by HBI from such Third Party(s). If HBI elects to take such action, Avanir will fully
cooperate therewith at HBI s expense

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

7 

and will not itself take any conflicting action under
 Section 3.02 (though it may take action in respect of countries which are not within the
Territory). HBI may in any event seek injunctive relief in appropriate cases without notice to or
consent from Avanir.

The parties shall keep one another informed of the status of and of their respective activities
regarding any litigation or settlement thereof concerning Product pursuant to this Section 3.03 or
Section 3.02, provided, however, that no settlement or consent judgment or other voluntary final
disposition of any suit defended or action brought by a party pursuant to this Article 3 
may be entered into without the consent of the other party if such settlement would require the
other party to be subject to an injunction or to make a monetary payment or would otherwise
adversely affect the other party s rights under this Agreement or the validity, scope or
enforceability of the Licensed Patents.

Section 3.04 Confidential Information . Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that in
order for Avanir and HBI to carry out their respective obligations under this Agreement, it may be
necessary for Avanir and HBI to disclose to each other certain non-public and valuable business
information Confidential Information ), which shall include without limitation
information exchanged or provided under Sections 2.01, 2.03 and 4.02 hereof. Each party to this
Agreement agrees: (a) not to reveal or make available any Confidential Information of the other to
any Third Party, (except (i) to agents engaged to obtain Registrations in the Territory who have
entered into confidentiality agreements in a form acceptable to Avanir or (ii) as such disclosure
may be specifically approved in writing by the party against whom such disclosure is sought and
except as such disclosure may be required by the receiving party s compliance with legal
requirements and in any such case such party will promptly notify the other party of any such
legally required disclosure) and to ensure that it will treat such Confidential Information of the
other party in the same manner as it treats its own Confidential Information, such treatment to be
at least the degree that a reasonable person would perform under similar circumstances; (b) to
ensure that Affiliates, sublicensees, employees, agents, associates or other persons to whom such
disclosure may be made or who may otherwise have access to such Confidential Information of the
other have, directly or indirectly, agreed in writing to safeguard and maintain such Confidential
Information of the other and not to disclose or use such Confidential Information of the other
except as expressly provided herein; (c) to ensure that Confidential Information of the other is
not used for the receiving party s benefit except as such benefits are expressly contemplated in
this Agreement; (d) to prohibit the Confidential Information of the other from being duplicated in
any manner; except as is reasonably necessary to perform the tasks and obligations contemplated
under this Agreement; and (e) to prohibit the Confidential Information of the other from being
published in any form without the express written consent from the disclosing party. The
obligations of this Section with respect to Confidential Information of the other Party will
continue during the term of this Agreement and for 10 years thereafter. For clarity, this
 Section 3.04 shall not be deemed to prevent HBI from subcontracting or sublicensing under
 Section 2.02 or either Party from making any permitted assignment under Section
7.03 .

Section 3.05 Trademarks . HBI will have no right to use the Avanir trade name or any Avanir
trademark. HBI will solely own any trademark or trademarks selected by HBI for use in connection
with the sale of the Products in the Territory, together with any registrations or pending
registration applications or intent to use filings therefor, and HBI will be solely responsible
for use and registration of such trademarks and all related costs and expenses.

8 

Section 3.06 Improvements . Each party will solely own any and all Improvements that each
such party invents, develops, discovers or creates, without any obligation to the other party with
respect thereto other than as expressly provided herein. Subject to mutual agreement on
applicable terms
and conditions, HBI will grant to Avanir a non-exclusive license outside the Territory to any
HBI-owned Improvements.

Article IV. REGULATORY MATTERS 

Section 4.01 Additional Studies . HBI will be responsible for (a) conducting any
additional pre-clinical, clinical or non-clinical studies reasonably necessary or required to be
conducted in order to obtain or to maintain in effect Registrations of the Products in the
Territory and (b) all costs and expenses associated therewith.

Section 4.02 Registrations . Avanir hereby grants to HBI the right to communicate directly
with applicable government agencies. HBI will be solely responsible for, will manage, direct and
control the application process and will directly communicate with each applicable agency required
in order to prepare and submit an application for Registration with health care authorities in at
least countries in the Territory within months from the Effective Date. HBI
will directly bear all costs and expenses of, and will own, all applications for Registrations.
Avanir will assist HBI in the regulatory matters as appropriate, and HBI will compensate Avanir
for its personnel s reasonable time and expenses man hours will be provided with Avanir s
executive hours and non-executive hours to be charged to HBI at /hour and /hour
respectively, plus expenses). Each party will notify the other immediately by telephone (with
prompt, written follow-up) of any inquiry, contact or communication received from any governmental
regulatory agency or other official body which adversely relates to or impacts upon the Products
or any component or ingredient thereof (including, without limitation, any issuance of any
Registration administrative decree relating to a recall of the Products or the imposition of any
post marketing surveillance period), and will promptly furnish the other party with copies of all
written communications relating thereto sent to or received from such regulatory agency. HBI will
keep Avanir informed of the status of the Registration efforts on a current basis and will furnish
Avanir, upon Avanir s reasonable request, copies of all of the documents, data and other
information supplied to or received from the government in the Territory or other any approval
authority in connection with the Registration. Avanir will have the right to be informed of, and
upon HBI s request, will participate in and attend discussions regarding any Registration in the
Territory or any administrative decree. Upon receipt of the Registrations, HBI will promptly
furnish Avanir copies or other evidence thereof.

Section 4.03 Adverse Event Data Exchange . In the event that either party or its
Affiliates or licensees (or, in HBI s case, sub-licensees) obtains, directly or indirectly,
information, data, inquiries complaints or reports on any Adverse Events (as defined in accordance
with ICH Guidelines) relevant to a Product during the development, marketing and distribution of
any of the Products, such party will disclose, as soon as reasonably practicable and, in
accordance with applicable laws, such information and data to the other party. In any event, each
party shall inform the other party of any Adverse Event of which it becomes aware in a timely
manner commensurate with the seriousness of the Adverse Event and in compliance with ICH
Guidelines. HBI will be

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

9 

responsible for reporting all Adverse Events to the appropriate
regulatory authorities in the countries in the Territory in accordance with the appropriate laws
and regulations of the relevant countries and authorities and Avanir or its other licensees will
be responsible for reporting all
Adverse Events to the appropriate regulatory authorities in the countries outside the Territory.
HBI will ensure that its Affiliates and sublicensees comply with all such reporting obligations,
and Avanir will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that its Affiliates and other
licensees comply with all such reporting obligations.

Section 4.04 Labeling. HBI agrees that (a) in any part of the Territory, the Product s
packaging and all Product labeling will only be in the primary languages of the country(ies) where
the Product is being sold, and (b) in any country of the Territory where there is a Licensed
Patent, the word patented will appear on the Product s packaging in a place determined by HBI in
its sole discretion, in each case to the extent practicable and permissible under any applicable
law.

Article V. ALLOCATIONS OF RESPONSIBILITIES AND RISKS. 

Section 5.01 Commercialization Manufacturing of Products . HBI will use all
commercially reasonable efforts to apply its marketing and sales expertise to maximize the sale of
the Products in the Territory as soon as is reasonably practical. Such efforts shall include that
the First Commercial Sale will occur no later than months after the receipt of all
regulatory approvals required to commence sales, including Registration and pricing approvals if
required, in each country, which approvals are received after the Effective Date (each such date,
an Approval Date ). As between Avanir and HBI, throughout the term of this Agreement,
HBI will be solely responsible for and entitled to (and Avanir shall refrain from and shall not
assist or procure any Affiliate or Third Party unless at the request of HBI to): (a) manufacture
or have manufactured the Products for distribution and sale in the Territory and any related
packaging, (b) acquire or cause to be acquired all manufacturing equipment and licenses,
including, without limitation, plant, equipment and facilities licenses and approvals, necessary
to enable the manufacture and testing of the Products, (c) obtaining any required importation
licenses or approvals for importation of bulk Docosanol or fully manufactured Products into the
Territory, (d) report matters regarding the manufacture of Products to relevant regulatory
authorities and handle and respond to any appropriate governmental agency inspections with respect
to manufacturing of Products, all in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

Section 5.02 WARRANTIES .

(a) Avanir represents that it owns the Know-How and the Licensed Patents and has all power
and authority necessary to grant the licenses and rights to HBI under this Agreement.

(b) Avanir further warrants and represents that there is nothing in any Third Party agreement
Avanir has entered into as of the Effective Date which, in any way, will limit Avanir s ability to
perform all of the obligations undertaken by Avanir hereunder, and that it will not enter into any
Agreement after the Effective Date under which Avanir would incur any such limitations.

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

10 

(c) Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a warranty that Licensed Patents are
valid or enforceable as of the Effective Date, or that they will be so during the term of this
Agreement; provided, however, that Avanir hereby warrants and represents that it has no present
knowledge from which it can be inferred that Licensed Patents are invalid or that their exercise
would infringe patent rights of Third Parties, and that the Licensed Patents have been filed,
prosecuted and maintained in good faith to date. Avanir further warrants and represents that it
has no present knowledge from which it can be inferred that the use of or the process of
manufacturing Product, and all intermediates of such process, will infringe patent rights of Third
Parties in any country in the Territory.

(d) Avanir warrants and represents that, it has furnished to HBI, or will, pursuant to
Article 2 hereof, furnish to HBI, copies of all clinical information and correspondence with
regulatory authorities in the Territory relevant to Products that are in the possession of Avanir
as of the Effective Date.

(e) Avanir warrants and represents that the officers of Avanir have no present knowledge of
the existence of any pre-clinical or clinical results or findings concerning the Product which it
has not provided to HBI prior to the Effective Date and which results or findings in Avanir s
reasonable opinion, evidences any issue of quality, toxicity, safety and/or efficacy that would
materially impair marketing and sale of the Product.

(f) AVANIR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY OTHER WARRANTY AND ESPECIALLY WITH RESPECT TO (A) THE
QUALITY, EFFICACY OR EFFICIENCY OF THE PRODUCTS, DATA OR OTHER INFORMATION TO BE DELIVERED UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT; AND (B) MERCHANTABILITY OF ANY DATA, PRODUCTS OR KNOW-HOW, OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL OF THE FOREGOING.

Section 5.03 Limitation of Liability . TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER
HBI NOR AVANIR WILL BE LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY FOR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS, SERVICES, TECHNOLOGY OR RIGHTS OR FOR ANY INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. NEITHER
AVANIR NOR HBI WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY AMOUNTS AGGREGATING IN EXCESS OF THE AMOUNTS PAID TO IT (FOR
AVANIR) OR BY IT (FOR HBI) HEREUNDER, PROVIDED THAT THIS LIMITATION SHALL NOT APPLY TO THE
INDEMNITIES SET OUT IN SECTION 5.04 .

Section 5.04 Indemnification. 

(a) Notice of Indemnified Claims . If during the term of this Agreement, either party
receives notice of or becomes aware of any Third Party claim against such party or its Affiliates
or sublicensees, which claim is subject to indemnification by the other party under this
 Section 5.04 (an Indemnified Claim ), such party seeking indemnification will
promptly inform the other party of such claim and all relevant and applicable facts relating
thereto in writing.

11 

(b) Defense of Indemnified Claims . Upon receiving a notification of an Indemnified
Claim, the indemnifying party will have sole discretion with respect to and will solely control,
at the indemnifying party s expense, the defense of any such Indemnified Claim. The indemnifying
party will keep the indemnified party fully informed regarding the status of any negotiations or
suits relating to such Indemnified Claim. The indemnified party will cooperate fully with the
indemnifying party and will offer such assistance to the indemnifying party as the indemnifying
party requests in connection with the defense of any such Indemnified Claim at no charge to the
indemnifying party, except for reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
rendering such assistance. The indemnifying party will have the right to join the indemnified
party as a party to any lawsuit relating to such Indemnified Claim at the indemnifying party s
expense and the indemnified party will have the right to be represented therein by legal counsel
of its own choice at the indemnified party s expense. The indemnifying party will not settle any
such suit if such settlement would have an affect on the rights of the indemnified party without
obtaining the prior written consent of the indemnified party, which consent will not be
unreasonably withheld. The indemnifying party s obligation to indemnify under this Section
5.04 will not apply to the extent that the party seeking indemnification (i) failed to comply
with the obligations under this Section 5.04 ; or (ii) contributed to such loss, damage,
injury, liability or claim by any act, or by an omission to perform some duty imposed by law, this
Agreement or other contract between the parties, on the indemnified party. The indemnification
rights of either party under this Section 5.04 will be the sole remedy for any claims for
which either such party seeks indemnification under this Section 5.04 .

(c) Indemnification of Avanir by HBI. HBI will defend, indemnify and hold harmless
Avanir, its successors, assigns, officers, directors, employees and agents from any and all
claims, causes of action, losses, liabilities and expenses (including, but not limited to,
reasonable attorneys fees) to Third Parties (including Avanir s employees and any sublicensee)
arising out of any personal injury, death, environmental damage or property damage resulting from
HBI s creation, manufacture, Registration, marketing, promotion, distribution and/or sale of
Docosanol or Products or any other of HBI s acts or omissions in relation to (i) any defects in
design, materials or workmanship of any kind or (ii) failure to comply with any applicable laws or
misappropriation of any Third Party rights related to the manufacture, labeling, marketing,
advertising, distribution, transportation, sale and use of the Docosanol or Products by HBI or its
Affiliates or sublicensees or by any Third Party acting under any contract with HBI or with HBI s
knowledge, consent or approval, or (c) claims that any HBI trademark used by it in relation to the
Products infringes any trademark rights owned by a Third Party.

(d) Indemnification of HBI by Avanir . Avanir will defend, indemnify and hold
harmless HBI, its successors, assigns, officers, directors, employees and agents from any and all
claims, causes of action, losses, liabilities and expenses (including, but not limited to,
reasonable attorneys fees) to Third Parties (including HBI s employees and any sublicensee)
arising out of any personal injury, death, environmental damage or property damage resulting from
Avanir s failure to comply with any applicable laws, or claims that HBI s approved use or sale of
Products infringes any patent or similar right owned by a Third Party in the Territory. If an
action is commenced by a Third Party against HBI seeking a preliminary or permanent injunction
with respect to the use of the Products by HBI and Avanir is unable to either obtain a written
opinion of patent counsel that HBI is not infringing the third-party s patent, or that such patent
is invalid, or a license to such Third Party s patent, despite use of best efforts, then HBI will
cease any such infringement or misappropriation unless it will release Avanir from any
indemnification

12 

obligations arising out of subsequent infringement by HBI. Avanir shall further
defend, indemnify and hold harmless HBI, its successors, assigns, officers, directors, employees
and agents from any and all claims, causes of action, losses, liabilities and expenses (including,
but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees) to Third Parties (including Avanir s employees and
any sublicensee) arising out of any personal injury, death, environmental damage or property
damage resulting from Avanir s creation, manufacture, Registration, marketing, promotion,
distribution and/or sale of Docosanol or Products outside of the Territory, including in relation
to (i) any defects in design,
materials or workmanship of any kind or (ii) failure to comply with any applicable laws or
misappropriation of any Third Party rights, related to the manufacture, labeling, marketing,
advertising, distribution, transportation, sale and use of the Products by Avanir or its
Affiliates or sublicensees or by any Third Party acting under any contract with Avanir or with
Avanir s knowledge, consent or approval, or (c) claims that any Avanir trademark infringes any
trademark rights owned by a Third Party.

Section 5.05 Insurance . To provide each indemnified party under this Agreement with
adequate assurance of indemnification, for the term of this Agreement and for a period of five
years after the expiration of this Agreement or its earlier termination, each party will obtain
and maintain, at its sole cost and expense, product liability insurance in amounts, which are
reasonable and customary in the local pharmaceutical industry considering the respective size and
activities of the two parties. Such product liability insurance will insure against all
liability, including liability for personal injury, physical injury and property damage. Each
party will provide written proof of the existence of such insurance to the other party upon
request.

Section 5.06 Compliance with Export and Other Laws . Each party to this Agreement hereby
covenants to comply with, and the performance of the terms of this Agreement will be subject to
all applicable treaties, laws, statutes, rules and regulations of any federal, state or local
governmental entity or instrumentality, including without limitation, the provisions of the USA
Export Administration Act of 1969, as amended.

Article VI. TERM TERMINATION 

Section 6.01 Term . Unless otherwise terminated as set forth below, the term of this
Agreement will commence on the date of this Agreement and will continue until and automatically
expire, on a country by country basis upon the later to occur of (a) the 15th anniversary of the
First Commercial Sale in each respective country of the Territory or (b) the date the last claim
of any Licensed Patent licensed under this Agreement expires or is invalidated that covers sales
of Products in each such country of the Territory. Upon expiration of the term of this Agreement
in each such country of the Territory, HBI will thereafter retain a fully paid-up perpetual,
irrevocable, royalty-free, exclusive license under the Intellectual Property and Know-how in such
country.

Section 6.02 Material Breach by HBI . If HBI materially breaches, materially defaults or
otherwise materially fails to perform under the terms of this Agreement, Avanir may terminate this
Agreement by giving days advanced written notice, unless HBI will cure such breach,
default or failure of performance within such day period or (where it is not reasonably
possible to cure within such period) within such longer period as may be reasonable in all the
circumstances

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

13 

provided that HBI is continuing to use its reasonable endeavors to cure such breach.
For the avoidance of doubt, a failure of HBI to (i) prepare and file the application for
Registration in at least countries of the Territory within months after the Effective Date
or (ii) complete the First Commercial Sale of Products in each country by the month
anniversary of the relevant Approval Date will each be considered a breach of this Agreement,
entitling Avanir to terminate the Agreement as provided herein but, in the case of (ii), only with
respect to the relevant country. For clarity, the parties agree that in the event that HBI in
good faith disputes the existence of a
material breach by HBI, the dispute shall be resolved pursuant to Section 7.06 prior to any
termination pursuant to this Section 6.02 becoming effective, and that during the pendency of any
such proceedings, the parties shall remain bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Section 6.03 Lack of Funding . Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the
contrary, in the event that HBI fails to close a transaction providing funding to HBI in at least
the amount of million within days of the Effective Date, Avanir will have the
right to terminate this Agreement and the licenses granted herein upon days notice, unless HBI
closes such financing within such second -day period.

Section 6.04 Material Breach by Avanir . If Avanir materially breaches, materially
defaults or otherwise materially fails to perform under the terms of this Agreement, HBI may
terminate this Agreement by giving days advanced written notice to Avanir, unless Avanir cures
such breach, default or failure of performance within such day period.

Section 6.05 Continuing Obligations . Termination of this Agreement by either party for any
reason under the terms and conditions of this Agreement will not affect obligations of either
party incurred prior to termination or the right of either party to recover damages from any
breach thereof or affect HBI s obligations to pay Avanir any fees, milestones, or other payments
that have accrued as of the date of such termination. In the event Avanir terminates this
Agreement for non-payment of fees under Section 5 by HBI, all amounts then owing by HBI
will immediately become due and payable.

Section 6.06 Remedies . Upon termination of this Agreement by either party for any reason
under the terms and conditions of this Agreement, neither party will incur any liability
whatsoever for any damage, loss or expenses of any kind suffered or incurred by the other arising
directly and solely from or incident to any termination of this Agreement (or any part thereof) by
such party (whether or not such party is aware of any such damage, loss or expenses) so long as
such party s termination complies with the terms of the Agreement. Termination is not the sole
remedy under this Agreement and, whether or not termination is effected, all other remedies will
remain available.

Section 6.07 Consequences of Termination . Upon termination of this Agreement by either
party prior to the expiration of this Agreement set forth in Section 6.01 :

(a) Licenses . The licenses granted under Section 2.02 will terminate, and
HBI will permanently discontinue all advertising with respect to Products, although HBI may, to
the extent permitted by applicable law, continue to sell Products which it has in inventory at the
time of

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

14 

termination; provided, however, that any such sale will (i) be made at prices and under
terms generally consistent with previous sales of the Products by HBI and (ii) be conducted in a
manner so as not to be harmful to Avanir or the market for the Products. Notwithstanding the
above, HBI may not sell the Products more than days after the effective date of termination.
At Avanir s option, remaining stocks of Products may be bought by Avanir at HBI s standard sale
price. HBI will deliver such stocks at Avanir s direction and expense.

(b) Confidential Information . HBI will return all copies of all of Avanir s
Confidential Information and any other Data relating to the Products.

Article VII. MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 7.01 Publicity . The parties to this Agreement understand that Avanir is a public
company and agree that Avanir may disclose certain matters pertaining to this Agreement as to
enable it to fully comply with USA or Territory securities laws or regulations, which disclosure
may be in the form of public statements, whether oral or written, including, but not limited to,
shareholder reports, communications with stock market analysts, press releases or other
communications with the media. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any press release or other
announcement pertaining to this Agreement by either party will be provided to the other party in
advance for review and approval with such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

Section 7.02 Publications . Neither HBI nor its agents, collaborators or subcontractors
will publish the results of any clinical studies of any Products without the prior approval of
Avanir, which approval of Avanir may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

Section 7.03 Rights to Assign . Neither party will have the right to assign or delegate
this Agreement, or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement (except for Avanir s
rights to payments pursuant to this Agreement) without the other s express written consent, and
such assignment or delegation without such consent will be null and void for all purposes. Avanir
shall not unreasonably withhold its consent to any partial assignment of HBI s rights hereunder
for which payment would accrue in accordance with Section 2.06. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, either Avanir or HBI may assign its entire interest in this Agreement
without any prior consent provided that such assignment is to a wholly-owned Affiliate or part of
the sale or transfer of substantially all of Avanir s or HBI s business related to the Product, or
pursuant to a merger, corporate division, corporate separation or de-merger, as the case may be,
and subject only to HBI s compliance with Section 2.06.

Section 7.04 Notices/Reports . Any reports, notices or other communications required or
permitted to be given by either party to this Agreement will be given in writing by personal
delivery, overnight courier service or facsimile, or by registered or certified air mail, postage
prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed to each respective party at the address shown below.

If to Avanir:

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
11388 Sorrento Valley Road, Suite 200 
San Diego, California 92121 
Attention: Chief Financial Officer 
Facsimile No: (858)-658-7455

15 

If to HBI:

Healthcare Brands International Limited 
6 Queen Anne Street 
London W1G 8LA 
England. 
Attention: CEO 
Facsimile No.: 011-44-2073173106

or to such other address as either party may indicate by proper notice to the other in the same
manner as provided in this Agreement. All notices are deemed effective on the date of receipt or,
if delivery is not accepted, five days after placement with the addressee, an overnight courier
service or a post office, as applicable.

Section 7.05 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be
invalid, void, or unenforceable, then any such provision will be ineffective to the extent
invalid, void or unenforceable, and the remaining provisions of this Agreement will continue in
full force and effect without being impaired or invalidated in any way.

Section 7.06 Dispute Resolution . As a required precondition to terminating the Agreement
or any license granted pursuant to this Agreement or to initiating any legal action, any dispute,
controversy, or claim arising out of this Agreement or its interpretation, performance, breach,
enforcement or termination, or any other claim arising out of the respective rights and duties of
the parties (hereinafter, a Dispute ), will be resolved, to the exclusion of a court of
law, by binding arbitration conducted in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the United
Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL), in effect as of the date hereof. Unless
the parties agree in writing on the appointment of a single arbitrator, the matter will be
referred to three arbitrators; one to be appointed by each party, and the third, who will act as
Chairman, being nominated by the two so selected by the parties. The arbitration decision or
award will be final and binding on the parties, and the parties agree to be bound thereby and to
act accordingly. The arbitration award is to be given by a majority decision; however, if there
be no majority in favor of a single decision or award, the award will be made by the Chairman
alone. The arbitrators will be empowered to award relief which is legal and/or equitable in
nature, as appropriate. The expenses of the proceeding will initially be borne equally by the
parties to the dispute, but the prevailing party in such proceeding will be entitled to recover,
in addition to reasonable attorneys fees and all other expenses, its contribution for the
reasonable fees and expenses of the arbitrator as an item of damage and/or recoverable expenses.
The place of arbitration will be London. The language of such arbitration will be English.
Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court of competent
jurisdiction, or application may be made to such court for judicial acceptance of the award and/or
an order of enforcement as the case may be. The arbitration will be conducted confidentially and
any award may be made public only with the prior written consent of the parties.

16 

Section 7.07 Governing Law . This Agreement will be construed in accordance with the laws
of New York, USA, without giving any effect to the principles of conflict of laws thereof and
without regard to the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.

Section 7.08 Entire Agreement . This Agreement (together with its Exhibits and Schedules)
contains the entire agreement of the parties regarding the subject matter of this Agreement and
supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and negotiations regarding the same. This
Agreement may not be changed, modified, amended or supplemented except by a written instrument
signed by both parties.

Section 7.09 Waiver . The waiver by either party of a breach of any provisions contained
in this Agreement will be in writing and will in no way be construed as a waiver of any succeeding
breach of such provision of the waiver of the provision itself.

Section 7.10 Relationship of the Parties . The relationship between Avanir and HBI under
this Agreement is that of parties to an arms-length negotiated contract. Nothing in this
Agreement is intended or is to be construed so as to create between Avanir and HBI, respectively,
the relationship of partners, or joint venturers, or to establish either party to this Agreement
as the employee or agent of the other party to this Agreement. Neither party to this Agreement
has an express or implied right or authority under this Agreement to make any statement or
commitments of any kind or to assume or to create any obligations on behalf of or in the name of
the other party to this Agreement, or to bind the other party to any contract, agreement or
undertaking with any Third Party.

Section 7.11 Certain Construction Rules . The Article and Section headings used in this
Agreement are for convenience of reference only and in no way define, limit, extend or describe
the scope or intent of any provisions hereof. In addition, as used in this Agreement, unless
otherwise expressly stated to the contrary, (a) all references to days, months or years are
references to calendar days, months or years and (b) any reference to a Section, Article, 
 Exhibit, or Schedule is a reference to a Section or Article of this Agreement or an Exhibit or
Schedule attached to this Agreement. Any reference to a person means any individual,
corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, trust or any other entity or organization of
any kind or character, including a governmental agency.

Section 7.12 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each
of which will be an original, but all of which, when taken together, will constitute one and the
same instrument.

Section 7.13 Further Assurances . Each party agrees to execute, acknowledge and deliver
such further instruments, and do such other acts, as may be necessary and appropriate in order to
carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement.

REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

17 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to this Agreement have executed this Agreement as of the day and
year first written above.

HEALTHCARE BRANDS 

AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS 

INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 

By:

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date:

Date: 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO DOCOSANOL DATA TRANSFER 

PATENT LICENSE AGREEMENT 

18 

SCHEDULE 1.13 

Licensed Patents table follows 

19 

Patent / 

Filing 
 
 Application 
 
 Issue 

Patent title 
 
 Territory 
 
 Status 
 
 date 
 
 Number 
 
 date 

Use of C-20 to C-26
Aliphatic Alcohols
in the Treatment of
Viral Infections

EP

Issued

4/16/90

0469064 

9/29/93 

Use of C-27 to C-32
Aliphatic Alcohols
in Antiviral
Treatment

EP

Issued

4/16/90

0428642 

9/29/93 

Viral inhibition by
long-chain
alcohols, alkanes,
fatty acids and
amides

EP

Issued

09/10/97

1001759 

7/20/05 

Viral inhibition by
long-chain
alcohols, alkanes,
fatty acids and
amides

Poland

Issued

9/10/97

189618 

1/5/05 

Synergistic
inhibition of viral
replication by
long-chain
hydrocarbons and
nucleoside analogs

Russian Federation

Issued

3/8/2000

2251415 

5/10/05 

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

1 

Patent / 

Filing 
 
 Application 
 
 Issue 

Patent title 
 
 Territory 
 
 Status 
 
 date 
 
 Number 
 
 date 

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

2 

SCHEDULE 2 

DEFERRED COMPENSATION

With respect to any transaction resulting in an Event listed in the table below which commences
during the term of this Agreement (a Transaction ), HBI shall pay to Avanir compensation
according to the formula set forth below.

After the first such Event of the kind listed in 3 or 4 below, or of the kind listed in 1 or 2
below if all rights to the Product in all countries in the Territory then controlled by HBI are
sold, no subsequent Event of any kind shall be deemed to trigger any such payment obligation to
Avanir. If Event 1 or 2 occurs in part, but not all of the Territory, or with respect to some,
but not all of HBI s rights to the Product hereunder, and after such sale HBI retains any rights
to the Product in any part of the Territory, any subsequent Event 1 or 2, either in another
country or countries in the Territory, or with respect to other rights to a Product, shall trigger
a payment obligation but only with respect to such other country(ies) and rights, and only if it
occurs prior to an Event listed in 3 or 4 below.

No. 
 
 Event 
 
 Formula 

1

The sale to a Third Party of
HBI s rights to Products
only

x 

2

The sale to a Third Party of
HBI s rights to multiple
products, including the
Product,

X X / 

3

First Sale or Merger of HBI
with a Third Party

X X / 

4

IPO of HBI

Issuance of Shares of HBI to
Avanir in a Dollar value = of
the -money valuation (i.e.,
post-IPO) x / 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that HBI grants a sublicense of, but does not assign/
sell outright, rights to the Products in all or part of the Territory, HBI shall pay to Avanir
 of all relevant received The payment by HBI of the compensation provided in the table
above resulting from any subsequent assignment of all rights to the Product in the relevant
country, or the sale, merger or IPO of HBI under any of the Events above will terminate HBI s
obligation under this paragraph to pay Avanir any subsequent portion of the .

For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge and agree that HBI s use of distributors or
sales or marketing agents shall be neither a sublicense nor a sale of Product rights for purposes
hereof, and thus does not constitute any of the Events described in the table above.

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

1 

Examples:

Case 1:

HBI sells all rights to Product alone in France, Germany and Spain. HBI pays
 of to Avanir. 

HBI is then acquired. HBI pays of X / to Avanir. 

No further payment obligations to Avanir. 

Case 2:

HBI sells all rights to Product in Germany and France. HBI pays of to
Avanir. 

HBI then sells all remaining rights to Product in rest of Territory in subsequent
transaction. HBI pays of to Avanir. 

No further payment obligation to Avanir, even upon Sale of HBI or IPO of HBI. 

Case 3:

HBI sublicenses rights to Product in Germany and France but retains rights in rest of
the Territory. HBI pays of to Avanir. 

HBI then sells all remaining rights to Product (but not the Germany and France
rights). HBI pays of to Avanir. HBI continues to pay of to Avanir. 

Case 4:

HBI sublicenses rights to Product in Germany and France but retains rights in rest of
the Territory. HBI pays of to Avanir. 

HBI then is sold or merged (as an Event 3) or goes public (as an Event 4) HBI pays
Avanir as shown on the table for Events 3 or 4, as relevant. HBI (including any
successor to HBI) is no longer required to pay of to Avanir. 

Case 5:

HBI sublicenses rights to Product in Germany and France but retains rights in rest of
the Territory. HBI pays of to Avanir. 

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

2 

HBI then sells all remaining rights (including Germany and France rights) to Product.
HBI pays of Proceeds to Avanir. HBI (including any assignee of HBI) is no
longer required to pay of to Avanir. 

Definitions:

Net Product Sales means gross revenues from sales by or on behalf of HBI of Products to third
parties in the relevant Territory, less , and and , in the twelve
calendar months ended prior to the closing of the relevant Transaction.

License Receipts means the total of any , or received from a sublicensee as
consideration for the grant of a sublicense to the Product.

Net Total Sales means Net Product Sales sales by or on behalf of HBI of not licensed
under this Agreement, in the twelve calendar months ended prior to the closing of the relevant
Transaction.

M A Proceeds means the gross amount of any consideration, in any form or kind, received by HBI
or HBI s shareholders in connection with the sale, merger or change of control of HBI, net of
reasonable out-of-pocket legal fees, finders fees and broker fees paid (but not in any event to
exceed of such gross amount of consideration), as evidenced by HBI in reasonable detail;
 provided that the compensation paid to Avanir shall be comprised of the same cash or
non-cash type and ratio of consideration payable to HBI or HBI s shareholders generally, and shall
be paid at the same time or times as received. In the event that the M A Proceeds is not in the
form of cash or publicly traded securities, then if the parties cannot agree on the value of M A
Proceeds, they will engage a mutually agreeable Third Party to determine such valuation.

Sale Proceeds means the gross amount of any consideration, in any form or kind, received by HBI
as consideration for the sale of the Product rights to a Third Party, net of reasonable
out-of-pocket legal fees, finders fees and broker fees (but not in any event to exceed of
such gross amount of consideration), as evidenced by HBI in reasonable detail; provided 
that the compensation paid to Avanir shall be comprised of the same cash or non-cash type and
ratio of consideration payable to HBI generally, and shall be paid at the same time or times as
received. .

PROCESS

1.1 
 
 HBI shall submit its draft determination of the amount payable pursuant to the above formula
to Avanir within Business Days of completion of the relevant Transaction, following which
Avanir shall have Business Days within which to submit a written notification of its
acceptance or non-acceptance of the amount. If Avanir does not so notify HBI within 
Business Days of delivery of the draft determination, or if Avanir notifies HBI that it
accepts the draft determination, then Avanir will be deemed to have accepted the draft
determination with respect to such Transaction. 

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

3 

1.2 
 
 If Avanir notifies HBI of any objection then: 

1.2.1 
 
 Avanir will set out in reasonable detail their reasons for such non-acceptance and specify
the adjustments that in its opinion should be made to the draft determination and provide
supporting evidence for each such adjustment; 

1.2.2 
 
 Avanir will provide the HBI with access to all such documents and working papers relating to
its preparation of the reasons for non-acceptance and proposed adjustments to the draft
determination; and 

1.2.3 
 
 HBI and Avanir will respectively use all reasonable endeavors to reach agreement upon the
adjustments needed to meet the objections of Avanir. 

1.3 
 
 If Avanir and HBI do not reach agreement within Business Days after service of
the notice to HBI of non-acceptance, then the matter(s) in dispute will be referred to the
decision of a single independent chartered accountant or an independent firm of chartered
accountants (in either case, the Independent Accountant that is mutually agreeable to both
parties. The Independent Accountant (whose costs will be shared equally by the parties) will
act as expert (and not as arbitrator) and the decision of the Independent Accountant shall (in
the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the parties. It is the parties 
intention that the Independent Accountant will perform his task within Business Days if
practicable and they shall encourage him to do so. 

1.4 
 
 Avanir and HBI will use all reasonable endeavors to provide all such working papers,
documents and other information as is requested by the Independent Accountant and will procure
that the Independent Accountant is requested to state, when giving his decision on the
matter(s) referred to him, what adjustments (if any) need to be made to the draft
determination. 

1.5 
 
 If Avanir and HBI reach agreement on (or Avanir is deemed to have accepted) the draft
determination or if a revised determination is finally determined at any stage in the
procedure, the determination as so agreed or determined will provide the amount payable to
Avanir (as applicable) within Business Days upon reaching agreement and shall be final and
binding on Avanir and HBI. 

1.6 
 
 Avanir and HBI will pay their own costs and expenses in connection with the preparation and
agreement of the draft determination or any objections thereto including, where applicable,
any costs associated with presentation of their cases to the Independent Accountant. 

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

4 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.22>
 5
 a25225exv10w22.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.22

Exhibit 10.22 

Exhibit 10.22 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT WERE OMITTED AND REPLACED WITH . A COMPLETE
VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT UNDER RULE 24B-2 OF THE
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.

DEVELOPMENT 
AND 
LICENSE AGREEMENT 

between 

Eurand, Inc. 

and 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

For a Controlled Release Neurodex Capsule 

CONFIDENTIAL

DEVELOPMENT AND LICENSE AGREEMENT 

PREAMBLE 

THIS DEVELOPMENT AND LICENSE AGREEMENT (the Agreement , as hereinafter defined) dated as of
August 7, 2006 (the Effective Date ), is by and between Eurand, Inc., incorporated in Nevada with
its principal offices at 845 Center Dr., Vandalia, Ohio 45377 EURAND and Avanir
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. incorporated in California with its principal offices at 11388 Sorrento
Valley Road, Suite 200, San Diego, CA 92121 AVANIR ).

RECITALS: 

A. EURAND is the owner or licensee of certain technology including processes, patents, trade
secrets, trademarks and know-how for the development and manufacture of orally administered
pharmaceutical formulations, including controlled release technologies.

B. AVANIR desires that EURAND undertake a development project Program , as hereinafter
defined) directed towards developing a pharmaceutical product Product , as hereinafter defined).

C. AVANIR also desires to receive a license from EURAND to use, sell and offer for sale the
Product in the Territory (as hereinafter defined).

D. EURAND is willing to undertake such a Program and to grant such a license on the terms and
conditions set forth hereinafter.

E. EURAND and AVANIR also desire to enter into a related agreement pursuant to which EURAND
will exclusively manufacture and supply the Product to AVANIR and/or its sublicensees in the
Territory.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements and covenants hereinafter set forth and
intending to be legally bound hereby, EURAND and AVANIR hereto agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS . The following capitalized terms shall have the following meanings when
used in this Agreement and all terms defined in the singular will have the same meanings when used
in the plural (and vice versa), unless otherwise specified. Further, the word including 
or any variation thereof means including without limitation and the word including or
any variation thereof will not be construed to limit any general statement which it follows to the
specific or similar items or matters immediately following it.

1.1 AAA shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.15(a).

1.2 Act means the United States Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended from
time to time.

1.3 Action shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.7(b).

1.4 Affiliate means, with reference to any Entity, any other Entity, directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Entity and, for purposes of
this Section 1.4

only, control means (a) in the case of corporate Entities direct or indirect beneficial
ownership of more than fifty percent (50 of the voting stock or shares entitled to vote for the
election of directors, (b) in the case of non-corporate Entities direct or indirect ownership of
more than fifty percent (50 of the equity interest with the power to direct the management and
policies of such non-corporate Entities and (c) in the case of any other Entity, the right or power
to appoint more than one-half of the Board of Directors or senior management of an Entity or
otherwise having effective control of the Entity.

1.5 Agreement means this Development and License Agreement, together with all
exhibits annexed hereto.

1.6 API or APIs means the active pharmaceutical ingredient
dextromethorphan hydrobromide (Chemical Abstracts Registry #125-69-9) or quinidine sulfate
(Chemical Abstracts Registry #56-54-2) separately, or dextromethorphan hydrobromide and quinidine
sulfate together.

1.7 Applicable Laws means the applicable provisions of all laws, treaties,
ordinances, judgments, decrees, directives, injunctions, orders of any court, arbitrator or
governmental agency or authority, rules, regulations, interpretations, authorizations and
Applicable Permits of any international, national, regional, local or other governmental body,
agency, authority, court or Entity having jurisdiction over or related to the development,
registration, manufacture, pricing, sale and use of the Product, as may be in effect from time to
time.

1.8 Applicable Permits means all waivers, exemptions, variances, permits, licenses
or similar approvals, including, without limitation, pricing clearances and registrations by health
or other government entities, required to be obtained or maintained under Applicable Laws in
connection with the development, registration, manufacture, pricing, marketing, sale and use of the
Product.

1.9 Approval Date means the date on which Regulatory Approval is granted for the
Product on a country by country basis in the Territory.

1.10 AVANIR Development Activities shall have the meaning set forth in Section
2.1(f).

1.11 AVANIR Intellectual Property Rights means those intellectual property rights of
AVANIR or any of its Affiliates, including the Patent Rights relating to the Drug Combination that
are used in connection with or embodied in the Product including the patents and applications set
forth in Exhibit C hereto.

1.12 Business Day means any day other than a day which is a Saturday, a Sunday or
any day banks are authorized or required to be closed in Ohio, California, or Italy.

1.13 Calendar Day means any day, including Saturdays, Sundays and holidays.

1.14 Calendar Quarter means each of the consecutive three (3) month periods ending
March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31; provided, however, that the first
(1 st Calendar Quarter under this Agreement will be the period beginning on the
Effective Date and ending on the end of the Calendar Quarter in which the Effective Date is
encompassed.

1.15 Calendar Year means, for the first Calendar Year, the period beginning on the
Effective Date and ending December 31, 2006, and for each Calendar Year thereafter, each successive
period beginning on January 1 and ending twelve (12) consecutive calendar months later on December
31; provided, however, that the last Calendar Year of the Term will be the period beginning on
January 1 and ending on the effective date of expiration or termination of the Term.

CONFIDENTIAL

2 

1.16 cGMP or GMP means FDA current Good Manufacturing Practices as in
effect at any given time, based on statutory authority and presently set forth as regulations in
Parts 210 and 211 of the United States Code of Federal Regulations and all applicable FDA rules,
regulations, guides and guidances, as amended from time to time and in effect during the Term.

1.17 Clinical Studies means any testing, use or administration of the CTM or Product
in animals or humans in preparation for obtaining Regulatory Approval to commercialize Product in
the Territory, including, but not limited to, bioequivalence studies, pharmacokinetic studies,
and/or clinical efficacy studies.

1.18 Combination Product(s) shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.44.

1.19 Commercially Reasonable Efforts or Commercially Reasonable means,
with respect to either Party, the efforts, resources, and criteria which would be used by that
Party consistent with prevailing pharmaceutical industry standards for a company of similar size
and scope to such Party with respect to a product or potential product at a similar stage in its
development or product life and of similar market potential taking into account efficacy, safety,
the anticipated regulatory authority approved labeling, the competitiveness of alternative products
in the market place or under development, the patent and other proprietary position of the Product
and of Third Parties, the likelihood of obtaining all Applicable Permits, and the commercial value
of the Product and other relevant factors.

1.20 Commercial Supply Agreement means that agreement to be negotiated and entered
by the Parties pursuant to Section 3.3.

1.21 Competitive Product means any which is not .

1.22 Confidential Information shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.2.

1.23 CTM (i.e., clinical trial material means presentations and quantities of the
Product that meet the Specifications and have been produced under cGMP conditions for use in
Clinical Studies.

1.24 Cure Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.6(a).

1.25 Data means all data resulting from AVANIR s in vitro testing or Clinical Studies.

1.26 Development Milestones means the events defined in Section 6.3.

1.27 Development Payments means the payments due EURAND upon achieving the
Development Milestones under Section 6.3.

1.28 DMF means the Drug Master File developed and filed with the FDA by EURAND which
relates to and describes the composition and manufacture of the Product (including all
manufacturing batch records, stability information, quality control and assurance assays and
procedures for the Product that are reasonably necessary for the chemistry and manufacturing
controls section of an NDA.

1.29 Drug Combination means any combination of the APIs.

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

3 

1.30 Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

1.31 Entity or Entities means any individual, partnership, association,
joint venture, limited liability company, corporation or other business entity.

1.32 EURAND Development Activities means those activities to be carried out by
EURAND in connection with the Program.

1.33 EURAND Intellectual Property Rights means those intellectual property rights
which are or to , or any of on and as of the Effective Date,
 the and , that are or in the and its the and .

1.34 EURAND Trademark License shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.6.

1.35 EURAND Trademarks shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.6.

1.36 FDA means the United States Food and Drug Administration, and corresponding
governmental regulatory agencies in other countries within the Territory.

1.37 First Commercial Sale means the first bona fide sale, in the normal course of
business, of the Product for use or consumption by the general public after the Approval Date.

1.38 Force Majeure means any cause or causes which wholly or partially prevent or
delay the performance of obligations arising under this Agreement. and which are not reasonably
within the control of the non-performing Party and cannot be prevented by applying due care and
economically appropriate means, including but not limited to, fire, floods, explosions, embargoes,
epidemics, war, acts of war (whether war is declared or not), insurrections, riots, civil
commotions, terrorism, the existence or administration of any laws, rules or regulations, strikes,
lockouts or other labor disturbances, acts of God or acts, omissions or delays in acting by any
governmental authority or the other Party.

1.39 Formulation means both (i) the identification and selection of ingredients,
including the Drug Combination, , and (ii) the EURAND Patent Rights and Know-How solely related
to the Product and improvements thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, the definition of Formulation
herein does not include (i) any AVANIR Intellectual Property Rights or (ii) any EURAND Intellectual
Property Rights that existed prior to the Effective Date, or methods, conditions, or batch records
related to the manufacture of the Product. As between EURAND and AVANIR, EURAND shall own the
Formulation, the , and EURAND shall have no rights in the Drug Combination standing
alone.

1.40 GAAP means either Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United
States, International Financial Reporting Standards or an alternative set of internationally
recognized accounting standards mutually acceptable to both Parties.

1.41 IP shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.7.

1.42 Know-How means proprietary and confidential know-how, trade secrets, patented
and unpatented inventions, data, formulations, methods, technology and information of a Party.
 Know-How shall include, without limitation, ideas, designs, processes, techniques, innovations,
discoveries,

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

4 

improvements, and/or analytical methodology used in development, testing, analysis,
manufacture and/or medical, clinical, toxicological testing as well as other scientific data.

1.43 NDA means a New Drug Application under the Act in the United States.

1.44 Net Sales means the aggregate gross sales of the Product invoiced directly by
AVANIR, its Affiliates or sublicensees on a country by country basis, in each case on an
arms-length basis, less:

(a) ;

(b) ;

(c) ;

(d) ;

(e) ;

(f) ;

(g) ;

(h) ;

(i) , and in connection with the of the Product to and to the extent such
 are remitted to the ; and

(j) to the extent included in the invoice price and separately identified on the invoice
or other documentation maintained in the ordinary course of business; each of the above, as
determined in accordance with GAAP.

In the event that AVANIR, its Affiliates or their sublicensees sell a Product together with any
other distinct product or active ingredient that does not comprise a Product Combination
Product(s) pursuant to an agreement with an independent customer specifying (i) a
single price, (ii) other terms of purchase not separately identifying either a price for the
Product or the discounts, allowances, credits and similar adjustments applicable to a sale of the
Product or (iii) a price for the Product which is discounted below the average sale price per unit
of the Product not sold as a Combination Product during the applicable Calendar Quarter in a
particular country more than the amount that all other products are discounted below such other
product s average sale price per unit not sold as a Combination Product during the applicable
Calendar Quarter in a particular country, the Net Sales of the Product, for the purposes of
determining the Royalty, shall be determined by multiplying the Net Sales of the Combination
Product by the fraction, A/(A B), where A is the average sale price per unit of the Product during
the applicable Calendar Quarter in a particular country when sold separately in finished form and B
is the average sale price per unit of the other product(s) during the applicable Calendar Quarter
in that same country sold separately in finished form. In the event that such average sale price
per unit cannot be determined for both the Product and the other product(s) in combination, Net
Sales for purposes of determining the Royalty shall be agreed by the Parties based on the relative
value contributed by each

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

5 

component, such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld nor shall such agreement have the effect
of reducing the Net Sales of the Product by more than fifty percent (50 ). Failing agreement on
such relative value contribution within Calendar Days from written notice
from one Party to the other, the dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Agreement shall be
employed.

1.45 means a and the to the current .

1.46 Nonparticipating Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.7(d).

1.47 Party means either EURAND or AVANIR, or their successors as the case may be,
and Parties means EURAND and AVANIR, collectively.

1.48 Patent Rights means patents and applications for patents including
continuations, divisionals, reissues, re-examinations, and patents issuing from these and any
foreign counterparts thereof.

1.49 Pilot Clinical Study means the first Clinical Study whereby AVANIR is seeking
to of the Product.

1.50 Pivotal Clinical Study means a Clinical Study whereby AVANIR is seeking to 
the of the Product.

1.51 PK Profile shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(d).

1.52 Pre-Registration Activities means those activities that are necessary
prerequisites to the preparation and filing of the NDA for the Product with the FDA consisting of:
(i) filing and/or updating the DMF, (ii) completing stability studies as necessary for such NDA
filing, and (iii) conducting Clinical Studies.

1.53 Product means the .

1.54 Product Rights shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.4.

1.55 Program means the development work conducted by both Parties under this
Agreement as specified in the Proposal and such other work as mutually agreed upon by the Parties
from time to time during the Term, including, without limitation, any additional work associated
with changes agreed under Section 2.2.

1.56 Program Initiation means the initiation of the EURAND Development Activities
within five (5) Business Days of August 21, 2006.

1.57 Proposal shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b).

1.58 Regulatory Approval means granting of all the Applicable Permits necessary for
the commercialization of the Product including, but not limited to pricing, in a country of the
Territory.

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

6 

1.59 Regulatory Filings means any filing under the Act in the United States, or a
corresponding filing required in other countries of the Territory, in which AVANIR, or its
sublicensee, is seeking Applicable Permits, including any NDA.

1.60 Royalty means the royalties due EURAND on Net Sales of the Product by or on
behalf of AVANIR, its Affiliates or any sublicensee in accordance with Section 10.

1.61 Sales Milestones means the events defined in Section 6.4.

1.62 Specifications means the specifications for the Product as agreed upon in
writing and as amended from time to time by the Parties.

1.63 Stage means the subsections under the EURAND Development Activities as outlined
in the Proposal.

1.64 Sublicensing Revenue means with respect to Product only, any fees, including
without limitation, up-front, milestone, or other license, marketing, development, or technology
access payments or other consideration received by AVANIR or its Affiliates,
 , from a sublicensee, or acquirer in the event of a divestment pursuant to
Section 7.4, in conjunction with any sublicense or commercialization agreement regarding the
Product. For the avoidance of doubt, Sublicensing Revenue (i) shall not include (ii) shall
include , and (iii) shall not include provided .

1.65 Term shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.1.

1.66 Territory means the world.

1.67 Third Party means any Entity other than EURAND or AVANIR or their respective
Affiliates.

1.68 Third Party Infringement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.7(a).

1.69 Third Party Payments shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.1(c).

1.70 Trademark means trademarks, trade names, brand names, copyrights, logo types,
symbols, service marks, designs, domain names and URLs, including, without limitation,
registrations and applications for registrations thereof and all renewals, modifications and
extensions thereof.

1.71 United States means the United States of America, its territories, possessions,
and jurisdictions in commonwealth with it.

1.72 means means (i) in an and within the , (ii) a in to to
 , or (iii) any in that is or to that has ; in each case provided that
such (a) or not , (b) , or or in a of a or that is or 
the for and (c) has .

2. PROGRAM 

2.1 General .

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

7 

(a) AVANIR hereby engages EURAND, and EURAND hereby agrees to conduct the EURAND Development
Activities in accordance with the Program, the Specifications, and the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.

(b) The EURAND Development Activities will be conducted as initially set forth in the product
development proposal (attached as Exhibit A Proposal )). EURAND shall assign
professionally qualified personnel to perform the EURAND Development Activities and shall perform
the EURAND Development Activities in compliance with the requirements of Applicable Laws, including
cGMPs when appropriate. EURAND may delegate all or any portion of the EURAND Development
Activities to one or more of EURAND s Affiliates, provided that any such Affiliate will be bound by
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and that EURAND shall remain responsible for its
obligations under this Agreement.

(c) EURAND shall initiate the EURAND Development Activities promptly after the Effective Date,
and EURAND shall carry out the EURAND Development Activities in accordance with the proposed
timelines. AVANIR shall cooperate with EURAND in carrying out the Program. Each Party shall make
available such of its scientific, regulatory, clinical, engineering, manufacturing and other
personnel necessary to perform its respective responsibilities in accordance with the terms hereof.

(d) Prior to the completion of Stage 1 of the Proposal the Parties shall meet and agree in
writing on the pharmacokinetic profile (the PK Profile and reasonable acceptance criteria (e.g.,
including the acceptable deviation from the agreed upon PK Profile) to be pursued in the Pilot
Clinical Study.

(e) With the exception of activities, EURAND shall pertaining to
an the Proposal without . AVANIR shall not be liable for any costs or expenses incurred by
EURAND or any other payments set forth in this Agreement in respect of conducted in .

(f) AVANIR, at its sole discretion and expense, will be solely responsible for, conducting all
aspects of the development of the Program other than the EURAND Development Activities (the AVANIR
Development Activities ), including, without limitation, determining the clinical and regulatory
strategy for the Product, the conduct of any and all Clinical Studies, and the filing and
maintenance of all Regulatory Filings, with the exception of the filing and maintenance of the DMF.

(g) The Parties shall use prudence and reasonable care in the use, handling, storage,
transportation, disposition and containment of the APIs, Formulation, CTM, and Product resulting
from the EURAND Development Activities. The Parties agree that the APIs, Formulation, CTM, and
Product will be used in compliance with all applicable statues and regulations, including without
limitation those governing disposal of hazardous materials.

(h) In connection with the EURAND Development Activities, AVANIR shall procure and supply to
EURAND, such quantities of the APIs which EURAND may reasonably require, or as otherwise agreed in
writing between the Parties. . Prior to receipt by EURAND of the APIs, AVANIR shall provide
EURAND with all material information in AVANIR s possession pertaining to procedures and warnings
for the safe handling and use of the APIs, including, without limitation, material data safety
sheets, and update the same during the course of the Agreement. AVANIR shall provide the APIs to
EURAND at no cost to EURAND and such APIs shall meet AVANIR s established specifications for the
APIs. AVANIR shall deliver to EURAND with each such shipment of API a

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

8 

certificate
of analysis stating that the API meets its specifications and has been
manufactured in accordance with cGMP. Title and risk of loss for all APIs supplied to EURAND by
AVANIR in accordance herewith, other than due to EURAND s negligence, shall be and remain at all
times with AVANIR. For the purposes of initiating the EURAND Development Activities, AVANIR shall
provide EURAND with of each API.

2.2 Program Changes . The Parties acknowledge that the nature of the development
process is such that modifications to the Program (including modifications relating to the
acquisition of additional equipment and materials) may be desirable or reasonably necessary at
certain times for regulatory, legal, commercial or other reasons. In the event that either of the
Parties believes that changes to the Program are required, that Party shall promptly notify the
other Party in writing of the exact nature of such changes and the specific reasons therefor. The
Parties shall then meet promptly to discuss the changes that may be needed. If the Parties agree
that changes in the Program are required, the Parties shall amend the Program to reflect the
necessary changes, and also to set out any appropriate change in cost or time necessary to
fulfill the Program. Any mutually agreed increase in cost due to expansion of the Program shall be
borne wholly by AVANIR .

3. SUPPLY OF CLINICAL AND COMMERCIAL MATERIAL 

3.1 Clinical Supply .

(a) The Parties will mutually define specific quantities and timing for the manufacture and
delivery of CTM for any and all Clinical Studies required during the Program and for purposes of
obtaining all Applicable Permits.

(b) Each shipment of CTM shall be sampled and analyzed by EURAND to determine if the shipment
meets the Specifications. EURAND shall deliver to AVANIR with each such shipment of CTM a
certificate of analysis stating that the CTM meets the Specifications and has been manufactured in
accordance with cGMP and Applicable Laws.

(c) AVANIR may conduct its own analyses on each shipment of the CTM delivered to AVANIR
pursuant to this Agreement. AVANIR shall notify EURAND within Business Days after delivery of
such CTM if there are shortages, or within Calendar Days if the same does not meet the
Specifications or terms and conditions of this Agreement, or is adulterated or misbranded within
the meaning of the Act. Unless AVANIR advises EURAND that a shipment is unsatisfactory within 
Calendar Days of its receipt, or if AVANIR uses such CTM in a Clinical Study, such shipment shall
be deemed accepted.

(d) In the event any dispute arises between EURAND and AVANIR concerning the acceptability of
any shipment of CTM, the Parties agree to cooperate in good faith to resolve any disputes arising
therefrom and, in the event that the Parties shall be unable to resolve such dispute within 
Calendar Days from the date of AVANIR s notice pursuant to this Section 3.1, then if the dispute
involves whether or not the CTM meets the Specifications, the Parties shall submit such dispute to
a mutually agreed-to independent laboratory. The determination by such laboratory shall be final
and binding on the Parties and the costs therefor shall be borne by the non-prevailing Party.
AVANIR shall not dispose of any CTM claimed by it not to comply with the terms and conditions
hereof until resolution

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

9 

of any dispute with respect thereto. EURAND shall supply retained samples to such independent
laboratory for testing. If the dispute concerning the acceptability of any shipment does not
relate to whether the CTM meets the Specifications, the dispute shall be settled in accordance with
Section 13.15 hereof.

(e) EURAND shall replace, any CTM delivered hereunder that is
rejected in good faith by AVANIR and agreed to by EURAND or that fails to satisfy the
representations and warranties set forth herein, unless subject to a dispute under Section 3.1(d).
EURAND S LIABILITY UNDER SUCH WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO THE REPLACEMENT OF SUCH CTM, PROVIDED AND
 .

(f) Unless otherwise agreed upon by the Parties, EURAND is not responsible for the conduct,
costs and/or expenses of the Clinical Studies and/or the preparation, filing, and prosecution of
the Regulatory Filings, with the exception of the DMF.

(g) EURAND shall retain sole responsibility for releasing the CTM to AVANIR or to the clinical
sites if clinical sites have been designated for receipt of the CTM by AVANIR.

3.2 Delivery . All CTM and Product shall be shipped FCA (Incoterms 2000) EURAND s
manufacturing facility in the , currently located in , at AVANIR s expense via a carrier
identified by AVANIR. Delivery shall occur, and title and risk of loss of such quantities of the
CTM and Product shall pass to AVANIR, upon delivery of such material to such common carrier.
AVANIR shall be responsible for freight and insurance charges.

3.3 Commercial Supply Agreement . Promptly following the delivery of CTM for the first
Pivotal Clinical Study as indicated by the payment by AVANIR of the Development Payment pursuant to
Section 6.3(e), the Parties shall enter good faith negotiations for the purpose of executing a
Commercial Supply Agreement under which EURAND will exclusively manufacture the Product. Such
Commercial Supply Agreement will include reasonable and customary terms pursuant to which EURAND
will supply the Product at to be set initially when the final Specifications for the Product
have been agreed upon by the Parties. Such initial transfer pricing shall (for a Product). The of the Effective Date and is subject to the following assumptions being met: (i)
that the of the Product is no later than the end of Calendar Year and (ii) that the
Formulation of the Product is not materially different than that which is proposed in the Proposal.
The Parties acknowledge that the validation and prior to the Approval Date of the NDA by the
FDA. The Parties further acknowledge that AVANIR s initial good faith for the Product is .
The price expressed above shall include all costs for or other . The Commercial Supply
Agreement shall include provisions under which adjustments to the initial price and subsequent
annual prices may be made by EURAND, including but not limited to, increases in raw material costs,
changes to the Formulation or manufacturing process requested by AVANIR, or changes in Applicable
Laws or practice dictated by or the FDA, , which or . The Commercial Supply
Agreement additionally shall assign roles and responsibilities for the Product, and include
provisions and circumstances under which EURAND, pursuant to Section 7.2, shall provide . Those
circumstances include (i) of EURAND, (ii) , or (iii) .

4. REGULATORY 

4.1 During the Program, to the extent required by the FDA to conduct Clinical Studies or to
receive Applicable Permits in the United States, EURAND shall prepare a DMF and submit the DMF to

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

10 

the FDA. EURAND will provide AVANIR with an authorization letter such that AVANIR can
reference the DMF in its Regulatory Filings. , and a and but
 and . In the event that a hold on the Program or material delay in a regulatory process
is due to the negligence of EURAND in the preparation or submission of the DMF or results in
material deficiencies in the DMF noted by the FDA, or the . The cost of EURAND
personnel associated with resolving such deficiencies shall be solely borne by EURAND. EURAND
shall notify AVANIR of the submission date for the DMF, or any subsequent revisions or amendments
thereto, at least Business Days prior to each such submission, and notify AVANIR within 
Business Days regarding any material issues with respect to the filing or maintenance of the DMF.

4.2 The Parties shall cooperate fully with each other so as to diligently complete the
Pre-Registration Activities, and shall inform each other regularly of the progress of all
Pre-Registration Activities.

4.3 Following completion of the Pre-Registration Activities, , and , AVANIR shall 
submit an NDA for the Product in the United States. EURAND shall have the right to review and
comment upon the portions of proposed protocols and investigator brochures for any Clinical Studies
solely relating to the EURAND Intellectual Property Rights and EURAND s Confidential Information.
AVANIR shall consider such changes suggested by EURAND in good faith to the extent they are
Commercially Reasonable and comply with Applicable Laws. With exception of the DMF, it is
understood that the Parties intentions are to have AVANIR prepare and make all other necessary
filings with the FDA required to seek Regulatory Approval in the United States. EURAND agrees,
upon written request from AVANIR, to promptly provide AVANIR with such information as AVANIR may
reasonably require to complete any and all such regulatory filings and submissions, unless such
information is contained in the DMF in which case the information will be filed with the DMF.
AVANIR shall own and be the holder of the NDA and the Applicable Permits and EURAND
shall own the DMF with AVANIR, its Affiliates, and sublicensees having full rights to reference
such DMF as necessary for Regulatory Filings worldwide.

4.4 AVANIR shall notify EURAND of the submission date of each Regulatory Filing at least 
Business Days prior to such submission, and notify EURAND of the Approval Dates not later than 
Business Days after each such date. After submitting the Regulatory Filings, AVANIR shall use
Commercially Reasonable Efforts in diligently prosecuting the Regulatory Filings before the FDA so
as to obtain the Applicable Permits for the sale of the Product throughout the Territory as quickly
as feasible. AVANIR shall update EURAND on the status of all Regulatory Filings and Applicable
Permits in the Territory every Calendar Quarter following completion of the Pre-Registration
Activities and thereafter on the status of its progress toward making the First Commercial Sale of
the Product in the United States and throughout the Territory. AVANIR shall notify EURAND within
 Business Days of the date of First Commercial Sale in each country of the Territory.

4.5 EURAND and AVANIR shall cooperate with respect to preparing, prosecuting, and maintaining
necessary Regulatory Filings and Applicable Permits.

4.6 EURAND shall give AVANIR reasonable notice of any impending governmental or Third Party
audit of EURAND that directly relates to the manufacture or testing of the Product or CTM supplied
to AVANIR pursuant to this Agreement or which are of general impact which could reasonably be
expected to materially interfere with EURAND s ability to perform under this Agreement, and or
 . In the event that any such audit involves an inspection of a EURAND facility, then EURAND
shall

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

11 

provide AVANIR the opportunity to be on-site during such inspection, provided that AVANIR
acknowledges that EURAND does not control the timing of such inspections and, as such, cannot
guarantee timing that will permit AVANIR s attendance. AVANIR s participation in any such audit
shall be limited to that of being an observer. EURAND shall also provide AVANIR the opportunity to
 Business Days or or and shall AVANIR with the results of
 following its conclusion which are directly related to the Product or CTM; however, while
EURAND will give any comments or suggestions of AVANIR good faith consideration, EURAND shall have
the final discretion in responding to any such audit. EURAND agrees that AVANIR shall have the
right from time to time during the term of this Agreement to carry out an audit of EURAND s 
facility for conformance with cGMPs, but not more than once per Calendar Year, unless an audit
results in adverse findings in which case AVANIR shall be entitled to re-audit EURAND with respect
to such adverse findings pursuant to this Section 4.6 without reference to the once per Calendar
Year limitation. AVANIR must provide advanced written notice at least Business Days prior to
such audits and audits may only be scheduled at the consent and approval of EURAND, such approval
not to be unreasonably delayed or withheld.

4.7 Within Business Days EURAND shall provide AVANIR with notification of its receipt of
any of the following related to the manufacture or testing of the Product or CTM or that would
materially impair its ability to perform under this Agreement: a copy of any list of observations
(Form FD 483), warning letter, information letter, regulatory letter or the like issued by the FDA
as well as provide AVANIR an opportunity to review any written response and shall consider any
comments by AVANIR in good faith prior to submission to the issuing agency. However, EURAND shall
have sole discretion regarding the resolution of any matter pertaining to such inspections and
submissions.

5. INFORMATION AND USE .

5.1 EURAND shall furnish AVANIR with reports summarizing the progress of the Program as
described in the Proposal during the course of the Program, and as requested by AVANIR and mutually
agreed upon by the Parties from time to time.

5.2 AVANIR shall expressly not analyze, nor have analyzed, the Product or CTM for the purpose
of reverse engineering the EURAND Intellectual Property Rights.

5.3 AVANIR shall own all Data and shall provide EURAND with the Data. Except pursuant to
Section 5.4 or as otherwise agreed between the Parties in writing, EURAND shall only use the Data
to complete the EURAND Development Activities. EURAND shall or except in the performance
of this Agreement.

5.4 For the purposes of demonstrating to Third Parties the benefits of the EURAND Intellectual
Property Rights, EURAND is entitled to disclose to Third Parties the numerical values underlying
the results obtained by or provided to AVANIR and/or the Data, provided that (i) EURAND first
provides such materials to AVANIR for approval, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, and
(ii) AVANIR s name, the name of the Drug Combination, or information by which a Third Party could
reasonably determine the identity of the Drug Combination or AVANIR shall not be disclosed.

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

12 

6. COMPENSATION 

6.1 Development Fees .

(a) EURAND shall invoice AVANIR on or after the last Business Day of each calendar month for
its personnel time, costs and expenses incurred in performance of the Program pursuant to this
Agreement. AVANIR shall also reimburse EURAND for all out-of-pocket expenses associated directly
with the performance of the Program, provided they are disclosed to and approved by AVANIR in
writing in advance.

(b) EURAND s monthly invoice shall reflect an until ; such
rate may be adjusted each Calendar Year thereafter by EURAND to reflect reasonable and
customary changes to its billing rates, . EURAND s invoiced personnel time shall percent ), unless attributable to changes under Section 2.2, or an additional expense under Section
6.2, or as otherwise agreed to in advance and in writing by AVANIR.

6.2 Additional Expenses . In addition to the cost estimates set forth in Exhibit
A hereto, AVANIR shall be responsible for the following additional costs and/or expenses:

(a) the cost of any additional development work performed by EURAND in accordance with Section
2.2;

(b) the cost of any CTM required for the conduct of additional Clinical Studies not already
included in the Proposal, provided that the manufacture of such material is approved in advance by
AVANIR;

(c) the cost of any external contract research;

(d) the packaging of CTM;

(e) the cost of the APIs; and

(f) the cost of any dedicated, project-specific consumables or other equipment, if approved in
advance by AVANIR in writing.

6.3 Development Payments . In consideration of EURAND s performance of the EURAND
Development Activities, AVANIR shall pay EURAND the following non-refundable Development Payments
in United States dollars upon achievement of the following events Development Milestones ):

(a) upon Program Initiation.

(b) upon delivery of a pursuant to of the Proposal Calendar Days of . In
the event that the , or as otherwise agreed upon in writing between the Parties, are not
delivered by this date, this payment will be and shall be due upon delivery of the ;
provided, however, if such delivery shall not have occurred Calendar Days following Program
Initiation, and . In the event that AVANIR requires a material change to the requirements
for any of the 

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

13 

described in this Section 6.3(b), then the Parties shall agree in writing on an appropriate
time extension for delivery of the .

(c) upon delivery of of each of Formulations of the CTM, or as otherwise agreed
by the Parties in writing, for the Pilot Clinical Study within Calendar Days following the
latter of (i) written approval by AVANIR to proceed with CTM following the pursuant to
Section 6.3(b), or (ii) the date of delivery to EURAND of the APIs necessary for conducting the
EURAND Development Activities pursuant to of the Proposal, amounts to be agreed by the Parties
during Stage 1. In the event that the delivery of CTM for the Pilot Clinical Study is not
delivered by this date, this payment will be reduced to and will be due when such CTM is
delivered; provided, however, if such delivery shall not have occurred within Calendar Days of
the later to occur of the events set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) of the preceding sentence, 
and . In the event that AVANIR requires a material change to the requirements for any of the
 selected to be produced as CTM pursuant to this Section 6.3(c), then the Parties shall agree in
writing on an appropriate time extension for delivery of the .

(d) upon achieving the , in the Pilot Clinical Study, or any subsequent Clinical
Study. AVANIR shall notify EURAND within Business Days of the being achieved.

(e) upon delivery of the CTM for the first Pivotal Clinical Study. Such CTM shall be 
at a that is equal to percent of the required for of the Product, whichever
is greater.

(f) upon for the Product with the United States FDA.

(g) upon completion of the , which shall be considered complete upon receipt by AVANIR
of the of the Product.

(h) upon the first Approval Date for the Product in the United States.

6.4 Sales Milestones. AVANIR shall pay EURAND the described in subsections
(a)-(c) below Sales Milestones in United States dollars within Calendar Days of achievement
of the corresponding events:

(a) upon first achieving U.S. in Net Sales of the Product in the in any Calendar
Year during the Term.

(b) upon first achieving U.S. in Net Sales of the Product in the in any Calendar
Year during the Term.

(c) upon first achieving U.S. in Net Sales of the Product in the in any Calendar
Year during the Term.

(d) Each Sales Milestone shall be made only one time and in no event shall more than in
this Section 6.4 . The highest applicable .

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

14 

(e) If a higher Sales Milestone is paid in lieu of a lower Sales Milestone pursuant to Section
6.4(d) above, then the lower Sales Milestone shall be paid in a subsequent Calendar Year if the
corresponding event is achieved in such subsequent Calendar Year for such lower Sales Milestone.

6.5 Payments . All payments to EURAND under this Section 6 shall be paid by wire
transfer in U.S. Dollars according to the wire transfer instructions provided by EURAND. AVANIR
shall make payments to EURAND for amounts due under this Section 6 within 
Calendar Days of the receipt of the invoice from EURAND. In the event AVANIR fails to pay the
amounts due as set out above within the time agreed, EURAND shall at its discretion impose a late
payment fee on AVANIR equivalent to percent of the outstanding amount due per month,
unless such payment is subject to a good faith dispute between the Parties. EURAND shall submit
invoices to:

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
101 Enterprise, Suite 300 
Aliso Viejo, CA 92656 
Attention: Chief Financial Officer 
Fax: (949) 643-6800

7. LICENSE 

7.1 Research License Grant . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, EURAND hereby
grants AVANIR an license under the EURAND Intellectual Property Rights and the Formulation, in
the Territory to use the CTM manufactured by EURAND to conduct the Clinical Studies required to
file and maintain the Regulatory Filings.

7.2 Commercial License Grant . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, EURAND hereby
grants AVANIR an exclusive, royalty-bearing license under the EURAND Intellectual Property Rights
in the Territory to use, offer for sale, import and sell the Product. EURAND hereby grants AVANIR
a license under the EURAND Intellectual Property Rights, in the Territory to make, and have made,
the Product to the extent permitted under the Commercial Supply Agreement.

7.3 Right to Sublicense . The license grant under Section 7.2, subject to Section 10,
includes the right to grant sublicenses in the Territory by AVANIR provided that:

(a) AVANIR ;

(b) AVANIR pays EURAND the Royalty and Sublicensing Revenue due EURAND under section 10.1; and

(c) the sublicensee agrees to be bound by all the applicable obligations of this Agreement,
with the exception of the payment of the Royalty and the payment of Sublicensing Revenue pursuant
to Section 10.1(both of which shall be the responsibility of AVANIR); and

(d) Within Business Days of the end of every Calendar Quarter following the First
Commercial Sale, AVANIR shall notify EURAND of any sublicensees that are in default with respect to
the payment of any Sublicensing Revenue. AVANIR shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
collect the Sublicensing Revenue promptly from any sublicensee that is in default. In the event
that the

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

15 

sublicensee fails to pay the Sublicensing Revenue within Calendar
Days of the date the Sublicensing Revenue was originally due for payment, AVANIR shall, upon
EURAND s request, terminate the sublicense agreement and/or bring and diligently prosecute an
action against the sublicensee for payment. Additionally, nothing under this agreement nor any
sublicense agreement shall obligate EURAND to supply Product to any sublicensee that is in default
with respect to the payment of any Sublicensing Revenue and EURAND shall have the right to
terminate the sale of Product to any sublicensee that is in default until such time as the
sublicensee cures the default.

(e) For the avoidance of doubt, EURAND shall be the exclusive manufacturer for all of AVANIR
sublicensees commercial requirements for the Product pursuant to the Commercial Supply Agreement.

7.4 Divestment of Product . The license grant under Sections 7.2 and 7.6 includes the
right to transfer Applicable Permits and other intangibles for the Product, and rights under this
Agreement, Product Rights in the Territory to a Third Party by AVANIR provided that: (i) ,
(ii) (iii) and (iv) and Net Sales of the acquirer (or provision is otherwise
made by AVANIR for full payment of such ). For the purpose of this Agreement, any and all
compensation received by AVANIR as a result of such sale or divestment of the Product Rights shall
be considered Sublicensing Revenue and subject to Section 10.1(d). In the event that AVANIR
receives consideration other than cash for the Product Rights, the compensation payable to EURAND
shall be based on the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Chief
Commercial Officer of EURAND (or his designee) and the Chief Financial Officer of AVANIR (or his
designee). This Section 7.4 shall only apply to the commercial divestment of the Product Rights by
AVANIR, and shall not apply to (i) any transfer of Applicable Permits to a Third Party solely to
meet governmental or regulatory requirements, so long as commercial sales remain for the benefit of
AVANIR, its Affiliates, or any sublicensees, or (ii) the sale of all, or substantially all, of the
business of AVANIR, whether by merger or otherwise. A sale of all, or substantially all, of the
business of AVANIR, whether by merger or otherwise, shall instead be subject to Section 13.1
hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the sale of AVANIR or of all or substantially all of its
assets in a merger or acquisition transaction shall not be deemed to be a sale of Product Rights.
AVANIR is hereby expressly permitted to assign the Commercial Supply Agreement to an acquirer of
the Product Rights and such agreement shall contain a provision expressly permitting such
assignment.

7.5 Retained Rights . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, EURAND
retains the right to use and/or license others to use the EURAND Intellectual Property Rights for
every purpose or use except for those uses exclusively licensed to AVANIR in Sections 7.1 and 7.2.
Unless and until the Parties agree otherwise EURAND retains all rights to manufacture the Product.

7.6 Use of EURAND s Trademark by AVANIR . AVANIR may market the Product under a
Trademark of its choosing. In addition, AVANIR, except where prohibited by Applicable Laws, will
refer to EURAND s (the EURAND Trademarks on the pack, internal leaflet and promotional
material of the Product. For this purpose, EURAND hereby grants AVANIR a non-exclusive license to
use, and sublicense the right to use, the EURAND Trademarks (the EURAND Trademark License in the
sale and marketing of the Product provided the Product has been manufactured by, on behalf of, or
under a license from EURAND. Prior to printing materials containing the EURAND Trademarks, AVANIR
shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to send EURAND, not less than Business Days prior to
their distribution, a sample of such materials (in final or substantially final form) for prior
approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, however, that
AVANIR may make subsequent changes to such materials other than changes to the EURAND

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

16 

Trademarks without subsequent approval from EURAND. AVANIR covenants that its use of the
EURAND Trademarks shall be strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and that all
rights to and ownership of the EURAND Trademarks shall remain with EURAND. The EURAND Trademark
License shall not extend to the sale or marketing of any product which is not manufactured by
EURAND or that is otherwise not in accordance with this Section 7.6.

7.7 EURAND License . AVANIR hereby grants Eurand a royalty-free license under the
AVANIR Intellectual Property Rights to the extent necessary to enable EURAND to perform the EURAND
Development Activities under the Program and to manufacture and supply CTM and Product in
accordance with this Agreement.

8. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

8.1 Data . AVANIR shall exclusively own the Data, provided that EURAND may use the
Data subject to and in accordance with Sections 5.3 and 5.4.

8.2 Formulation . EURAND shall exclusively own the Formulation, subject to the
licenses to AVANIR in accordance with Section 7. Upon receipt by EURAND of
 shall . For the avoidance of doubt, under this Section 8.2 shall
not include, by implication or any other theory, any ownership rights under the EURAND Intellectual
Property Rights. Accordingly, , AVANIR shall be entitled to enforce its rights in the to
prevent Third Parties from making, having made, using, or selling the Product but, absent the
licenses granted under Sections 7.1 and 7.2 above, AVANIR shall not have the right to use, sell, or
offer for sale the Product itself.

8.3 Know-How .

(a) Know-How developed by either Party or jointly by the Parties during the course of the
performance of this Agreement, including any Patent Rights related thereto, shall be:

(i) 

(ii) .

(b) Each Party shall be free to use and practice such Know-How owned by it without the consent
of the other and without an obligation to notify the other Party of such intended use or to pay
royalties or other compensation to the other by reason of such use, provided such use, disclosure
or license does not conflict with the rights granted to the other Party under this Agreement.

8.4 Patents .

(a) Each Party shall be responsible, at its own expense, for filing and prosecuting patent
applications with respect to the Patent Rights owned by it, as it deems appropriate, and for paying
maintenance fees on any patents issuing therefrom during the Term. Each Party shall promptly
render all necessary assistance reasonably requested by the other Party, at such other Party s
expense, in applying for and prosecuting patent applications based on Know-How owned by such other
Party under this Agreement.

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

17 

(b) With respect to the Patent Rights included in the Formulation, EURAND shall prepare, file,
prosecute, maintain and extend any and all Patent Rights related to the Formulation in the United
States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Spain, Italy, Japan and such other countries as the
Parties may mutually agree. EURAND s right and obligation shall hereof
until such time as the patents issue. Upon , EURAND s prosecution of the Patent Rights included
in the Formulation shall be at AVANIR s expense. Notwithstanding the foregoing, EURAND will
provide copies of all such applications and all material correspondence relating thereto to AVANIR
and AVANIR shall have the right to review the same and to make recommendations to EURAND concerning
them and their prosecution, which recommendations EURAND shall consider in good faith. In the
event that EURAND desires to file and prosecute Patent Rights relating to the Formulation in a
country in which AVANIR does not desire to prosecute such Patent Rights, EURAND may do so at its
own expense and the foreign application will, from its inception, be treated as an application
owned by EURAND under Section 8.4(f) below. At any time EURAND may elect to relinquish its rights
with respect to the filing, prosecution and maintenance of the Patent Rights relating to the
Formulation to AVANIR, provided that EURAND gives AVANIR sufficient advance notice in writing and
that in relinquishing such rights EURAND does not jeopardize or prejudice the Patent Rights
relating to the Formulation in any material way.

(c) Any information contained in a patent filing by a Party under this Agreement shall be
subject to the confidentiality provisions of Section 13.2, and the Confidential Information of a
Party may not be used by the other Party in a patent filing without the express written consent of
such first Party.

(d) Each Party represents and warrants that each of its employees, Affiliate s employees,
consultants or agents who will have responsibilities and will conduct activities under this
Agreement have entered into an agreement that provides for assignment to such Party of all
inventions made by such person during the course of his or her performance of responsibilities and
activities under the Agreement.

(e) Each Party shall keep the other Party advised as to all material developments with respect
to all filing, prosecution and maintenance of Patent Rights arising under this Section 8.4 by
providing to such other Party a copy of all patent applications and material written
communications, relating thereto, received from or sent to the patent and trademark offices within
the Territory, within Calendar Days of the date on which such communications are received or
sent by such first Party.

(f) If EURAND decides to discontinue the prosecution or maintenance of any of the Patent
Rights it owns per Sections 8.2 or 8.3(a)(i) of this Agreement, EURAND shall provide written notice
to AVANIR at least Calendar Days prior to any patent bar date or any due date for payment or
any other action, and AVANIR shall then be free to file or to continue the prosecution or
maintenance of any such application, and to maintain any patent issuing thereon in the U.S. and in
any foreign country at its sole expense. Any such patents shall then become the property of AVANIR
at no additional consideration (except, for the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to pay EURAND
the Royalty or percentage of Sublicensing Revenue pursuant to Section 10.1, the Development
Payments pursuant to Section 6.3, and the Sales Milestones pursuant to Section 6.4) and EURAND will
execute and deliver such patent assignment and other documents to effect such transfer as
reasonably requested by AVANIR.

(g) If AVANIR decides to discontinue the prosecution or maintenance in the United States, the
United Kingdom, France, Germany, Spain, Italy or Japan of any of the Patent Rights pertaining to
the Formulation, AVANIR shall give EURAND written notice of at least calendar days prior to

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

18 

any patent bar date or any due date for payment or any other action, and EURAND shall then be
free to file or to continue the prosecution or maintenance of any such application, and to maintain
any patent issuing thereon in the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Spain, Italy
or Japan at its sole expense. Any such patents shall then become the property of EURAND at no
additional consideration and AVANIR will execute and deliver such patent assignment and other
documents to affect such transfer as reasonably requested by EURAND. AVANIR shall continue to
possess the licenses granted pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Patent Rights and
shall be obligated to continue to pay any Royalties or Sublicensing Revenue due.

8.5 Infringement . In the event that a claim of infringement of a Third Party s Patent
Rights is made or brought against either Party, the Party receiving such claim shall promptly
inform the other Party, and the Parties shall consult with each other in order to develop a
strategy for addressing the alleged infringement. Each Party shall reasonably cooperate with the
other in any investigations undertaken to determine any potential infringement. To the extent the
alleged infringement relates solely to the use of the EURAND Intellectual Property Rights, EURAND
shall take one or more of the following actions at :

(a) 

(b) 

(c) .

8.6 To the extent the alleged infringement (a) does not relate to the EURAND Intellectual
Property Rights or (b) arises under 35 USC Section 271(e)(2), AVANIR shall, at its sole cost and
expense, defend the claim and indemnify and hold EURAND harmless.

8.7 Third Party Infringement of Patents .

(a) To the extent related to or involving any Competitive Product, each Party shall promptly
report in writing to the other Party during the Term any (i) known infringement or suspected
infringement of any of the patented inventions in the or the , (ii) unauthorized use or
misappropriation of Confidential Information or by a Third Party, or (iii) known infringement
or suspected infringement relating to either the Formulation or Product (in each case, Third Party
Infringement of which it becomes aware, and shall provide the other Party with all available
evidence indicative of said infringement, suspected infringement or unauthorized use or
misappropriation.

(b) In the event of a report of a Third Party Infringement under Section 8.7(a), EURAND and
AVANIR shall consult with each other in order to develop a strategy for addressing the Third Party
Infringement. Pursuant to such strategy, shall have the right, but not the obligation, to
commence and control any Action against Third Party Infringement at its own expense. An Action 
for purposes of this Section 8.7 shall be any legal action or proceeding, or the filing of any
counterclaim. In the event that elects not to bring an Action or fails to do so within 
Calendar Days after the consultation contemplated by this Section 8.7, shall have the right to
do so jointly with , or if is not agreeable to bringing the action jointly, shall have
the right to bring the Action alone, but only if it pertains solely to infringement of or
misappropriation of .

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

19 

(c) In any Action pursuant to Section 8.7(b), any damages or other recovery, including
compensatory and other non-compensatory damages or recovery actually received from a Third Party,
shall be allocated first to reimburse the costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees
and expert witness fees, of the Party commencing such Action and then to reimburse the other Party,
if any, for such costs and expenses. If the Parties pursued such Action jointly, they shall be
reimbursed pari passu. Reimbursement shall be made first from any compensatory damages including
attorneys fees and costs recovered. If any balance remains of the damages or other recovery made
from the Third Party after such reimbursement, the balance shall be shared 
percent to AVANIR and percent to EURAND. If EURAND pursues such Action pursuant
to Section 8.7(b) alone, then EURAND shall retain the entire balance of the damages received from
such Third Party.

(d) In the event that a Party (the Nonparticipating Party does not desire to participate in
an Action, , if necessary, but such shall be under no obligation to except to the extent
that such is as the of . The Nonparticipating Party shall also offer reasonable
assistance in connection therewith at no charge to the other Party except for reimbursement of
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. If either Party desires to retain counsel independently, at its
own expense, the Party may do so, but it shall not relieve the Party of its obligations under this
section.

9. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

9.1 By Both Parties .

(a) Each Party represents and warrants to the other that it is authorized to enter into and to
perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(b) Each Party represents and warrants to the other that its obligations created under this
Agreement do not conflict in any manner with any of its previous obligations.

(c) Neither Party warrants that the performance of the Program will result in a commercially
viable Formulation or Product.

9.2 By EURAND .

(a) Subject to Section 8.4(f), EURAND covenants, in good faith, to prosecute and maintain the
Patent Rights included in the in the Territory and with respect to the rights in that arise
under from others, EURAND covenants to maintain those in full force and effect.

(b) EURAND represents that to the best of its knowledge as of the Effective Date there are no
pending or threatened claims or legal actions asserting that the patents included in the EURAND
Intellectual Property Rights are invalid or unenforceable in the Territory or infringe Third Party
rights.

(c) EURAND shall not, during the Term, , , , or or . For the avoidance of
doubt, the foregoing provision shall not be construed to prevent EURAND from or or or
 , or .

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

20 

(d) EURAND warrants that the CTM supplied to AVANIR will as appropriate: (i) meet the
Specifications; (ii) be manufactured in accordance with the DMF (if applicable), (iii) be produced
in a facility and in a manner compliant with cGMP and all other Applicable Laws, rules,
regulations, guides and guidances of other jurisdictions as in effect from time to time where
Product manufactured pursuant to this Agreement is destined for use or sale; and (iv) when shipped,
shall not be adulterated or misbranded within the meaning of the Act.

(e) EURAND warrants with respect to the Formulation (excluding the Drug Combination) that as
of the Effective Date EURAND is not aware of any quality, toxicity, safety, or efficacy issues that
would impair the approval of commercial sale of the Product.

(f) EURAND represents and warrants that it will not use in any capacity, in connection with
the services or activities to be performed under this Agreement, any person who has been debarred
pursuant to Section 306 of the Act, or who is the subject of a conviction described in such
section. EURAND agrees to inform AVANIR in writing promptly if it or any person who is performing
services hereunder is debarred or is the subject of a conviction described in Section 306, or if
any action, suit, claim, investigation or legal or administrative proceeding is pending or is
threatened, relating to the debarment or conviction of such Party or any person performing services
hereunder.

(g) EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, EURAND EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ALL WARRANTIES
WITH RESPECT TO THE EURAND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, THE FORMULATION, THE CTM OR THE PRODUCT,
WHETHER AS TO MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR ANY OTHER MATTER.

9.3 By AVANIR .

(a) Subject to Section 8.4(g), AVANIR covenants, in good faith, to maintain in the United
States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Spain, Italy and Japan any of the issued claims
included within the Patent Rights, to the extent they relate to pursuant
to Section .

(b) AVANIR represents that to the best of its knowledge as of the Effective Date there
are no pending or threatened claims or legal actions asserting its use of the Drug Combination
under this Agreement will, in the Territory, constitute an infringement of any patents, trade
secrets, or other industrial or intellectual property rights.

(c) AVANIR shall not, during the Term, develop, manufacture, market, or assist any Third Party
in developing, manufacturing or marketing a Competitive Product, nor any extended release product
containing any combination of dextromethorphan hydrobromide with any metabolism inhibitor, nor any
extended release version of dextromethorphan hydrobromide or quinidine sulfate.

(d) AVANIR will not and will cause its Affiliates and sublicensees not to analyze any of the
samples, prototypes or CTM provided hereunder for the purpose of reverse engineering the EURAND
Intellectual Property Rights.

(e) AVANIR warrants that the API supplied to EURAND will as appropriate: (i) meet the
Specifications; (ii) be produced in a facility and in a manner compliant with cGMP and all other

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

21 

Applicable Laws; and (iii) when shipped, shall not be adulterated or misbranded within the
meaning of the Act.

(f) AVANIR represents and warrants that it will not knowingly use in connection with the
conduct of clinical trials of the Product, any person who has been debarred pursuant to Section 306
of the Act, or who is the subject of a conviction described in such section. AVANIR agrees to
inform EURAND in writing promptly if it or any person who is performing such services hereunder is
debarred or is the subject of a conviction described in Section 306, or if any action, suit, claim,
investigation or legal or administrative proceeding is pending or is threatened, relating to the
debarment or conviction of such Party or any person performing services in connection with the
conduct of clinical trials on the Product.

(g) EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, AVANIR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO
THE AVANIR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, THE DRUG COMBINATION, THE API, AND THE PRODUCT, WHETHER AS
TO MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR ANY OTHER MATTER.

10. ROYALTY 

10.1 Payment .

(a) AVANIR shall pay EURAND a Royalty of percent of the Net
Sales of the Product sold by AVANIR, its Affiliates, and their sublicensees in the for the Term
of the Agreement; provided that any such payment shall be made . AVANIR shall pay EURAND a
Royalty of percent of the Net Sales of the Product sold by AVANIR, its Affiliates, and
their sublicensees in the for years from the ; in the event that is in effect.

(b) In the event that a court or a governmental agency of competent jurisdiction requires
AVANIR, its Affiliates or any of their sublicensees to grant a compulsory license to a Third Party
permitting such Third Party to sell the Product in the United States, then for the purposes of
calculating the Royalty for the Product, if any, the applicable royalty rate shall be reduced to
that applicable to the compulsory license, if lower.

(c) The statements in Sections 9.2(b) and 9.3(b) notwithstanding, the Parties acknowledge
that, during the Term, or may be from or and . Subject first to EURAND s
rights and obligations under Section 8.5, . If EURAND is unable to effect any of the actions
described in Section 8.5, and as a result of AVANIR (collectively, solely in order for
AVANIR to practice the EURAND Intellectual Property Rights granted in Sections 7.2 and 7.6 without
infringing such Third Party s rights, , other than as described in Section 6.1 or the 
for Product EURAND. Any . AVANIR shall be entitled to (i) to the extent , and (ii)
only with respect to . For the avoidance of doubt, EURAND will have no obligation to make any
payments to either AVANIR or to such Third Party under this Section 10.1(c) in order for AVANIR to
practice its rights under the EURAND Intellectual Property Rights.

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

22 

(d) AVANIR shall pay EURAND a portion of any and all Sublicensing Revenue received by AVANIR
or its Affiliates from sublicensees in respect of rights to sell and sales of the Product outside
the United States in the following manner: (i) percent if AVANIR
does not have an obligation to pay The Center for Neurological Studies in San Diego, CA a portion
of the Sublicensing Revenue equal to percent or , or (ii) percent if
AVANIR does have an obligation to pay The Center for Neurological Studies in San Diego, CA a
portion of the Sublicensing Revenue equal to percent or . Sublicensing Revenue
received by AVANIR or its Affiliates in currencies other than U.S. Dollars shall be converted to
U.S. Dollars using the rate of exchange prevailing at the Chemical Bank, New York, NY (or such bank
as EURAND and AVANIR mutually agree from time to time), for the last Business Day of the applicable
period.

(e) In any jurisdiction outside the United States where AVANIR sells Product on its own behalf
or through Affiliates, AVANIR shall pay to EURAND, in lieu of the payments due pursuant to Section
10.1(d), a Royalty on such Net Sales at a rate that bears the same percentage relationship to the
applicable rate paid in the United States pursuant to Section 10.1(a), as the of the Product in
such jurisdiction during the applicable Calendar Quarter in the United States during the
applicable Calendar Quarter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the royalty rate effective pursuant to
this Section 10.1(e) shall not be reduced below a minimum royalty rate of percent ).

(f) No later than Calendar Days after the end of each Calendar Quarter, AVANIR shall
report to EURAND the following:

(i) the Net Sales of the Product and the Royalty in the previous Calendar Quarter, including a
complete and detailed accounting of AVANIR s, its Affiliates , and its sublicensees gross sales
and deductions thereto made to arrive at Net Sales in sufficient detail (including but not limited
to discounts, allowances, rebates, fees; and of units sold, samples distributed, and units disposed
of other than by sale) to enable EURAND to determine the amounts due under this Agreement; and

(ii) the .

(g) Payment by AVANIR to EURAND under this Section 10 shall be in U.S. Dollars and shall be
made within Calendar Days after the end of each Calendar Quarter. Payment shall be made via
wire transfer to a bank designated by EURAND. AVANIR shall keep true and accurate books of account
and shall keep and maintain all records and documents necessary for EURAND to ascertain the Royalty
and Sublicensing Revenue due under this Agreement for a period of years after the underlying
sales were made.

(h) In the event of a late payment, AVANIR shall pay to EURAND interest calculated on a daily
basis on the overdue payment from the date such payment was due to the date such payment is
received by EURAND at a rate of percent per calendar month.

10.2 Taxes . If taxes, assessments, fees or other charges are required to be withheld
from payments to EURAND, AVANIR shall make such payments to the applicable taxing authority as
required to fulfill such requirement and pay to EURAND the net amount due. Receipts, if available,
for all such withholdings shall be provided to EURAND. AVANIR shall be responsible for
establishing its right to claim any exemption to such charges or to its withholding, shall keep
EURAND advised in writing of the basis and status of all such exemption claims, and shall be liable
for any penalty, interest or other

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

23 

assessment against EURAND for failing to pay or withhold such charges in reliance on any such
exemption claim.

10.3 Audit Right . After the first anniversary of the date of First Commercial Sale of
the Product and upon the provision of reasonable notice, EURAND shall have the right to designate a
firm of independent accountants to inspect AVANIR s books of account, records, documents and
instruments directly relating to Net Sales of the Product and payment of the Royalty pursuant to
Section 10.1 and receipt of the Sublicense Revenue for up to the previous 
Calendar Years, and to make copies thereof, at any time during AVANIR s regular business hours
during the Term, but no more than once per Calendar Year, and for a period of years after
termination of this Agreement, to ascertain the accuracy of such report. The expense of such audit
shall be EURAND s unless the audit shall demonstrate an underreporting discrepancy greater than 
percent between Royalty and Sublicensing Revenue reported and paid and those which were
actually due, in which event the reasonable expenses of audit shall be borne by AVANIR. Regardless
of the amount, absent manifest error, all discrepancies shall be due and payable within 
Calendar Days from the date the independent accounting firm notifies AVANIR in writing of any
discrepancy, such notice to include copies of the audit work papers and conclusions in form and
content satisfactory to AVANIR in its reasonable discretion. Such independent accountants shall
enter into a confidentiality agreement with AVANIR in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
AVANIR. Such independent accountants may only disclose to EURAND the results of its audit.

11. TERM AND TERMINATION 

11.1 Term . This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date, and will
remain in effect for the longer of years after First Commercial Sale or the life of any
EURAND patent, or any patent resulting from the Program, which would be infringed by a Third
Party s sale, use or manufacture of a Competitive Product (the Term ), unless earlier terminated
in accordance with this Section 11. Upon the expiration of this Agreement, AVANIR .

11.2 Program Related Termination .

(a) Following Calendar Days after the Effective Date and prior to the First Commercial
Sale of the Product, AVANIR may terminate this Agreement at any time and Calendar Days prior
written notice to EURAND, or in the event of any response by the FDA to AVANIR s NDA for either the
 or the that is not an unconditional approval, AVANIR may terminate this Agreement at any
time upon Calendar Days prior written notice to EURAND. In either case, AVANIR shall pay
EURAND for all expenses incurred and due hereunder prior to such termination, for noncancellable
commitments, and raw materials not previously paid for by AVANIR (which shall become AVANIR
property). After the First Commercial Sale of the Product, AVANIR may not terminate the Agreement
under this Section 11.2(a).

(b) EURAND may terminate this Agreement in the event that: (i) AVANIR, prior to the First
Commercial Sale, suspends conducting any AVANIR Development Activities over any period of 
continuous months, or (ii) AVANIR fails to submit an NDA within months of completion of the
Pre-Registration Activities, or (iii) AVANIR fails to obtain Regulatory Approval for the Product in
the United States within years of NDA filing, or (iv) AVANIR fails to make the First
Commercial Sale

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

24 

in the United States within one (1) year of the Approval Date, or (v) AVANIR discontinues
selling the Product in the United States unless such discontinuation is due to a Force Majeure,
supply disruption, regulatory issues or EURAND s breach of this Agreement or the Commercial Supply
Agreement. The provisions of this paragraph shall operate independently of and shall not be
subject to the Cure Period in Section 11.6(a).

(c) Either Party may terminate this Agreement if the Parties are unable to conclude a
Commercial Supply Agreement in spite of their exercise of Commercially Reasonable Efforts within
 Calendar Days after entering good faith negotiations pursuant to Section
3.3.

(d) Either Party may terminate this Agreement upon days written notice to the other Party,
if the Parties are unable to reasonably agree upon pursuant to Section .

11.3 Termination Due to Infringement . In the event EURAND is unable to effectuate the
actions described in Section 8.5 above within Calendar Days of service of notice of such claim
under Section 8.5, then either Party may terminate this Agreement.

11.4 Default . If a Party shall be in default pursuant to Section 11.6, the Party not
in default may terminate this Agreement in whole, or only with regard to the provision which has
given rise to the event of default, and pursue any other remedies provided under this Agreement or
available at law or equity.

11.5 Force Majeure . Each of the Parties shall be excused from the performance or
delay in performance of its obligations under this Agreement in the event such performance is
prevented by Force Majeure and such performance shall be excused as long as the condition
constituting such Force Majeure continues plus an additional Calendar Days after termination of
such condition; provided, that the non-performing Party shall provide prompt notice to the other
Party of the particulars of the occurrence constituting Force Majeure and of its cessation and
shall make diligent efforts to mitigate the adverse consequences of such non-performance or delays
in performance. If the Force Majeure exceeds Calendar Days then the Party who is owed
performance as a result of such Force Majeure may terminate this agreement.

11.6 Events of Default . An event of default under this Agreement shall be deemed to
exist upon the occurrence of any one or more of the following events:

(a) failure by either Party hereto to perform fully any material provision of this Agreement
and such failure continues for a period of Calendar Days after notice of such non-performance
without (i) providing a written explanation reasonably satisfactory to the non-defaulting Party
that a default has not occurred or (ii) commencing to cure the default within Calendar Days of
such notice and thereafter curing such default within Calendar Days of such notice Cure
Period provided, however, in the event that the Party in default provides a written explanation
to the non-defaulting Party and there is a dispute regarding whether the explanation is reasonably
satisfactory, the dispute shall be resolved in accordance with Section 13.15 and the Cure Period
shall be extended during the pendency of the resolution of the dispute;

(b) failure of AVANIR to pay any amount due to EURAND, which failure continues for a period of
 Calendar Days after ; unless, however, such non-payment is due to a good faith dispute
concerning the amount owed;

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

25 

(c) a Party ceases to function as a going concern, or makes an assignment for the benefit of
creditors, or any proceeding under any federal or state bankruptcy, receivership or insolvency laws
is instituted against such Party and continues in effect for Calendar Days
or more or is instituted by such Party, or the liquidation or dissolution of a Party occurs, or an
application for a receiver or trustee for such Party or any of the assets or property of such Party
is made against such Party and is granted or continues unstayed for Calendar Days or more or is
made by such Party; or

(d) a Party is prevented from performing its obligations hereunder by any law, governmental or
other action and has not resumed such performance in compliance with all applicable laws within 
Calendar Days following the date which performance was prevented.

11.7 Effects of Termination .

(a) The expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason shall not relieve the
Parties of any obligation that accrued prior to such expiration or termination. Upon termination by
either Party, AVANIR shall be responsible to pay to EURAND all amounts then unpaid and due EURAND
in accordance herewith through the effective date of such termination including all expenses and
non-cancelable costs incurred by EURAND, including costs associated with concluding any in-process
testing and providing any final reports.

(b) to EURAND pursuant to this Agreement to AVANIR pursuant to this Agreement shall
survive (i) under Section by either Party, or (ii) under Section by AVANIR pursuant to
Section , , or , or (iii) under by AVANIR.

(c) to AVANIR and to EURAND pursuant to this Agreement (i) under Section by either
Party, or (ii) under Section by EURAND pursuant to Section , or (iii) under Section by
EURAND.

11.8 Survival . The provisions of Section 1 in its entirety; Sections 3.1(d), (e) and
(g), 5.2 through 5.4 inclusive, 6.1(a) and (b), 6.2, and 6.5 (for purposes of receiving payments
thereunder to which EURAND was entitled in respect of activities prior to the effectiveness of
termination), 8.1, 8.2, 8.3, 8.4(c), 8.7(c), 9.2(g), 9.3(d) and (g), 10.1 (f), (g) and (h), 10.2,
10.3, 11.7, 11.8, 12.1 through 12.5 inclusive, and Article 13 with the exception of Section 13.3
shall survive any expiration or other termination of this Agreement. Any claims by either EURAND
or AVANIR which have accrued prior to termination or expiration of this Agreement shall survive
such termination or expiration.

12. INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE 

12.1 Indemnification of AVANIR . EURAND and its Affiliates shall indemnify and hold
AVANIR harmless from and against all damages, losses, expenses, claims (including wrongful death),
demands, suits, penalties, judgments or administrative and judicial orders and liabilities
(including, but not limited to, reasonable counsel fees and expenses) incurred, assessed or
sustained by AVANIR, its Affiliates, or any of their officers, directors, or employees with respect
to, involving, or arising out of (i) EURAND s negligence or willful misconduct, (ii) EURAND s
breach of any representation, warranty, obligation or covenant of this Agreement, (iii) EURAND s
defense of any claim of Third Party

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

26 

infringement as set forth in Section 8.5, or (iv) the handling or storage of the CTM or
Product by EURAND.

12.2 Indemnification of EURAND . AVANIR and its Affiliates shall indemnify and hold
EURAND and its Affiliates harmless from and against all damages, losses, expenses, claims
(including wrongful death and product liability), demands, suits, penalties, judgments or
administrative and judicial orders and liabilities (including, but not limited to, reasonable
counsel fees and expenses) incurred, assessed or sustained by EURAND, its Affiliates, or any of
their officers, directors, or employees with respect to, involving, or arising out of (i) AVANIR s
negligence or willful misconduct, (ii) AVANIR s breach of any representation, warranty, obligation
or covenant of this Agreement, (iii) AVANIR s defense of any claim of Third Party infringement as
set forth in Section 8.6, or (iv) the sale, packaging, labeling, handling, advertising,
distribution, design, consumption or use of the CTM or Product; except to the extent such claim
arises from an event for which EURAND has an obligation to indemnify AVANIR under Section 12.1 or
pursuant to the Commercial Supply Agreement.

12.3 Notice and Legal Defense . Promptly after receipt by a Party hereunder of any
claim or notice of the commencement of any action, administrative or legal proceeding, or
investigation as to which the indemnity provided for in Section 12.1 and 12.2 hereof may apply, the
Party seeking indemnification shall notify the indemnifying Party of such fact. The indemnifying
Party shall assume the defense thereof, provided, however, that if the defendants in any such
action include both the Party seeking indemnification and the indemnifying Party and the Party
seeking indemnification shall reasonably conclude that there may be legal defenses available to it
which are different from or additional to, or inconsistent with, those available to the
indemnifying Party, the Party seeking indemnification shall have the right to select separate
counsel (reasonably acceptable to the indemnifying Party) to participate in the defense of such
action on behalf of such Party seeking indemnification, at the indemnified Party s own expense.

12.4 Consequential Damages . IN NO EVENT, SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER
PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF, OR
AS THE RESULT OF, THE SALE, DELIVERY, NON-DELIVERY, SERVICING, USE OR LOSS OF USE OF ANY CTM OR
PRODUCT, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH CLAIM IS BASED UPON BREACH OF WARRANTY, BREACH OF CONTRACT,
NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY.

12.5 Insurance . Each Party at its own cost shall carry commercial general liability
insurance, including clinical trial and product liability insurance covering such Party, which
coverage shall have limits of liability which are commercially reasonable but shall not be less
than per loss occurrence. Such coverage shall be maintained for not less
than years following expiration or termination of this Agreement or if such coverage is of the
 claims made type, for years following expiration or termination of this Agreement. Upon
written request from a Party, the other Party shall promptly provide written evidence (e.g.,
certificates) of such insurance that is reasonably satisfactory to the first Party.

13. MISCELLANEOUS 

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

27 

13.1 Assignment . Neither this Agreement nor any interest herein may be assigned, in
whole or in part, by either Party hereto without the prior written consent of the other Party
hereto, provided that either Party shall have the right to assign all or part of its rights,
interest and obligations to an Affiliate, , or to a successor to
substantially all the assets of the business to which this Agreement relates. Subject to the
foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and
their respective permitted successors and assigns.

13.2 Confidentiality .

(a) Any and all information provided by one Party to the other pursuant to this Agreement, or
the Confidentiality Agreement signed between the Parties on December 21, 2005, shall be deemed to
be confidential information Confidential Information ). The obligations of confidentiality
present in this Agreement supersede those contained in the Confidentiality Agreement. Each Party
will hold Confidential Information in complete confidence and will not, without the prior written
consent of the other, use or disclose it in whole or in part to any Entity other than for the
purposes set forth in this Agreement during the term of this Agreement and for the years
immediately following expiration or termination of this Agreement. Each Party will be entitled to
disclose any such Confidential Information to such of its professional advisers, directors,
officers and senior employees who are directly concerned with this Agreement and its implementation
and whose knowledge of such information in the opinion of the disclosing Party is necessary for
these purposes. Each Party will use its reasonable efforts to ensure that each individual to whom
such a disclosure is made adheres to the terms of this undertaking as if he or she were a party
hereto, including without limitation, having such individuals execute similar agreements.

(b) As used herein, the term Confidential Information shall not include information:

(i) which at the time of disclosure to the other is in the public domain; or

(ii) which, after disclosure, becomes generally available to Third Parties from a source other
than the disclosing Party; provided that such source is not bound by a confidentiality or other
similar agreement with the discloser or by any other legal, contractual or fiduciary obligation
which prohibits the disclosure of such Confidential Information; or

(iii) which was lawfully in possession of the recipient prior to disclosure, as evidenced by
written records and which was not acquired directly or indirectly from the discloser; or

(iv) which was independently developed by the recipient without reference to any Confidential
Information as established by appropriate documentation; or

(v) which the recipient is required to disclose under law or under the regulations of any
governmental entity or agency having jurisdiction and lawfully requesting the same, or by any court
of competent jurisdiction acting pursuant to its powers, provided however, that in such case the
receiving shall immediately give as much advance notice as feasible to the disclosing Party so that
the disclosing Party may seek a protective order or other remedy. In any event, the recipient
shall disclose only that portion of the Confidential Information that, in the opinion of its legal
counsel, is legally required to be disclosed and will exercise reasonable efforts to ensure that
any such information so disclosed will be accorded confidential treatment.

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

28 

13.3 Exchange of Information . Each Party will timely report to the other any
information concerning any side effect, injury, toxicity or sensitivity reaction associated with
Clinical Studies, investigations or tests of the APIs, the Drug Combination, the Formulation or the
Product. In reporting such incidents, the reporting Party will use reasonable efforts to indicate
whether, in its judgment, any of them are unexpected or unusual in type, incidence or severity.

13.4 No Implied Waiver . Failure by either Party hereto on one or more occasions to
avail itself of a right conferred by this Agreement shall in no event be construed as a waiver of
such Party s right to enforce said right in the future.

13.5 Choice of Law . This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder,
including matters of construction, validity and performance, shall be exclusively governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

13.6 Notices . Any notice and other communication required or permitted to be given
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered personally, telecopied or
received by registered mail, return receipt requested, to the Parties at the following addresses:

If to EURAND, to:

Eurand, Inc. 
845 Center Drive 
Vandalia, OH 45377 
Attention: Office of Business Development 
Fax: (937) 898-1093

If to AVANIR, to:

Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
101 Enterprise, Suite 300 
Aliso Viejo, CA 92656 
Attention: Chief Financial Officer 
Fax: (949) 643-6800

or at such other addresses as the Parties may designate by notice sent in accordance with this
Section 13.6.

13.7 Rights in Bankruptcy . All rights and licenses granted under or pursuant to this
Agreement by EURAND are, and shall otherwise be deemed to be, for purposes of Section 365(n) of the
U.S. Bankruptcy Code or analogous provisions of Applicable Law outside the United States, licenses
of right to intellectual property as defined under Section 101 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or
analogous provisions of Applicable Law outside the United States (hereinafter IP ). The Parties
agree that AVANIR, as licensee of such rights under this Agreement, shall retain and may fully
exercise all of its rights and elections under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or any other provisions of
Applicable Law outside the United States that provide similar protection for IP. The Parties
further agree that, in the event of the commencement of a bankruptcy proceeding by or against
EURAND under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or analogous provisions of Applicable Law outside the United
States, AVANIR shall be entitled to a complete duplicate of (or complete access to, as appropriate)
any such IP and all embodiments of such IP, which, if not already in AVANIR s possession, shall be
promptly delivered to it upon AVANIR s written request therefor. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
this Section 13.7 does not grant AVANIR any rights

CONFIDENTIAL

29 

that are not otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement and mandated by the United States
Bankruptcy Code or analogous provisions of Applicable Law outside the United States.

13.8 Execution of Additional Documents . Each Party hereto agrees to execute such
further documents or agreements as may be reasonably necessary or desirable to affect the purpose
of this Agreement and carry out its provisions.

13.9 Severability . In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be held
invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, such holding shall not invalidate
or render unenforceable any other provision hereof.

13.10 Captions . The article and section captions in this Agreement have been inserted
as a matter of convenience and are not part of this Agreement.

13.11 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original of this Agreement and all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument.

13.12 Independent Relationship . Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to create an
employment, agency, joint venture or partnership relationship between the Parties hereto or any of
their agents or employees, or any other legal arrangement that would impose liability upon one
Party for the act or failure to act of the other Party. Neither Party shall have any power to
enter into any contracts or commitments or to incur any liabilities in the name of, or on behalf
of, the other or to bind the other Party in any respect whatsoever. All activities undertaken by
EURAND hereunder shall be that of an independent contractor.

13.13 Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the
Parties related to subject matter hereof, and this Agreement cannot be amended, varied or abridged
in any manner except by amendment in writing duly signed by the Parties. This Agreement takes the
place of any existing agreement, arrangements or discussions between the Parties relating to the
subject matter hereof, whether oral or written.

13.14 Publicity . Except for such disclosure as is deemed necessary in the reasonable
judgment of a Party to comply with Applicable Laws, no public announcement, news release,
statement, publication, or presentation relating to the existence of this Agreement, the subject
matter hereof, or either Party s performance hereunder will be made without the other Party s prior
written approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, (i) the Parties agree to each issue a press release promptly after the Effective
Date, and subsequent press releases upon the achievement of significant Development Milestones, the
form and content of such releases shall be agreed in writing in advance by both Parties, (ii)
either Party may publish and republish, in whole or in part, any publicity release and/or make any
statement to communication media, financial analysts or others that is the same or substantially
similar to a publicity release or statement that has been previously approved by the other Party in
accordance with the terms hereof, without obtaining the prior approval of such other Party, and
(iii) either Party may upon notice to the other make any disclosure in filings with regulatory
agencies or exchanges or as required by law or applicable court order; provided that the other
Party shall have the opportunity to consult on such disclosures and filings.

13.15 Resolution of Disputes .

(a) Any dispute relating to this Agreement; the making, performance, nonperformance or
termination thereof; or any transaction in that connection out of this Agreement shall

CONFIDENTIAL

30 

be resolved in the following manner. The dispute shall first be submitted to the Chief
Commercial Officer of EURAND (or his designee) and the Chief Executive Officer of AVANIR (or his
designee), who shall meet and attempt to resolve the matter. If the dispute cannot be resolved per
the preceding sentence within Calendar Days of its submission, either
Party may submit the matter to arbitration conducted in New York, New York in accordance with the
Commercial Arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA ). The award of
such arbitration shall be final, binding and non-appealable, except to the extent provided for in
the rules of the AAA. The arbitrator(s) will have the discretion to impose the cost of the
arbitration upon the losing Party or divide it between the Parties upon any terms which he/they
deem appropriate; provided, however, that (i) each Party shall bear its own legal fees and costs.
A judgment upon an award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court of competent
jurisdiction, or application may be made to such court for confirmation of such award or a judicial
acceptance of such award, and for an order of enforcement or other legal remedy.

(b) If the total aggregate amount at issue in a dispute to be arbitrated is less than ,
the number of arbitrators shall be one (1). The arbitrator shall be selected by the AAA. If the
total aggregate amount at issue in a dispute to be arbitrated is equal to or greater than , the
number of arbitrators shall be three (3). Each Party shall select one (1) arbitrator from among a
list of qualified arbitrators compiled by the AAA. The two arbitrators so selected shall select a
third qualified arbitrator, who shall act as president of the tribunal. If the two arbitrators
selected by the Parties fail to agree on the third arbitrator within thirty (30) Calendar Days of
the selection of the second arbitrator, the third qualified arbitrator shall be designated in
accordance with the rules of the of the AAA. In addition to the qualification criteria for
arbitrators established by the rules of the AAA, each arbitrator shall meet the following
additional criteria: (i) the arbitrator shall be experienced in resolving the type of dispute(s)
at issue; and (ii) the arbitrator shall have a technical or intellectual property related
background and/or knowledge relevant to the dispute.

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may seek interim relief from any court of
competent jurisdiction (including, without limitation, injunctive relief) pending the outcome of
any dispute resolution procedure set forth in this Section 13.15.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly
authorized representatives as of the Effective Date.

EURAND, INC. 

AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By:

By: 

Name:

John Fraher

Name:

Eric Brandt

Title:

President

Title:

Chief Executive Officer 

Date:

August 7, 2006

Date:

August 7, 2006 

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

31 

EXHIBIT A: 

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT PROPOSAL 

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

CONFIDENTIAL

32 

EXHIBIT B 

EURAND Patent Rights 

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

EXHIBIT C 

AVANIR Patent Rights 

Portions of this page have been omitted
pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the
Commission. 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.34>
 6
 a25225exv10w34.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.34

Exhibit 10.34 

Exhibit 10.34

Award No. 

AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS 

Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement 

This Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (the Agreement is dated as of and
is entered into between Avanir Pharmaceuticals, a California corporation (the Company ), and
 (the Awardee ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the
respective meanings set forth in the Plan.

RECITALS

A. The Company s 2003 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan provides that the Company
may issue stock awards, including awards of restricted stock units.

B. On , the Board of Directors, acting directly or through its Compensation
Committee, approved the grant of the following restricted stock units, representing the right to
receive shares of Class A common stock of the Company upon the vesting schedule set forth below in
Section 2 (the Restricted Stock Units ).

AGREEMENT

In consideration of the mutual promises set forth below, the parties hereto agree as
follows:

1. Award of Restricted Stock Units . Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and the Plan (the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference) and effective as
of the date set forth above, the Company hereby grants to the Awardee Restricted Stock
Units.

2. Vesting . The Restricted Stock Units shall vest with respect to one-quarter of
the underlying shares on the first anniversary of the grant date and then with respect to the
remaining shares quarterly thereafter over the next three years. 

3. Effect of Termination . Following the Termination of a Awardee s service, the
unvested portions of the Restricted Stock Units, if any, as of the date of Termination shall be
forfeited.

4. Distribution . Stock certificates evidencing a one-for-one conversion (adjusted
as provided in the Plan) of vested Restricted Stock Units into Shares (the Certificate shall be
issued and registered in the Awardee s name as promptly as practicable following a particular
Vesting Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the distribution of the shares and the issuance of
the Certificates may, for directors and officers of the Company, be deferred beyond the vesting
date if such director or officer executes and delivers a deferral election form, which is available
from Secretary of the Company. In the case of Awardee s death, Certificates shall be delivered to
the Awardee s beneficiary or estate as soon as practicable.

5. Dividends . Participants holding Restricted Stock Units shall not be entitled to
receive cash payments equal to any cash dividends and other distributions paid with respect to a

corresponding number of Shares until the underlying Shares have been delivered in accordance with
this Agreement.

6. Tax Withholding Obligations . In circumstances in which tax withholding is
applicable, to meet any such obligations of the Company and Awardee that might arise with respect
to any withholding taxes, FICA contributions, or the like under any federal, state, or local
statute, ordinance, rule, or regulation in or connection with the award, deferral, or settlement of
the Restricted Stock Units, the Awardee shall remit to the Company an amount of cash sufficient to
meet the withholding requirements and/or, withhold the required amounts from the Awardee s pay
during the pay periods next following the date on which any such applicable tax liability otherwise
arises. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, allow Awardee to
satisfy such withholding obligations upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units by the
withholding a number of Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the Company s statutory
withholding obligations. The Company shall not deliver any of the Certificates until and unless the
Awardee has made the payment(s) required herein or proper provision for required withholding has
been made. The Awardee hereby consents to any action reasonably taken by the Company to meet the
withholding obligations.

7. Restriction on Transferability . Until distribution, the Restricted Stock Units
may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated at any time. Any attempt to
do so contrary to the provisions hereof shall be null and void. Notwithstanding the above,
distribution can be made pursuant to will, the laws of descent and distribution, intra-family
transfer instruments or to an inter vivos trust.

8. Rights as Shareholder . The Awardee shall not have voting or any other rights as
a shareholder of the Company with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. Upon settlement of the
Restricted Stock Units into Shares, the Awardee will obtain full voting and other rights as a
shareholder of the Company.

9. Administration . The Committee shall have the power to interpret the Plan and
this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation, and application of
the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules. All actions taken
and all interpretations and determinations made by the Committee shall be final and binding upon
the Awardee, the Company, and all other interested persons. No member of the Committee shall be
personally liable for any action, determination, or interpretation made in good faith with respect
to the Plan or this Agreement.

10. Effect on Other Employee Benefit Plans . The value of the Restricted Stock Units
granted pursuant to this Agreement shall not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or
other similar terms used when calculating the Awardee s benefits under any Awardee or other benefit
plan sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate except as such plan otherwise expressly provides.
The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company s or
any Affiliate s employee benefit plans.

11. Effect on Service . The award of the Restricted Stock Units pursuant to this
Agreement shall not give the Awardee any right to remain in the service of the Company or any
Affiliate. The award is completely within the discretion of the Company. It is not made as a part
of any

2 

ongoing element of compensation or something that the Awardee should expect to receive
annually or on any other periodic basis. It does not constitute part of the Awardee s compensation
for purposes of determining any post-employment payment or severance.

12. Amendment . This Agreement may be amended only by a writing executed by the
Company and the Awardee which specifically states that it is amending this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended solely by the Committee by a writing
which specifically states that it is amending this Agreement, so long as a copy of such amendment
is delivered to the Awardee, and provided that no such amendment adversely affects the rights of
the Awardee (but limiting the foregoing, the Committee reserves the right to change, by written
notice to the Awardee, the provisions of the Restricted Stock Units or this Agreement in any way it
may deem necessary or advisable to carry out the purpose of the grant as a result of any change in
applicable laws or regulations or any future law, regulation, ruling, or judicial decision,
provided that any such change shall be applicable only to Restricted Stock Units which are then
subject to restrictions as provided herein).

13. Notices . Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the
Company shall be addressed to the Secretary of the Company. Any notice to be given to the Awardee
shall be addressed to the Awardee at the address listed in the Company s records. By a notice given
pursuant to this Section, either party may designate a different address for notices. Any notice
shall have been deemed given when actually delivered.

14. Severability . If all or any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by
any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity
shall not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or
invalid. Any Section of this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or
invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such
Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid.

15. Construction . The Restricted Stock Units are being issued pursuant the Plan and
are subject to the terms of the Plan, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. A
copy of the Plan has been given to the Awardee, and additional copies of the Plan are available
upon request during normal business hours at the principal executive offices of the Company. To the
extent that any provision of this Agreement violates or is inconsistent with an express provision
of the Plan, the Plan provision shall govern and any inconsistent provision in this Agreement shall
be of no force or effect.

16. Miscellaneous .

(a) The Board may terminate, amend, or modify the Plan; provided, however, that no such
termination, amendment, or modification of the Plan may in any way adversely affect the
Participant s rights under this Agreement, without the Participant s written approval.

(b) This Agreement shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to
such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required.

3 

(c) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement, with respect to the
Restricted Stock Units, shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of
such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise,
of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company.

(d) By signing this Agreement, the Awardee acknowledges that his or her personal employment
information regarding participation in the Plan and information necessary to determine and pay, if
applicable, benefits under the Plan must be shared with other entities, including companies related
to the Company and persons responsible for certain acts in the administration of the Plan. By
signing this Agreement the Awardee consents to such transmission of personal data as the Company
believes is appropriate to administer the Plan.

(e) To the extent not preempted by federal law, this Agreement shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed and delivered this Agreement effective as of the
day and year first above written.

AWARDEE 
 
 AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS 

By: 

Signature

Name: 

Title: 

Print Name

4 

EXHIBIT A 

Award No.

Award Date:

No. Shares:

DIRECTOR AND OFFICER 

RSU DEFERRAL ELECTION 

The following constitutes an election by the undersigned director or officer of Avanir
Pharmaceuticals to defer payment of vested benefits pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit award
referred to above granted to the undersigned under the Avanir 2003 2005 Equity Incentive Plan Plan ).

1. 
 
 Election : The undersigned hereby elects to receive the distribution (in Company
Shares) of Avanir Class A common stock underlying vested Restricted Stock Units as follows
(please select one of the three distribution choices below): 

In one lump sum upon termination of my service (as defined in the Plan) (such
event being, a Termination of Service or 

In one lump sum on (but not before my Termination of Service); or 

In equal annual installments, starting on (but not before my
Termination of Service). 

In the event of death, Disability (as determined under the Plan) or a Change in Control as defined
in the Plan, distribution on vested Restricted Stock Units shall be made immediately in one lump
sum.

2. 
 
 Change of Election : I hereby acknowledge that I may not change the date of the
distribution as elected above unless I do so at least twelve months prior to the date the
first distribution is due under the election above and at least twelve months prior to the
date my new election is scheduled to take effect. I also acknowledge that if I change my
distribution date elected above, the first date I may receive any distribution with respect
to Shares covered by this election is not earlier then five years after the date payment
would otherwise have been made pursuant to the election above. Such change must be timely
filed in writing with the Company s stock option administrator. The Company shall have sole
discretion to revise the terms of this election or any change, or the procedures with
respect to making this election or any change, to the extent the Company deems it helpful
or appropriate to comply with applicable law. 

Awardee Signature

Date 

Print Name

5 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.35>
 7
 a25225exv10w35.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.35

Exhibit 10.35 

EXHIBIT 10.35 

AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS 
 2003 2005 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
RESTRICTED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement is made as of 
 , 200 (the Effective Date by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals, a
California corporation (the Company ), and Purchaser ).

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, Purchaser and the Company are parties to that certain Employment Offer Letter dated
as of , 200 (the Offer Letter 

WHEREAS, on , 200_, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved,
either directly or by delegation, the terms of the award conveyed by this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, Purchaser and the Company are now entering into this Agreement pursuant to the
Company s 2003 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan to establish the
terms and conditions of Purchaser s equity participation in the Company, as contemplated in the
Offer Letter.

In consideration of the foregoing, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Sale of Stock . In satisfaction of the Company s obligations the Offer Letter, and
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, on the Purchase Date (as defined below) the
Company will issue and sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser agrees to purchase from the Company,
 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock (the Purchased Shares at a purchase
price of per Share for a total purchase price of . In accordance with Section
8(b) of this Agreement, the Purchased Shares shall be issued pursuant and subject to the terms and
conditions of the Plan. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Shares refers to the
Purchased Shares and all securities received in replacement of the Purchased Shares or as stock
dividends or splits, all securities received in replacement of the Shares in a recapitalization,
merger, reorganization, exchange or the like, and all new, substituted or additional securities or
other properties to which Purchaser is entitled by reason of Purchaser s ownership of the Shares
(including the Purchased Shares).

2. Purchase . The purchase and sale of the Shares under this Agreement shall occur at
the principal office of the Company simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement by the
parties or on such other date as the Company and Purchaser shall agree (the Purchase
Date ). As promptly as practicable after the Purchase Date, the Company will deliver to the
Company s Secretary, or the Secretary s designee, pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement, a
certificate representing the Shares to be purchased by Purchaser (which shall be issued in

Purchaser s name) against payment of the purchase price therefor on the Purchase Date by
Purchaser by cash or check made payable to the Company.

3. Limitations on Transfer . In addition to any other limitation on transfer created
by applicable securities laws, Purchaser shall not assign, encumber or dispose of any interest in
any portion of the Shares that are subject to the Repurchase Option (defined below). After any
portion of the Shares has been released from the Repurchase Option, Purchaser shall not assign,
encumber or dispose of any interest in such portion except in compliance with the provisions below
and applicable securities laws.

(a) Repurchase Option .

(i) Subject to the vesting schedule set forth in Section 3(a)(iii), the Shares shall, during
the seven-month period immediately following Purchaser s Termination (as defined in the Plan)
(such period being referred to as the Repurchase Period ), be subject to a repurchase
option in favor of the Company (the Repurchase Option ). The repurchase price for the
Repurchase Option shall be equal to the original purchase price per Share, as set forth in Section
1 of this Agreement (adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends and the like), minus the amount
of any cash dividends paid or payable with respect to the Shares for which the record date precedes
the repurchase.

(ii) Unless the Company notifies Purchaser within the Repurchase Period that it does not
intend to exercise its Repurchase Option with respect to some or all of the Shares, the Repurchase
Option shall be deemed automatically exercised by the Company as of the last day of the Repurchase
Period, provided that the Company may notify Purchaser that it is exercising its Repurchase Option
prior to the end of the Repurchase Period. Unless Purchaser is otherwise notified by the Company
that the Company does not intend to exercise its Repurchase Option as to some or all of the
Shares, the execution of this Agreement by the parties constitutes written notice to Purchaser of
the Company s intention to exercise its Repurchase Option with respect to all Shares to which such
Repurchase Option applies. The Company, at its choice, may satisfy its payment obligation to
Purchaser with respect to exercise of the Repurchase Option by either (A) delivering a check to
Purchaser in the amount of the purchase price for the Shares being repurchased, or (B) in the event
Purchaser is indebted to the Company, canceling an amount of such indebtedness equal to the
purchase price for the Shares being repurchased, or (C) by a combination of (A) and (B) so that the
combined payment and cancellation of indebtedness equals such purchase price. In the event of any
deemed automatic exercise of the Repurchase Option pursuant to this Section 3(a)(ii) in which
Purchaser is indebted to the Company, such indebtedness equal to the purchase price of the Shares
being repurchased shall be deemed automatically canceled as of the last day of the Repurchase
Period unless the Company otherwise satisfies its payment obligations. Any failure on the part of
the Company to promptly satisfy its payment obligations for the Repurchase Option shall not, in any
way, affect the enforceability of the Company s exercise of the Repurchase Option. As a result of
any repurchase of Shares pursuant to this Section 3(a), the Company shall become the legal and
beneficial owner of the Shares being repurchased and shall have all rights and interest therein or
related thereto, and the Company shall have the right to transfer to its own name the number of
Shares being repurchased by the Company, without further action by Purchaser.

2 

(iii) All of the Shares shall initially be subject to the Repurchase Option. Provided that
Purchaser remains continuously employed by the Company (or continues to provide services to the
Company as a consultant), the Shares shall be released from the Repurchase Option on the 
anniversary of the Commencement Date. OR with respect to one-quarter of the Shares on the
 first anniversary of the Commencement Date and then with respect to of the Shares
 quarterly / monthly thereafter over the next quarters / months . 

(b) Restrictions Binding on Transferees . All transferees of Shares or any interest
therein will receive and hold such Shares or interest subject to the provisions of this Agreement,
including insofar as applicable the Company s Repurchase Option. Any sale or transfer of the
Shares shall be void unless the provisions of this Agreement are satisfied.

(c) Termination of Rights . Upon the expiration of the Repurchase Option, a new
certificate or certificates representing the Shares not repurchased shall be issued, on request,
without the legend referred to in Section 5(a) below and delivered to Purchaser.

4. Escrow of Unvested Shares . For the purpose of facilitating the enforcement of the
provisions of Section 3 above, Purchaser agrees, immediately upon receipt of the certificate(s) for
the Shares subject to the Repurchase Option, to deliver such certificate(s), together with an
Assignment Separate from Certificate in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A 
executed by Purchaser and by Purchaser s spouse (if required for transfer), in blank, to the
Secretary of the Company, or the Secretary s designee, to hold such certificate(s) and Assignment
Separate from Certificate in escrow and to take all such actions and to effectuate all such
transfers and/or releases as are in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Purchaser hereby
acknowledges that the Secretary of the Company, or the Secretary s designee, is so appointed as the
escrow holder with the foregoing authorities as a material inducement to make this Agreement and
that said appointment is coupled with an interest and is accordingly irrevocable. Purchaser agrees
that said escrow holder shall not be liable to any party hereof (or to any other party). The
escrow holder may rely upon any letter, notice or other document executed by any signature
purported to be genuine and may resign at any time. Purchaser agrees that if the Secretary of the
Company, or the Secretary s designee, resigns as escrow holder for any or no reason, the Board of
Directors of the Company shall have the power to appoint a successor to serve as escrow holder
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

5. Transfer Restrictions .

(a) Legends . The certificate or certificates representing the Shares shall bear the
following legend regarding the Repurchase Option:

THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO THE REPURCHASE OPTION OF
THE COMPANY AND MAY BE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF AN AGREEMENT
BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE STOCKHOLDER, A

3 

COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE COMPANY.

(b) Stop-Transfer Notices . Purchaser agrees that, in order to ensure compliance with
the restrictions referred to herein, the Company may issue appropriate stop transfer instructions
to its transfer agent, if any, and that, if the Company transfers its own securities, it may make
appropriate notations to the same effect in its own records.

(c) Refusal to Transfer . The Company shall not be required (i) to transfer on its
books any Shares that have been sold or otherwise transferred in violation of any of the provisions
of this Agreement or (ii) to treat as owner of such Shares or to accord the right to vote or pay
dividends to any purchaser or other transferee to whom such Shares shall have been so transferred.

6. No Employment Rights . Nothing in this Agreement shall affect in any manner
whatsoever the right or power of the Company, or a parent or subsidiary of the Company, to
terminate Purchaser s employment or consulting relationship, for any reason, with or without cause.

7. Section 83(b) Election . Purchaser understands that Section 83(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), taxes as ordinary income the difference
between the amount paid for the Shares and the fair market value of the Shares as of the date any
restrictions on the Shares lapse. In this context, restriction means the right of the Company to
buy back the Shares pursuant to the Repurchase Option set forth in Section 3(a) of this Agreement.
Despite the fact that it might be unusual to make the following election in the circumstances of
this Agreement (because of the significant taxes due in the year of the election), Purchaser
understands that Purchaser may elect to be taxed at the time the Shares are purchased, rather than
when and as the Repurchase Option expires, by filing an election under Section 83(b) (an 83(b)
Election of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service within 30 days from the date
of purchase. In this case, the difference between the fair market value of the Shares at the time
of the execution of this Agreement and the amount Purchaser is paying for the Shares makes it
unlikely that Purchaser will choose to make an 83(b) Election, as such election would require that
Purchaser pay taxes on that difference at the time the Shares are purchased. However, the 83(b)
Election must be made if the Purchaser wishes to avoid additional income under Section 83(a) in the
future. Accordingly, Purchaser understands that failure to file such an election in a timely
manner may result in adverse tax consequences for Purchaser. Purchaser further understands that an
additional copy of such election form should be filed with his or her federal income tax return for
the calendar year in which the date of this Agreement falls. Purchaser acknowledges that the
foregoing is only a summary of the effect of United States federal income taxation with respect to
purchase of the Shares hereunder, and does not purport to be complete. Purchaser further
acknowledges that the Company has directed Purchaser to seek independent advice regarding the
applicable provisions of the Code, the income tax laws of any municipality, state or foreign
country in which Purchaser may reside, the tax consequences of Purchaser s death and the decision
as to whether or not to file an 83(b) Election in connection with the acquisition of the Shares.

4 

Purchaser agrees that he will execute and deliver to the Company with this executed Agreement
a copy of the Acknowledgment and Statement of Decision Regarding Section 83(b) Election (the
 Acknowledgment ), attached hereto as Exhibit B . Purchaser further agrees that
Purchaser will execute and submit with the Acknowledgment a copy of the 83(b) Election, attached
hereto as Exhibit C , if Purchaser has indicated in the Acknowledgment his or her decision
to make such an election.

8. Miscellaneous .

(a) Withholding . Purchaser agrees and acknowledges that Shares will not be released
from escrow and will in fact be forfeited back to the Company at no cost to the Company in the
event Purchaser fails to make arrangements suitable to the Company in its sole discretion so that
the Company may satisfy its withholding obligation; if any, under this Agreement methods of
withholding may include payment in cash or check, withholding of wages, delivery if previously
owned shares or reduction in the number of Shares which may be released from escrow under this
Agreement.

(b) Plan Terms . This Agreement is entered into pursuant to the Plan and is subject in
all respects to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference.
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the
Plan. In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and the terms and conditions of the
Plan, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall govern. Purchaser acknowledges that, prior to
execution of this Agreement, he/she has been provided with a copy of the Plan and the related Plan
prospectus.

(c) Entire Agreement; Amendments and Waivers . This Agreement, the Plan and the Offer
Letter set forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject
matter herein and merge all prior discussions between them. No modification of or amendment to
this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in
writing signed by the parties to this Agreement. The failure by either party to enforce any rights
under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any rights of such party.

(d) Severability . If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be
unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith.
In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for
such provision, then (i) such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement, (ii) the balance of
this Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (iii) the balance of
this Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.

(e) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument.

Signature Page Follows 

5 

The parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY: 

AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address:

11388 Sorrento Valley Road 

San Diego, CA 92121 

PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO SECTION 3 HEREOF IS
EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING SERVICE AS AN EMPLOYEE OR CONSULTANT AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY.
PURCHASER FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL CONFER UPON
PURCHASER ANY RIGHT WITH RESPECT TO CONTINUATION OF SUCH EMPLOYMENT OR CONSULTING RELATIONSHIP WITH
THE COMPANY, NOR SHALL IT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PURCHASER S RIGHT OR THE COMPANY S RIGHT TO
TERMINATE PURCHASER S EMPLOYMENT OR CONSULTING RELATIONSHIP AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.

PURCHASER: 

Name 

(Signature) 

Address: 

I, , spouse of 
 , have read and hereby approve the
foregoing Agreement. In consideration of the Company s granting my spouse the right to purchase
the Shares as set forth in the Agreement, I hereby agree to be irrevocably bound by the Agreement
and further agree that any community property or similar interest that I may have in the Shares
shall be similarly bound by the Agreement. I hereby appoint my spouse as my attorney-in-fact with
respect to any amendment or exercise of any rights under the Agreement.

Spouse of 

6 

EXHIBIT A 

ASSIGNMENT SEPARATE FROM CERTIFICATE 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED and pursuant to that certain Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement between
the undersigned Purchaser and Avanir Pharmaceuticals (the Company dated as
of (the Agreement ), Purchaser hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto the
Company shares of the Class A Common Stock of the
Company standing in Purchaser s name on the Company s books and represented by Certificate No.
 , and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint to transfer said
stock on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the premises. THIS ASSIGNMENT
MAY ONLY BE USED AS AUTHORIZED BY THE AGREEMENT AND THE EXHIBITS THERETO.

Dated: 

Signature: 

Spouse of 

Instruction: Please do not fill in any blanks other than the signature line. The purpose of this
assignment is to enable the Company to exercise its repurchase option set forth in the Agreement
without requiring additional signatures on the part of Purchaser.

EXHIBIT B 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND STATEMENT OF DECISION 
 REGARDING SECTION 83(b) ELECTION 

The undersigned has entered a Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement with Avanir Pharmaceuticals,
a California corporation (the Company ), pursuant to which the undersigned is purchasing
 shares of Class A common stock of the Company (the Shares ). In connection with
the purchase of the Shares, the undersigned hereby represents as follows:

1. The undersigned has carefully reviewed the Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement pursuant to
which the undersigned is purchasing the Shares.

2. The undersigned either check and complete as applicable :

(a) 
 
 has consulted, and has been fully advised by, the undersigned s own tax
advisor, , whose business address is
 , regarding the federal, state and local tax consequences
of purchasing the Shares, and particularly regarding the advisability of making
elections pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the Code and pursuant to the corresponding provisions, if any, of
applicable state law; or 

(b) 
 
 has knowingly chosen not to consult such a tax advisor. 

3. The undersigned hereby states that the undersigned has decided check as applicable :

(a) 
 
 to make an election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code, and is
submitting to the Company, together with the undersigned s executed Restricted Stock
Purchase Agreement, an executed form entitled Election Under Section 83(b) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or 

(b) 
 
 not to make an election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code. 

4. Neither the Company nor any subsidiary or representative of the Company has made any
warranty or representation to the undersigned with respect to the tax consequences of the
undersigned s purchase of the Shares or of the making or failure to make an election pursuant to
Section 83(b) of the Code or the corresponding provisions, if any, of applicable state law.

Date:

Date:

Spouse of 

EXHIBIT C 

ELECTION UNDER SECTION 83(b) 
 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 

The undersigned taxpayer hereby elects, pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue
Code, to include in taxpayer s gross income for the current taxable year, the amount of any
compensation taxable to taxpayer in connection with taxpayer s receipt of the property described
below:

1. 
 
 The name, address, taxpayer identification number and taxable year of the undersigned
are as follows: 

NAME OF TAXPAYER: 

NAME OF SPOUSE: 

ADDRESS: 

IDENTIFICATION NO. OF TAXPAYER: 

IDENTIFICATION NO. OF SPOUSE: 

TAXABLE YEAR: 

2. 
 
 The property with respect to which the election is made is described as follows: 

shares of the Class A Common Stock, of Avanir Pharmaceuticals, a California
corporation (the Company ). 

3. 
 
 The date on which the property was transferred is: 

4. 
 
 The property is subject to the following restrictions: 

Repurchase option at cost in favor of the Company upon termination of taxpayer s employment
or consulting relationship or failure of vesting criteria. 

5. 
 
 The fair market value at the time of transfer, determined without regard to any
restriction other than a restriction which by its terms will never lapse, of such
property is: 
 . 

6. 
 
 The amount (if any) paid for such property: 

The undersigned has submitted a copy of this statement to the person for whom the services were
performed in connection with the undersigned s receipt of the above-described property. The
transferee of such property is the person performing the services in connection with the transfer
of said property.

The undersigned understands that the foregoing election may not be revoked except with the
consent of the Commissioner .

Date:

Taxpayer 

Date:

Spouse of Taxpayer 

RECEIPT 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals hereby acknowledges receipt of cash or a check in the amount of
 given by as consideration for Certificate No. for
 shares of Class A Common Stock of Avanir Pharmaceuticals.

Dated: 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals 

By: 

Title: 

RECEIPT AND CONSENT 

The
undersigned hereby acknowledges receipt of a photocopy of Certificate No. for
 shares of Common Stock of Avanir Pharmaceuticals (the Company ).

The undersigned further acknowledges that the Secretary of the Company, or his or her
designee, is acting as escrow holder pursuant to the Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement the
undersigned has previously entered into with the Company. As escrow holder, the Secretary of the
Company, or his or her designee, holds the original of the aforementioned certificate issued in the
undersigned s name.

Dated: 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-10.39>
 8
 a25225exv10w39.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.39

Exhibit 10.39 

EXHIBIT
10.39

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Agreement ), dated as of May 4, 2006 (the Effective
Date ), is made by and between AVANIR Pharmaceuticals, a California corporation (the
 Company ), and Michael J. Puntoriero Employee ).

AGREEMENT

1. Commencement Date . Employee s employment with the Company, which initially
commenced on May 1, 2006, shall commence under the terms of this Agreement on the Effective Date
(the Commencement Date ).

2. At-will Employment . Employee s employment relationship with the Company Employment is at-will, terminable at any time and for any reason by either the Company
or Employee. While certain sections of this Agreement describe events that could occur at a
particular time in the future, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a guarantee of
employment of any length.

3. Employment Duties .

(a) Title/Responsibilities . Employee shall serve as a Senior Vice President and as
Chief Financial Officer of the Company upon election by the Board of Directors (or at a defined
date specified by the Board). Employee shall perform all of the duties and responsibilities of
such offices set forth in the Bylaws of the Company and those commonly associated with such offices
and such further duties and responsibilities as may from time to time be assigned to him by the
President and Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors of the Company (the
 Board ).

(b) Full-Time Attention . Employee shall devote his full time, attention, energy and
skills to the Company during the period he is employed under this Agreement.

(c) Policy Compliance . Employee shall comply with all of the Company s policies,
practices and procedures, including the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement (defined below).

4. Compensation .

(a) Base Salary . The Company shall pay Employee a base salary of 25,000 per month
(an annual rate of 300,000), or such higher amount as the Board may determine from time to time Base Salary ), payable in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices.

(b) Bonus Compensation . In addition to the Base Salary, Employee shall be eligible
for the following bonus compensation:

(i) Signing Bonus . Employee shall receive a signing bonus upon the Commencement Date
in the amount of 40,000, but which amount shall be immediately repaid to the Company if, within
one year from the Commencement Date, Employee is terminated with Cause or resigns and such
resignation is not a Resignation for Good Reason (as defined in the Change of Control Agreement).

(ii) Annual Bonus . Employee shall receive an annual target bonus equal to 35 of the
then-current annual Base Salary, which bonus is payable in October 2006 (pro-rated for 2006 from
the Commencement Date) and annually thereafter, provided that the actual bonus may be higher or
lower than the target amount, depending on the Employee s satisfaction of performance criteria
(which may include Company overall performance criteria) established by the President and Chief
Executive Officer and the Compensation Committee of the Board. Employee must be employed by the
Company when bonuses are distributed in order to be eligible to receive any portion of such bonus.

(c) Equity Compensation . Employee shall be granted the following equity awards as
additional compensation:

(i) Restricted Stock Award . On the Commencement Date, Employee shall be awarded the
right to purchase 10,000 shares of Class A common stock (the Restricted Shares at a
price of 0.001 per share. The Restricted Shares will be subject to a right of repurchase in favor
of the Company. The Restricted Stock will vest, and the Company s right of repurchase will lapse,
with respect to one-third of the shares of Restricted Stock on the first anniversary of the
Commencement Date and then with respect to one-twelfth of the shares quarterly thereafter so that
the Restricted Stock will be fully vested upon the third anniversary of the Commencement Date.

(ii) Initial Option Grant . On the Commencement Date, Employee will receive an
inducement option to purchase up to 100,000 shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price
equal to 100 of the fair market value of the underlying shares on the date of grant (the
 Initial Option ). The Initial Option will have a ten-year term and will be subject to a
four-year vesting schedule, vesting with respect to 25 of the underlying shares one year after the
grant and the with respect to the remaining shares in 12 equal installments on a quarterly basis
thereafter. The Initial Option will be granted outside of the Company s equity incentive plans,
but will be subject in all material respects to the terms and conditions set forth in the Company s
2005 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Company s form of non-qualified stock
option agreement adopted for use under the Plan.

(iii) Annual Option Grant . Commencing in November 2006, Employee will be eligible to
receive an annual target option grant equal to the greater of 25,000 shares of Class A common stock
or the amount set for other Senior Vice Presidents of the Company SVPs (the Annual
Option ), with an exercise price equal to 100 of the fair market value of the underlying
shares on the date of grant, subject to a four-year vesting schedule, vesting with respect to 25 
of the underlying shares one year after the grant and vesting with respect to the remaining shares
in 12 equal installments on a quarterly basis thereafter. Each Annual Option will be subject to
the terms and conditions of the Company s equity incentive plans. The size of the option grants
shall be established by the Compensation Committee and may be larger or

2 

smaller than the target size, depending on the Employee s satisfaction of performance criteria
(which may include Company overall performance criteria) established by the President and Chief
Executive Officer or Compensation Committee of the Board. The Annual Option granted in November
2006 shall be prorated from the Commencement Date.

(iv) Award Adjustments . The foregoing share amounts and share purchase prices shall
be adjusted, as necessary, to give effect to: (A) any stock split, reverse stock split, stock
dividend, recapitalization or similar transaction affecting the Company s Class A common stock that
is effected after the Effective Date, or (B) any change in the aggregate compensation payable to
executive officers of the Company, as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors.

(d) Employee Benefits . Employee shall be entitled to participate in all employee
benefit plans, programs and arrangements maintained by the Company and made available to employees
generally, including, without limitation, retirement, profit sharing and savings plans and medical,
disability, dental, life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance plans and vacation Benefit Plans ). The Employee s participation in Benefit Plans shall be on the same
basis and terms as are applicable to other SVPs. Notwithstanding any contrary terms of the
Company s Benefit Plans: (i) the Company shall, subject to the last sentence of this Section 4(d)
and during the term of this Agreement, either provide Employee with term life insurance in the
amount of 2.5 million or reimburse Employee for the premium costs of such a policy, and (ii)
Employee shall be entitled to 5 weeks of vacation per year of service (subject to the Company s
applicable vacation accrual limits), with the first 2 weeks to accrue immediately upon the
Commencement Date and the remaining 3 weeks for the first year of service to accrue ratably over a
period of one year from the Commencement Date. Notwithstanding clause (i) of this Section 4(d), if
the Company subsequently agrees to provide Employee with death benefits substantially similar to
the benefits payable in connection with a termination without Cause (including cash severance
payments and treatment of equity awards), the Company shall thereafter only be required to maintain
or reimburse Employee for a term life insurance policy in the amount of 1 million.

(e) Reimbursement of Expenses . During his Employment with the Company, Employee shall
be entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary business expenses incurred on behalf
of the Company, including without limitation, travel and entertainment expenses, business supplies
and cellular phone expenses, in each case in accordance with the Company s then-existing policies
and procedures.

5. Confidentiality Agreement . Employee shall, on the Commencement Date, execute and
deliver to the Company the Employee Confidentiality and Inventions Agreement Confidentiality
Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1 .

6. Non-Solicitation . During his Employment, and for a period of 12 months thereafter,
whether for Employee s own account or the account of any other person, Employee shall not solicit,
directly or indirectly, any employee to leave his or her employment with the Company. For purposes
of this Agreement, the phrase, shall not solicit, directly or indirectly, includes, without
limitation, that Employee shall not: (i) identify any Company employees to any third party as
potential candidates for employment, such as by disclosing the names,

3 

backgrounds, compensation or qualifications of any Company employees; (ii) personally or
through any other person approach, recruit or otherwise solicit employees of Company to work for
any other employer; or (iii) participate in any pre-employment interview with any person who was
employed by the Company while Employee was employed by the Company whether under this Agreement or
otherwise. It shall not be a violation of this Agreement for Employee to respond if any employee
or former employee of Company initiates contact with Employee for the purposes discussed in this
paragraph.

7. Agreement with Previous Employers . Employee represents and warrants to the Company
that he does not have any agreement (other than customary confidentiality agreements) with any
previous employer that prevents him from performing his duties and responsibilities under this
Agreement or that in any way limits his performance hereunder.

8. Voluntary Resignation or Termination for Cause . 

(a) Payment upon Voluntary Resignation or Termination for Cause . If Employee
voluntarily resigns his Employment, and such resignation is not a Resignation for Good Reason (as
defined in the Change of Control Agreement), or if Employee is terminated for Cause (defined
below), the Company shall pay Employee all accrued and unpaid Base Salary through the date of
termination and any vacation that is accrued but unused as of such date. Employee shall not be
eligible for Severance Payments, as defined below, or any continuation of benefits (other than
those provided for under the Federal Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act COBRA )), or any other compensation pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise.

(b) Definition of Cause . As set forth above, the Employment relationship between
the parties is at-will, terminable at any time by either party for any reason or no reason. The
termination may nonetheless be for Cause . For purposes of this Agreement,
 Cause means:

(i) Employee s material breach of this Agreement or any confidentiality agreement between the
Company and Employee; or

(ii) Employee s willful and intentional failure or refusal to comply with the Company s
Employee Manual, the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, or other policies or procedures
established by the Company; or

(iii) Employee s willful and intentional appropriation (or attempted appropriation) of a
material business opportunity of the Company, including attempting to secure or securing any
personal profit in connection with any transaction entered into on behalf of the Company; or

(iv) Employee s misappropriation (or attempted misappropriation) of any of the Company s funds
or material property; or

(v) Employee s conviction of, or the entering of a guilty plea or plea of no contest with
respect to a felony, the equivalent thereof, or any other crime with respect to which imprisonment
is a possible punishment; or

4 

(vi) Employee s willful and intentional misconduct or incompetence; or

(vii) Employee s physical or mental Disability, as defined in Section 9 below, resulting in
his inability to perform the essential functions of his position, with reasonable accommodation; or

(viii) Employee s death.

In each case, Cause shall be determined conclusively by the Board, acting in good faith.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no event described in Section 8(b)(i), (ii), (iii) and (vi) above
will give rise to Cause unless it is communicated by the Company to Employee in writing and
unless it is not corrected by the Employee in a manner that is reasonable satisfactory to Company
within 30 days of the Employee s receipt of such written notice.

(c) Termination Without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason . Subject to Section 10,
if Employee: (i) is terminated without Cause, or (ii) resigns in a Resignation for Good Reason, 
(as defined in the Change of Control Agreement), then Employee shall be paid all accrued and unpaid
Base Salary and any accrued but unused vacation through the date of termination. In addition, in
exchange for Employee s execution of a release of all claims against the Company and its
subsidiaries and affiliates effective as of the date of termination and in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit 2 :

(i) Employee shall be eligible to receive severance payments under this Agreement in an amount
equal to 9 months Base Salary and an amount equal to the greater of (x) 26.25 of Base Salary or
(y) 75 of the last bonus, if any, paid to Employee pursuant to Section 4(b)(ii) (the
 Severance Payments ), payable on the earliest of (A) the date which is six (6) months and
a day after Employee s separation from service for any reason, other than death or becoming
 disabled (as such terms are used in Section 409A(a)(2) of the Code), (B) the date of Employee s
death or on which Employee becomes disabled (as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of the
Code), (C) the effective date of a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company
(as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code) or (D) the date such payments or
benefits are no longer deemed by the Code to be subject to penalty tax or interest. The provisions
of this paragraph shall only apply to the extent required to avoid Employee s incurrence of any
penalty tax or interest under Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
promulgated thereunder. In addition, if any provision of this Agreement would cause Employee to
incur any penalty tax or interest under Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury
guidance promulgated thereunder, the Company shall, upon the written request of Employee, reform
such provision to maintain to the maximum extent practicable the original intent of the applicable
provision without violating the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and without creating
additional cost for the Company; and

(ii) the Company s right to repurchase the Restricted Shares under the Restricted Stock
Agreement shall lapse and Employee s ownership of the Restricted Shares shall be fully vested.

9. Employee s Disability or Death . Employee s Employment shall terminate
automatically in the event of Employee s death or Disability. In the event of Employee s death

5 

or Disability, the Company shall pay Employee s estate or Employee all accrued and unpaid Base
Salary through the date of death or Disability and any vacation that is accrued but unused as of
the date of death or Disability. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean the
Employee s failure or inability to perform his duties hereunder, for a period of not less than 90
days within any 120-day period because of Employee s incapacitation due to physical or mental
injury, disability, or illness.

10. Change of Control Benefits .

(a) Severance Benefits . Employee will have the ability to participate in the
Company s standard form of Change of Control Agreement, which will be substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit 5 (the Change of Control Agreement once approved by the
Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. In the event of a Change of Control
Termination, as defined in the Change of Control Agreement, Employee shall be entitled to the
severance and other benefits set forth in the Change of Control Agreement (subject to the
conditions set forth therein), provided, however, that in such case, the Employee will not also be
entitled to severance benefits provided for under Section 8(c) of this Agreement.

(b) Change of Control Benefits . Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the
employee s equity grants (restricted stock and options) will become immediately vested upon the
consummation of a Change of Control.

11. Dispute Resolution Procedures. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement,
Employee agrees that any dispute or controversy arising out of, relating to, or in connection with
this Agreement, or the interpretation, validity, construction, performance, breach, or termination
thereof shall be settled by arbitration, to the extent permitted by law, to be held in Orange
County, California in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes
then in effect of the American Arbitration Association (the Rules and in accordance with
the accompanying Mutual Arbitration Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 3 . The
arbitrator s decision shall be final, conclusive and binding on the parties to the arbitration
pursuant to the Mutual Arbitration Agreement. Judgment may be entered on the decision of the
arbitrator in any court having competent jurisdiction.

12. Notices. Any reports, notices or other communications required or permitted to be
given by either party hereto, shall be given in writing by personal delivery, overnight courier
service, or by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed
to each respective party at the address shown below or other current address:

If to AVANIR:

Avanir Pharmaceuticals 
11388 Sorrento Valley Road 
San Diego, California 92121 
Fax: (858) 658-7455 
Attn: President and Chief Executive Officer

6 

If to Employee:

Michael J. Puntoriero 
 Address 

13. Withholding . All payments to be made hereunder, including Base Salary and bonus
and severance payments, shall be paid less applicable Federal and state withholding taxes.

14. General Provisions .

(a) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of California.

(b) Assignment . Employee may not assign, pledge or encumber his interest in this
Agreement or any part thereof.

(c) No Waiver of Breach . The failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall
not be construed as a waiver of any such provision, nor prevent a party thereafter from enforcing
the provision or any other provision of this Agreement. The rights granted the parties are
cumulative, and the election of one shall not constitute a waiver of such party s right to assert
all other legal and equitable remedies available under the circumstances.

(d) Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any
provision shall be held to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the
remainder of the provisions, or enforceable parts of this Agreement, shall not be affected.

(e) Entire Agreement . This Agreement, the Restricted Stock Agreement, and the
exhibits hereto constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter
of this Agreement and supersede all prior and contemporaneous negotiations, agreements and
understandings between the parties, whether oral or written.

(f) Modifications and Waivers . No modification or waiver of this Agreement shall be
valid unless in writing, signed by the party against whom such modification or waiver is sought to
be enforced.

(g) Amendment . This Agreement may be amended or supplemented only by a writing signed
by both of the parties hereto.

(h) Duplicate Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in duplicate counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original; provided, however, such counterparts shall together
constitute only one agreement.

(i) Interpretation . The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

(j) Drafting Ambiguities . Each party to this Agreement and its counsel have reviewed
and revised this Agreement. The rule of construction that any ambiguities are to be

 7 

resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this
Agreement or any of the amendments to this Agreement.

8 

EXECUTED at San Diego, California, as of the Effective Date.

AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS 

Dated: 5/4/06

By:

/c/ Eric K. Brandt 

Eric K. Brandt

President and Chief Executive Officer

EMPLOYEE 

Dated: 5/4/06 
 
 /c/ Michael J. Puntoriero 

9 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT 1

FORM OF EMPLOYEE CONFIDENTIALITY AND INVENTIONS AGREEMENT 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT 2

GENERAL RELEASE 

This General Release Release is entered into effective as of ,
20 , (the Effective Date by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals, a California
corporation, having its principal offices at 11388 Sorrento Valley Road, San Diego, California
921211 Company and , an individual residing at Employee with reference to the following facts:

RECITALS

A. On , 2006, the parties hereto entered into an Employment Agreement Agreement pursuant to which Employee is eligible in certain circumstances to receive
severance payments for the periods provided in the Agreement from the date of termination of his
Employment Termination Date in exchange for a release by Employee of all claims that he
may have against the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates as of the Termination Date.

B. The parties desire to dispose of, fully and completely, all claims, that Employee may have
against the Company in, the manner set forth in this Release.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the severance payments referenced above and other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Employee
hereby agrees as follows:

1. Release . Employee, for himself/herself and his heirs, successors and assigns,
fully releases, and discharges Company, its officers, directors, employees, shareholders,
attorneys, accountants, other professionals, insurers and agents (collectively Agents ),
and all entities related to each such party, including, but not limited to, heirs, executors,
administrators, personal representatives, assigns, parent, subsidiary and sister corporations,
affiliates, partners and co-venturers (collectively Related Entities ), from all rights,
claims, demands, actions, causes of action, liabilities and obligations of every kind, nature and
description whatsoever, Employee now has, owns or holds or has at anytime had, owned or held or may
have against the Company, Agents or Related Entities from any source whatsoever, whether or not
arising from or related to the facts recited in this Release. Employee specifically releases and
waives any and all claims arising under any express or implied contract, rules, regulation or
ordinance, including, without limitation, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil
Rights Act of 1991, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing
Act, and the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended ADEA ).

2. Section 1542 Waiver . This Release is intended as a full and complete release and
discharge of any and all claims that Employee may have against the Company, Agents or Related
Entities. In making this release, Employee intends to release the Company, Agents and Related
Entities from liability of any nature whatsoever for any claim of damages or injury or for
equitable or declaratory relief of any kind, whether the claim, or any facts on which such claim
might be based, is known or unknown to Employee. Employee expressly waives all rights under

11 

1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California, which Employee understands provides as follows:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR
SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF
KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE
DEBTOR.

Employee acknowledges that he may discover facts different from or in addition to those that
he now believes to be true with respect to this Release. Employee agrees that this Release shall
remain effective notwithstanding the discovery of any different or additional facts.

3. Waiver of Certain Claims . Employee acknowledges that he has been advised in
writing of his right to consult with an attorney prior to executing the waivers set out in this
Release, and that he has been given a 21-day period in which to consider entering into the release
of ADEA claims, if any. In addition, Employee acknowledges that he has been informed that he may
revoke a signed waiver of the ADEA claims for up to 7 days after executing this Release.

4. No Undue Influence . This Release is executed voluntarily and without any duress or
undue influence. Employee acknowledges he has read this Release and executed it with full and free
consent. No provision of this Release shall be construed against any party by virtue of the fact
that such party or its counsel drafted such provision or the entirety of this Release.

5. Governing Law . This Release is made and entered into in the State of California
and accordingly the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall in all respects be
construed, interpreted, enforced and governed in accordance with the laws of the State of
California as applied to contracts entered into by and between residents of California to be wholly
performed within California.

6. Severability . If any provision of this Release is held to be invalid, void or
unenforceable, the balance of the provisions of this Release shall, nevertheless, remain in full
force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.

7. Counterparts . This Release may be executed simultaneously in one or more
counterparts, each of, which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. This Release may be executed by facsimile, with originals
to follow by overnight courier.

8. Dispute Resolution Proceedings . Any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to
this Release shall be subject to final and binding arbitration conducted in accordance with that
certain Mutual Arbitration Agreement, attached as Exhibit 3 to the Agreement.

9. Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties
with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous
negotiations, agreements and understandings between the parties, oral or
written.

12 

10. Modification; Waivers . No modification, termination or attempted waiver of this
Agreement will be valid unless in writing, signed by the party against whom such modification,
termination or waiver is sought to be enforced.

11. Amendment . This Agreement may be amended or supplemented only by writing signed
by Employee and the Company.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Release at San Diego, California as of
the date first above written.

AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS 

Dated:

By: 

EMPLOYEE 

Dated:

13 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT 3

MUTUAL ARBITRATION AGREEMENT 

This MUTUAL ARBITRATION AGREEMENT Agreement ), dated as of May 1, 2006 , is made by and
between AVANIR Pharmaceuticals, a California corporation the Company and Michael J. Puntoriero Employee (collectively, the Parties or we ).

Agreement to Arbitrate Certain Disputes and Claims 

We agree to arbitrate before a neutral arbitrator any and all disputes or claims arising from
or relating to Employee s recruitment to or employment with the Company, or the termination of that
employment, including claims against any current or former agent or employee of the Company,
whether the disputes or claims arise in tort, contract, or pursuant to a statute, regulation, or
ordinance now in existence or which may in the future be enacted or recognized, including, but not
limited to, the following claims:

claims for fraud, promissory estoppel, fraudulent inducement of contract or breach
of contract or contractual obligation, whether such alleged contract or obligation be
oral, written, or express or implied by fact or law; 

claims for wrongful termination of employment, violation of public policy and
constructive discharge, infliction of emotional distress, misrepresentation,
interference with contract or prospective economic advantage, defamation, unfair
business practices, and any other tort or tort-like causes of action relating to or
arising from the employment relationship or the formation or termination thereof; 

claims for discrimination, harassment, or retaliation under any and all Federal,
state, or municipal statutes, regulations, or ordinances that prohibit discrimination,
harassment, or retaliation in employment, as well as claims for violation of any other
Federal, state, or municipal statute, regulation, or ordinance, except as set forth
herein; 

claims for non-payment or incorrect payment of wages, commissions, bonuses,
severance, employee fringe benefits, stock options and the like, whether such claims be
pursuant to alleged express or implied contract or obligation, equity, the California
Labor Code, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Employee Retirement Income Securities
Act, and any other Federal, state, or municipal laws concerning wages, compensation or
employee benefits; and 

claims arising out of or relating to the grant, exercise, vesting and/or issuance of
equity in the Company or options to purchase equity in the Company. 

We understand and agree that arbitration of the disputes and claims covered by this Agreement
shall be the sole and exclusive method of resolving any and all existing and future disputes or
claims arising out of Employee s recruitment to or employment with the Company or

14 

the termination thereof. We further understand and agree that the following disputes and
claims are not covered by this Agreement and shall therefore be resolved in any appropriate forum,
including courts of law, as required by the laws then in effect:

claims for workers compensation benefits, unemployment insurance, or state
or Federal disability insurance; and 

claims concerning the validity, infringement, enforceability, or
misappropriation of any trade secret, patent right, copyright, trademark, or
any other intellectual or confidential property held or sought by Employee or
the Company, including claims alleged by Employee or the Company that arise
under the Company s Employee Confidentiality and Inventions Agreement. 

Nothing in this Agreement should be interpreted as restricting or prohibiting the Employee
from filing a charge or complaint with a Federal, state, or local administrative agency charged
with investigating and/or prosecuting complaints under any applicable Federal, state or municipal
law or regulation. Any dispute or claim that is not resolved through the Federal, state, or local
agency must be submitted to arbitration in accordance with this Agreement.

Final and Binding Arbitration 

We understand and agree that the arbitration of disputes and claims under this Agreement shall
be instead of a trial before a court or jury. We further understand and agree that, by signing
this Agreement, we are expressly waiving any and all rights to a trial before a court regarding any
disputes and claims which we now have or which we may in the future have that are subject to
arbitration under this Agreement.

Arbitration Procedures 

We understand and agree that the arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the
National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association;
 provided, however , that the Arbitrator shall allow the discovery authorized by California Code of
Civil Procedure section 1283.05 or any other discovery required by law in arbitration proceedings.
Also, to the extent that any of the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes or
anything in this Agreement conflicts with any arbitration procedures required by applicable law,
the arbitration procedures required by applicable law shall govern. Employee and the Company also
agree that nothing in this Agreement relieves either of them from any obligation they may have to
exhaust certain administrative remedies before arbitrating any claims or disputes under this
Agreement.

We understand and agree that the Arbitrator shall issue a written award that sets forth the
essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. The Arbitrator shall have the
authority to award any relief authorized by law in connection with the asserted claims or disputes.
The Arbitrator s award shall be subject to correction, confirmation, or vacation, as provided by
any applicable law setting forth the standard of judicial review of arbitration awards.

15 

Place of Arbitration 

We understand and agree that the arbitration shall take place in Orange County, California.

Governing Law 

We understand and agree that this Agreement and its validity, construction and performance, as
well as disputes and/or claims arising under this Agreement, shall be governed by the laws of
California, or Federal law. If both Federal and state law apply to any given dispute or claim,
Employee shall have the right to elect the applicable law.

Costs of Arbitration 

We understand and agree that the Company shall bear the arbitrator s fee and any other type of
expense or cost that Employee would not be required to bear if he or she were free to bring the
dispute or claim in court as well as any other expense or cost that is unique to arbitration. We
shall each pay our own attorneys fees incurred in connection with the arbitration, and the
arbitrator shall not have authority to award attorneys fees unless a statute or contract at issue
in the dispute authorizes the award of attorneys fees to the prevailing party, in which case the
arbitrator shall have the authority to make an award of attorneys fees as required or permitted by
applicable law. If there is a dispute as to whether the Company or Employee is the prevailing
party in the arbitration, the Arbitrator shall decide this issue.

Severability 

We understand and agree that if any term or portion of this Agreement shall, for any reason,
be held to be invalid or unenforceable or to be contrary to public policy or any law, then the
remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected by such invalidity or unenforceability but shall
remain in full force and effect, as if the invalid or unenforceable term or portion thereof had not
existed within this Agreement.

Complete Agreement 

We understand and agree that this Agreement contains the complete agreement between the
Company and Employee regarding the subject matter of this Agreement, superseding any and all prior
representations and agreements between the Company and Employee, if any, and that it may be
modified only in a writing, expressly referencing this Agreement, and signed by Employee and the
Chairman of the Board of the Company.

Knowing and Voluntary Agreement 

We understand and agree that we have been advised to consult with an attorney of our own
choosing before signing this Agreement, and we have had an opportunity to do so. We agree that we
have read this Agreement carefully and understand that by signing it, we are

16 

waiving all rights to a trial or hearing before a court or jury of any and all disputes and
claims subject to arbitration under this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement at San Diego, California on the
 1 st day of May , 2006.

AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS 

By: 

Eric K. Brandt 

President and Chief Executive Officer

EMPLOYEE 

17 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT 4

AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS 
 2005 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement is made as of May 1, 2006 
(the Effective Date by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals, a California corporation (the
 Company ), and Michael J. Puntoriero Purchaser ).

A. Purchaser and the Company are parties to that certain Employment Agreement dated as of
 April , 2006 (the Employment Agreement ).

B. Purchaser and the Company are hereby entering into this Agreement pursuant to the Company s
2005 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan to establish the terms and conditions of
Purchaser s equity participation in the Company, as contemplated in the Employment Agreement.

THE PARTIES AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

1. Sale of Stock . In satisfaction of the Company s obligations under Section 4(c)(i)
of the Employment Agreement, and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, on the
Purchase Date (as defined below) the Company will issue and sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser agrees
to purchase from the Company, 10,000 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock (the
 Purchased Shares at a purchase price of 0.001 per Share for a total purchase price of
 10.00. In accordance with Section 8(a) of this Agreement, the Purchased Shares shall be issued
pursuant and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, including, without limitation, the
terms set forth in Section 14 of the Plan. The term Shares refers to the Purchased
Shares and all securities received in replacement of the Purchased Shares or as stock dividends or
splits, all securities received in replacement of the Shares in a recapitalization, merger,
reorganization, exchange or the like, and all new, substituted or additional securities or other
properties to which Purchaser is entitled by reason of Purchaser s ownership of the Shares
(including the Purchased Shares).

2. Purchase . The purchase and sale of the Shares under this Agreement shall occur at
the principal office of the Company simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement by the
parties or on such other date as the Company and Purchaser shall agree (the Purchase
Date ). As promptly as practicable after the Purchase Date, the Company will deliver to the
Company s Secretary pursuant to Section 4 a certificate representing the Shares to be purchased by
Purchaser (which shall be issued in Purchaser s name) against payment of the purchase price
therefor on the Purchase Date by Purchaser by cash or check made payable to the Company.

3. Limitations on Transfer . In addition to any other limitation on transfer created
by applicable securities laws, Purchaser shall not assign, encumber or dispose of any interest in
any portion of the Shares that are subject to the Repurchase Option. After any portion of the
Shares has been released from the Repurchase Option, Purchaser shall not assign, encumber or
dispose

18 

of any interest in such portion except in compliance with the provisions below and applicable
securities laws.

(a) Repurchase Option .

(i) Subject to the vesting schedule set forth in Section 3(a)(iii) below and any contrary
acceleration and vesting provisions in the Employment Agreement, the Shares shall, during the
seven-month period immediately following Purchaser s Termination (as defined in the Plan) (such
period being referred to as the Repurchase Period ), be subject to a repurchase option in
favor of the Company as set forth in Section 14 of the Plan (the Repurchase Option ).
The repurchase price for the Repurchase Option shall be equal to the original purchase price per
Share, as set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement (adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends
and the like), minus the amount of any cash dividends paid or payable with respect to the Shares
for which the record date precedes the repurchase.

(ii) Unless the Company notifies Purchaser within the Repurchase Period that it does not
intend to exercise its Repurchase Option with respect to some or all of the Shares, the Repurchase
Option shall be deemed automatically exercised by the Company as of the last day of the Repurchase
Period, provided that the Company may notify Purchaser that it is exercising its Repurchase Option
prior to the end of the Repurchase Period. Unless Purchaser is otherwise notified by the Company
that the Company does not intend to exercise its Repurchase Option as to some or all of the
Shares, the execution of this Agreement by the parties constitutes written notice to Purchaser of
the Company s intention to exercise its Repurchase Option with respect to all Shares to which such
Repurchase Option applies. The Company, at its choice, may satisfy its payment obligation to
Purchaser with respect to exercise of the Repurchase Option by either (A) delivering a check to
Purchaser in the amount of the purchase price for the Shares being repurchased, or (B) in the event
Purchaser is indebted to the Company, canceling an amount of such indebtedness equal to the
purchase price for the Shares being repurchased, or (C) by a combination of (A) and (B) so that the
combined payment and cancellation of indebtedness equals such purchase price. In the event of any
deemed automatic exercise of the Repurchase Option pursuant to this Section 3(a)(ii) in which
Purchaser is indebted to the Company, such indebtedness equal to the purchase price of the Shares
being repurchased shall be deemed automatically canceled as of the last day of the Repurchase
Period unless the Company otherwise satisfies its payment obligations. Any failure on the part of
the Company to promptly satisfy its payment obligations for the Repurchase Option shall not, in any
way, affect the enforceability of the Company s exercise of the Repurchase Option. As a result of
any repurchase of Shares pursuant to this Section 3(a), the Company shall become the legal and
beneficial owner of the Shares being repurchased and shall have all rights and interest therein or
related thereto, and the Company shall have the right to transfer to its own name the number of
Shares being repurchased by the Company, without further action by Purchaser.

(iii) All of the Shares shall initially be subject to the Repurchase Option. Provided that
Purchaser remains continuously employed by the Company (or continues to provide services to the
Company as a consultant), the Restricted Stock will vest, and the Company s right of repurchase
will lapse, with respect to one-third of the shares of Restricted Stock on the first anniversary of
the Effective Date and then with respect to one-twelfth of the

 19 

shares quarterly thereafter so that the Restricted Stock will be fully vested upon the third
anniversary of the Effective Date.

(b) Restrictions Binding on Transferees . All transferees of Shares or any interest
therein will receive and hold such Shares or interest subject to the provisions of this Agreement,
including insofar as applicable the Company s Repurchase Option. Any sale or transfer of the
Shares shall be void unless the provisions of this Agreement are satisfied.

(c) Termination of Rights . Upon the expiration of the Repurchase Option, a new
certificate or certificates representing the Shares not repurchased shall be issued, on request,
without the legend referred to in Section 5(a) below and delivered to Purchaser.

4. Escrow of Unvested Shares . Pursuant to Section 14.1 of the Plan and for the
purpose of facilitating the enforcement of the provisions of Section 3 above, Purchaser agrees,
immediately upon receipt of the certificate(s) for the Shares subject to the Repurchase Option, to
deliver such certificate(s), together with an Assignment Separate from Certificate in the form
attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A executed by Purchaser and by Purchaser s spouse (if
required for transfer), in blank, to the Secretary of the Company, or the Secretary s designee, to
hold such certificate(s) and Assignment Separate from Certificate in escrow and to take all such
actions and to effectuate all such transfers and/or releases as are in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement. Purchaser hereby acknowledges that the Secretary of the Company, or the
Secretary s designee, is so appointed as the escrow holder with the foregoing authorities as a
material inducement to make this Agreement and that said appointment is coupled with an interest
and is accordingly irrevocable. Purchaser agrees that said escrow holder shall not be liable to
any party hereof (or to any other party). The escrow holder may rely upon any letter, notice or
other document executed by any signature purported to be genuine and may resign at any time.
Purchaser agrees that if the Secretary of the Company, or the Secretary s designee, resigns as
escrow holder for any or no reason, the Board of Directors of the Company shall have the power to
appoint a successor to serve as escrow holder pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

5. Transfer Restrictions .

(a) Legends . The certificate or certificates representing the Shares shall bear the
following legend regarding the Repurchase Option:

THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO THE REPURCHASE OPTION OF
THE COMPANY AND MAY BE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF AN AGREEMENT
BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE STOCKHOLDER, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE WITH THE
SECRETARY OF THE COMPANY.

(b) Stop-Transfer Notices . Purchaser agrees that, in order to ensure compliance with
the restrictions referred to herein, the Company may issue appropriate stop transfer instructions
to its transfer agent, if any, and that, if the Company transfers its own securities, it may make
appropriate notations to the same effect in its own records.

20 

(c) Refusal to Transfer . The Company shall not be required (i) to transfer on its
books any Shares that have been sold or otherwise transferred in violation of any of the provisions
of this Agreement or (ii) to treat as owner of such Shares or to accord the right to vote or pay
dividends to any purchaser or other transferee to whom such Shares shall have been so transferred.

6. No Employment Rights . Nothing in this Agreement shall affect in any manner
whatsoever the right or power of the Company, or a parent or subsidiary of the Company, to
terminate Purchaser s employment or consulting relationship, for any reason, with or without cause.

7. Section 83(b) Election . Purchaser understands that Section 83(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), taxes as ordinary income the difference
between the amount paid for the Shares and the fair market value of the Shares as of the date any
restrictions on the Shares lapse. In this context, restriction means the right of the Company to
buy back the Shares pursuant to the Repurchase Option set forth in Section 3(a) of this Agreement.
Despite the fact that it might be unusual to make the following election in the circumstances of
this Agreement (because of the significant taxes due in the year of the election), Purchaser
understands that Purchaser may elect to be taxed at the time the Shares are purchased, rather than
when and as the Repurchase Option expires, by filing an election under Section 83(b) (an 83(b)
Election of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service within 30 days from the date
of purchase. In this case, the difference between the fair market value of the Shares at the time
of the execution of this Agreement and the amount Purchaser is paying for the Shares makes it
unlikely that Purchaser will choose to make an 83(b) Election, as such election would require that
Purchaser pay taxes on that difference at the time the Shares are purchased. However, the 83(b)
Election must be made if the Purchaser wishes to avoid additional income under Section 83(a) in the
future. Accordingly, Purchaser understands that failure to file such an election in a timely
manner may result in adverse tax consequences for Purchaser. Purchaser further understands that an
additional copy of such election form should be filed with his or her federal income tax return for
the calendar year in which the date of this Agreement falls. Purchaser acknowledges that the
foregoing is only a summary of the effect of United States federal income taxation with respect to
purchase of the Shares hereunder, and does not purport to be complete. Purchaser further
acknowledges that the Company has directed Purchaser to seek independent advice regarding the
applicable provisions of the Code, the income tax laws of any municipality, state or foreign
country in which Purchaser may reside, the tax consequences of Purchaser s death and the decision
as to whether or not to file an 83(b) Election in connection with the acquisition of the Shares.

Purchaser agrees that he will execute and deliver to the Company with this executed Agreement
a copy of the Acknowledgment and Statement of Decision Regarding Section 83(b) Election (the
 Acknowledgment ), attached hereto as Exhibit B . Purchaser further agrees that
Purchaser will execute and submit with the Acknowledgment a copy of the 83(b) Election, attached
hereto as Exhibit C , if Purchaser has indicated in the Acknowledgment his or her decision
to make such an election.

21 

8. Miscellaneous .

(a) Withholding . Purchaser agrees and acknowledges that Shares will not be released
from escrow and will in fact be forfeited back to the Company at no cost to the Company in the
event Purchaser fails to make arrangements suitable to the Company in its sole discretion so that
the Company may satisfy its withholding obligation; if any, under this Agreement methods of
withholding may include payment in cash or check, withholding of wages, delivery if previously
owned shares or reduction in the number of Shares which may be released from escrow under this
Agreement.

(b) Plan Terms . This Agreement is entered into pursuant to the Plan and is subject in
all respects to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference.
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the
Plan. In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and the terms and conditions of the
Plan, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall govern. Purchaser acknowledges that, prior to
execution of this Agreement, he/she has been provided with a copy of the Plan and the related Plan
prospectus.

(c) Entire Agreement; Amendments and Waivers . This Agreement, the Plan and the
Employment Agreement set forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to
the subject matter herein and merge all prior discussions between them. No modification of or
amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, shall be effective
unless in writing signed by the parties to this Agreement. The failure by either party to enforce
any rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any rights of such party.

(d) Severability . If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be
unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith.
In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for
such provision, then (i) such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement, (ii) the balance of
this Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (iii) the balance of
this Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.

(e) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument.

Signature Page Follows 

22 

The parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY: 

AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 
 
 11388 Sorrento Valley Road 
San Diego, CA 92121 

PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO SECTION 3 HEREOF IS
EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING SERVICE AS AN EMPLOYEE OR CONSULTANT AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY.
PURCHASER FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL CONFER UPON
PURCHASER ANY RIGHT WITH RESPECT TO CONTINUATION OF SUCH EMPLOYMENT OR CONSULTING RELATIONSHIP WITH
THE COMPANY, NOR SHALL IT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PURCHASER S RIGHT OR THE COMPANY S RIGHT TO
TERMINATE PURCHASER S EMPLOYMENT OR CONSULTING RELATIONSHIP AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.

PURCHASER: 

Name 

(Signature) 

Address: 

I, , spouse of , have read and hereby approve the
foregoing Agreement. In consideration of the Company s granting my spouse the right to purchase
the Shares as set forth in the Agreement, I hereby agree to be irrevocably bound by the Agreement
and further agree that any community property or similar interest that I may have in the Shares
shall be similarly bound by the Agreement. I hereby appoint my spouse as my attorney-in-fact with
respect to any amendment or exercise of any rights under the Agreement.

Spouse of 

23 

RESTRICTED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT A

ASSIGNMENT SEPARATE FROM CERTIFICATE 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED and pursuant to that certain Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement between
the undersigned Purchaser and Avanir Pharmaceuticals (the Company dated as
of (the Agreement ), Purchaser hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto the
Company shares of the Class A Common Stock of the
Company standing in Purchaser s name on the Company s books and represented by Certificate No.
 , and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint to transfer said
stock on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the premises. THIS ASSIGNMENT
MAY ONLY BE USED AS AUTHORIZED BY THE AGREEMENT AND THE EXHIBITS THERETO.

Dated:

Signature: 

Spouse of 

Instruction: Please do not fill in any blanks other than the signature line. The purpose of this
assignment is to enable the Company to exercise its repurchase option set forth in the Agreement
without requiring additional signatures on the part of
Purchaser.

RESTRICTED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT B

ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND STATEMENT OF DECISION 
 REGARDING SECTION 83(b) ELECTION 

The undersigned has entered a Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement with Avanir Pharmaceuticals,
a California corporation (the Company ), pursuant to which the undersigned is purchasing
 shares of Class A common stock of the Company (the Shares ). In connection with
the purchase of the Shares, the undersigned hereby represents as follows:

1. The undersigned has carefully reviewed the Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement pursuant to
which the undersigned is purchasing the Shares.

2. The undersigned either check and complete as applicable :

(a) 
 
 has consulted, and has been fully advised by, the undersigned s own tax
advisor, , whose business address is
 , regarding the federal, state and local tax consequences
of purchasing the Shares, and particularly regarding the advisability of making
elections pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the Code and pursuant to the corresponding provisions, if any, of
applicable state law; or 

(b) 
 
 has knowingly chosen not to consult such a tax advisor. 

3. The undersigned hereby states that the undersigned has decided check as applicable :

(a) 
 
 to make an election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code, and is
submitting to the Company, together with the undersigned s executed Restricted Stock
Purchase Agreement, an executed form entitled Election Under Section 83(b) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or 

(b) 
 
 not to make an election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code. 

4. Neither the Company nor any subsidiary or representative of the Company has made any
warranty or representation to the undersigned with respect to the tax consequences of the
undersigned s purchase of the Shares or of the making or failure to make an election pursuant to
Section 83(b) of the Code or the corresponding provisions, if any, of applicable state law.

Date:

Date:

Spouse of 

RESTRICTED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT C

ELECTION UNDER SECTION 83(b) 
 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 

The undersigned taxpayer hereby elects, pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue
Code, to include in taxpayer s gross income for the current taxable year, the amount of any
compensation taxable to taxpayer in connection with taxpayer s receipt of the property described
below:

1. 
 
 The name, address, taxpayer identification number and taxable year of the undersigned
are as follows: 

NAME OF TAXPAYER: 

NAME OF SPOUSE: 

ADDRESS: 

IDENTIFICATION NO. OF TAXPAYER: 

IDENTIFICATION NO. OF SPOUSE: 

TAXABLE YEAR: 

2. 
 
 The property with respect to which the election is made is described as follows: 

shares of the Class A Common Stock, of Avanir Pharmaceuticals, a California
corporation (the Company ). 

3. 
 
 The date on which the property was transferred is: 

4. 
 
 The property is subject to the following restrictions: 

Repurchase option at cost in favor of the Company upon termination of taxpayer s employment
or consulting relationship or failure of vesting criteria. 

5. 
 
 The fair market value at the time of transfer, determined without regard to any
restriction other than a restriction which by its terms will never lapse, of such
property is: . 

6. 
 
 The amount (if any) paid for such property: 

The undersigned has submitted a copy of this statement to the person for whom the services were
performed in connection with the undersigned s receipt of the above-described property. The
transferee of such property is the person performing the services in connection with the transfer
of said property.

The undersigned understands that the foregoing election may not be revoked except with the
consent of the Commissioner .

Dated:

Taxpayer

Dated:

Spouse of Taxpayer 

RECEIPT 

Avanir Pharmaceuticals hereby acknowledges receipt of cash or a check in the amount of
 given by as consideration for Certificate No. for
 shares of Class A Common Stock of Avanir Pharmaceuticals.

Dated:

Avanir Pharmaceuticals 

By: 

Title: 

RECEIPT AND CONSENT 

The
undersigned hereby acknowledges receipt of a photocopy of Certificate No. for
 shares of Common Stock of Avanir Pharmaceuticals (the Company ).

The undersigned further acknowledges that the Secretary of the Company, or his or her
designee, is acting as escrow holder pursuant to the Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement the
undersigned has previously entered into with the Company. As escrow holder, the Secretary of the
Company, or his or her designee, holds the original of the aforementioned certificate issued in the
undersigned s name.

Dated:

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT 5

FORM OF CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT 

This Change of Control Agreement (the Agreement ), dated as of May 1, 2006 (the
 Effective Date ), is made by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals, a California corporation
having its principal offices at 11388 Sorrento Valley Road, San Diego, California 92121 (the
 Company and Employee ).

RECITALS 

A. It is expected that other entities or individuals may, from time to time, consider the
possibility of acquiring the Company in a transaction that will result in a Change of Control
(defined below), with or without the approval of the Company s Board of Directors. The Board of
Directors recognizes that such consideration may cause Employee to consider alternative employment
opportunities. Accordingly, the Board of Directors has determined that it is in the best interests
of the Company and its shareholders to assure that the Company will have the continued dedication
and objectivity of the Employee, notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of a Change
of Control.

B. The Company s Board of Directors believes it is in the best interests of the Company and
its shareholders to enter into this Agreement to provide incentives to Employee to continue in the
service of the Company in the event of a Change of Control.

C. The Board of Directors further believes that it is necessary to provide Employee with
certain benefits upon termination of Employee s employment in connection with a Change of Control,
which benefits are intended to provide Employee with financial security and provide sufficient
income and encouragement to Employee to remain employed by the Company, notwithstanding the
possibility of a Change of Control.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and agreements contained
herein, and in consideration of the continuing employment of Employee by the Company, the parties
hereto agree as follows:

1. 
 
 Definitions. 

(a) Awards means Employee s outstanding stock options, restricted stock awards,
restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights and other equity-based awards granted under the
Company Equity Plans, in each case that remain outstanding immediately following a Change of
Control.

(b) Base Salary means Employee s gross monthly salary before bonus and other
incentive compensation on the date of calculation.

(c) Cause shall, if applicable, have the meaning set forth in the definitive written
employment agreement between Employee and the Company (the Employment Agreement 

2 

provided, however, that if there is no Employment Agreement, or if the Employment Agreement
does not define what shall constitute a termination for cause (or a substantially similar term),
then Cause for purposes of this Agreement shall mean: (i) Employee s material breach of this
Agreement or any confidentiality agreement between the Company and Employee; (ii) Employee s
failure or refusal to comply with the Company s Employee Manual, the Company s Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics, or other policies or procedures established by the Company (iii) Employee s
appropriation (or attempted appropriation) of a material business opportunity of the Company,
including attempting to secure or securing any personal profit in connection with any transaction
entered into on behalf of the Company; (iv) Employee s misappropriation (or attempted
misappropriation) of any of the Company s funds or material property; (v) Employee s conviction of,
or the entering of a guilty plea or plea of no contest with respect to a felony, the equivalent
thereof, or any other crime with respect to which imprisonment is a possible punishment; (vi)
Employee s willful misconduct or incompetence; (vii) Employee s physical or mental disability or
other inability to perform the essential functions of his position, with or without reasonable
accommodation; or (viii) Employee s death.

(d) A Change of Control shall have occurred if, and only if:

(i) any individual, partnership, firm, corporation, association, trust, unincorporated
organization or other entity or person, or any syndicate or group deemed to be a person under
Section 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act is or becomes
the Beneficial Owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly,
of securities of the Company representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s
then outstanding securities entitled to vote in the election of directors of the Company; or

(ii) if those individuals who constituted the Board at the Effective Date cease to constitute
a majority of the Board as a result of, or in connection with, a proxy solicitation made by a third
party pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; or

(iii) there occurs a reorganization, merger, consolidation or other corporate transaction
involving the Company Transaction ), in each case, with respect to which the stockholders
of the Company immediately prior to such Transaction do not, immediately after the Transaction, own
more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities entitled to
vote in the election of directors of the Company or of the securities of any other corporation
resulting from such Transaction; or

(iv) all or substantially all of the assets of the Company are sold, liquidated or
distributed, other than in connection with a bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar proceeding, or
an assignment for the benefit of creditors.

(e) A Change of Control Termination shall have occurred if Employee s employment by
the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, is terminated without Cause or the Employee
resigns in a Resignation for Good Reason, in either case within 18 months following the effective
date of a Change of Control.

(f) COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985.

3 

(g) Code means the California Code of Civil Procedure.

(h) Company Equity Plans means the Company s 1994 Stock Option Plan, 1998 Stock
Option Plan, 2000 Stock Option Plan, 2003 Equity Incentive Plan and 2005 Equity Incentive Plan,
each as may be amended from time to time, and any stock option agreements, award notices, stock
purchase agreements or other agreements or instruments executed and delivered pursuant thereto.

(i) Release means a general release, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A , by Employee of all claims against the Company and its affiliates as of the date of the
Change of Control Termination.

(j) Resignation for Good Reason means a resignation based on:

(i) a material reduction in Employee s duties and responsibilities from those in effect upon
execution of this Agreement including, but not limited to, a reduction of Employee s duties
whereby he ceases to serve as the principal financial officer of the Company or its successor, in
each case as a publicly traded company or

(ii) a reduction by the Company in Employee s Base Salary on the date hereof; or

(iii) a relocation of Employee s place of work more than 50 miles without reimbursement of
relocation costs.

An event described in this Section 1(j) will not give rise to a Resignation for Good Reason
unless it is communicated by Employee to the Company in writing and unless it is not corrected by
the Company in a manner that is reasonably satisfactory to Employee within 10 business days of the
Company s receipt of such written notice.

(k) Severance
Payments means severance pay in an amount equal to 24 months of
Base Salary, plus an amount equal to the greater of the aggregate bonus payment(s) received by the
Employee in the Company s preceding fiscal year or the target bonus amount, such payments to be
paid in accordance with the terms in Section 2(a)(i) below.

(l) Severance Period means the 12-month period following a Change of Control
Termination.

2. 
 
 Change of Control Termination . 

(a) Payment upon Change of Control Termination . Subject to Sections 2(b) and 2(c), in
the event of a Change of Control Termination:

(i) The Company shall promptly pay Employee all accrued but unpaid Base Salary and all accrued
but unused vacation time, each through the date of termination; and The Company shall pay Employee
the Severance Payments after the date of termination as defined below. Since at the time of this
Agreement Employee will be a specified employee as defined in Section 409A of the Internal
Revenue Code (the Code and one or more of the
payments or

4 

benefits which may be paid pursuant to this Agreement would constitute deferred compensation
subject to Section 409A, no such payment or benefit will be provided until the date (the
 Deferred Payment Date which is the earliest of (A) the date which is six (6) months and
a day after Employee s separation from service for any reason, other than death or becoming
 disabled (as such terms are used in Section 409A(a)(2) of the Code), (B) the date of Employee s
death or on which Employee becomes disabled (as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of the
Code), (C) the effective date of a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company
(as such term is used in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code) or (D) the date such payments or
benefits are no longer deemed by the Code to be subject to penalty tax or interest. The provisions
of this paragraph shall only apply to the extent required to avoid Employee s incurrence of any
penalty tax or interest under Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury guidance
promulgated thereunder. In addition, if any provision of this Agreement would cause Employee to
incur any penalty tax or interest under Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or Treasury
guidance promulgated thereunder, the Company shall, upon the written request of Employee, reform
such provision to maintain to the maximum extent practicable the original intent of the applicable
provision without violating the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and without creating
additional cost for the Company.

(ii) If Employee elects to continue insurance coverage as afforded to Employee according to
COBRA, the Company will reimburse Employee the amount of premiums incurred by Employee during the
Severance Period. As a result of Section 409A of the Code, Employee will pay COBRA premiums until
the Deferred Payment Date and then Company reimburse Employee for all payments made by the Employee
through such date. Thereafter, the Company will pay COBRA premiums on Employee s behalf through
the remainder of the Severance Period. Nothing in this Agreement will extend Employee s COBRA
period beyond the period allowed under COBRA, nor is Company assuming any responsibility for
Employee s election to continue coverage; and

(iii) The vesting of all Awards shall accelerate in full and all rights of repurchase of Award
shares shall immediately lapse.

(iv) The Employee shall also be entitled to receive any additional benefits provided for under
the Employment Agreement in the event of a Change in Control or a Change in Control Termination.

(b) Employee Release . In consideration for the benefits set forth above in Sections
2(a)(i), 2(a)(i) and (a)(ii), following a Change of Control Termination, Employee shall promptly
execute and deliver the Release. The Company shall have no obligation to pay or grant the benefits
set forth in Sections 2(a)(i), 2(a)(i) and (a)(ii) if Employee does not execute and deliver the
Release, or if Employee subsequently revokes, or attempts in writing to revoke, any portion of the
Release.

(c) Other Benefits . In the event that the Employment Agreement provides for specific
benefits upon a Change of Control and/or a Change of Control Termination that are materially more
favorable to the Employee than like benefits set forth herein, then the Employee shall be entitled
to those benefits set forth in the Employment Agreement in lieu of the lesser like benefits set
forth herein.

5 

3. Dispute Resolution Procedures . Any dispute or claim arising out of this Agreement shall
be subject to final and binding arbitration. The arbitration will be conducted by one arbitrator
who is a member of the American Arbitration Association (AAA) or of the Judicial Arbitration and
Mediation Services (JAMS). The arbitration shall be held in the county and state where the Company
maintains its corporate headquarters. The arbitrator shall have all authority to determine the
arbitrability of any claim and enter a final and binding judgment at the conclusion of any
proceedings in respect of the arbitration. Notwithstanding any rule of AAA or JAMS to the
contrary, the provisions of Title 9 of Part 3 of the Code including Section 1283.05, and successor
statutes, permitting expanded discovery proceedings shall be applicable to all disputes that are
arbitrated under this paragraph. The arbitrator shall have all power and authority to enter orders
relating to such discovery as are allowed under the Code. The party prevailing in the resolution
of any such claim will be entitled, in addition to such other relief as may be granted, to an award
of all fees and costs incurred in pursuit of the claim (including reasonable attorneys fees)
without regard to any statute, schedule, or rule of court purported to restrict such award.

4. At-Will Employment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Employee reaffirms
that Employee s employment relationship with the Company is at-will, terminable at any time and for
any reason by either the Company or Employee. While certain paragraphs of this Agreement describe
events that could occur at a particular time in the future, nothing in this Agreement may be
construed as a guarantee of employment of any length.

5. General Provisions .

(a) Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflict-of-law principles.

(b) Successors and Assigns . The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the
benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company and its successors and assigns. Employee may not
assign, pledge or encumber his interest in this Agreement or any part thereof, provided, however,
that the provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon Employee s
estate.

(c) No Waiver of Breach . If either party should waive any breach of any provisions of
this Agreement, he or it shall not thereby be deemed to have waived any preceding or succeeding
breach of the same or any other provision of this Agreement. The rights granted the parties are
cumulative, and the election of one will not constitute a waiver of such party s right to assert
all other legal and equitable remedies available under the circumstances.

(d) Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any
provision will be held to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remainder
of the provisions, or enforceable parts of this Agreement, will not be affected.

(e) Entire Agreement; Amendment . This Agreement, including Exhibit A, constitutes the
entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, and
supersedes all prior and contemporaneous negotiations, agreements and understandings between the
parties, oral or written, except those provisions of the Employment

6 

Agreement expressly referred to herein. This Agreement may be amended or supplemented only by
writing signed by both of the parties hereto.

(f) Modification; Waivers . No modification, termination or attempted waiver of this
Agreement will be valid unless in writing, signed by the party against whom such modification,
termination or waiver is sought to be enforced.

(g) Duplicate Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in duplicate counterparts;
each of, which shall be deemed an original; provided, however, such counterparts shall together
constitute only one instrument.

(h) Interpretation . The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. As
used in this Agreement, words of the masculine gender shall mean and include corresponding neuter
words or words of the feminine gender.

(i) No Mitigation . No payment to which Employee is entitled pursuant to Section 2(a)
hereof shall be reduced by reason of compensation or other income received by him for services
rendered after termination of his employment with the Company.

(j) Withholding of Taxes . The Company shall withhold appropriate federal, state,
local (and foreign, if applicable) income and employment taxes from any payments hereunder.

(k) Drafting Ambiguities; Representation by Counsel . Each party to this Agreement and
its counsel have reviewed and revised this Agreement and the Release. The rule of construction
that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the
interpretation of this Agreement, the Release or any of the amendments to this Agreement.

7 

In witness whereof, this Change of Control Agreement has been executed as of the date first
set forth above.

AVANIR Pharmaceuticals 

By: 

Eric K. Brandt 

President and Chief Executive Officer

Employee 

(Signature) 

(Print Name) 

8 

CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT A

GENERAL RELEASE 

This General Release Release is entered into effective as of ,
20 , (the Effective Date by and between Avanir Pharmaceuticals, a California
corporation, having its principal offices at 11388 Sorrento Valley Road, San Diego, California
921211 Company and , an individual residing at Employee with reference to the following facts:

RECITALS 

A. The parties hereto entered into a Change of Control Agreement dated , 20 Agreement ), by which the parties agreed that in certain circumstances Employee would
become eligible for severance payments following a termination of service in connection with a
change in control and the reimbursement of certain insurance premiums in exchange for Employee s
release of the Company from all claims which Employee may have against the Company.

B. The parties desire to dispose of, fully and completely, all claims, that Employee may have
against the Company in, the manner set forth in this Release.

AGREEMENT 

1. Release . Employee, for himself/herself and his heirs, successors and assigns,
fully releases, and discharges Company, its officers, directors, employees, shareholders,
attorneys, accountants, other professionals, insurers and agents (collectively Agents ),
and all entities related to each such party, including, but not limited to, heirs, executors,
administrators, personal representatives, assigns, parent, subsidiary and sister corporations,
affiliates, partners and co-venturers (collectively Related Entities ), from all rights,
claims, demands, actions, causes of action, liabilities and obligations of every kind, nature and
description whatsoever, Employee now has, owns or holds or has at anytime had, owned or held or may
have against the Company, Agents or Related Entities from any source whatsoever, whether or not
arising from or related to the facts recited in this Release. Employee specifically releases and
waives any and all claims arising under any express or implied contract, rules, regulation or
ordinance, including, without limitation, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil
Rights Act of 1991, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing
Act, and the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended ADEA ).

2. Section 1542 Waiver . This Release is intended as a full and complete release and
discharge of any and all claims that Employee may have against the Company, Agents or Related
Entities. In making this release, Employee intends to release the Company, Agents and Related
Entities from liability of any nature whatsoever for any claim of damages or injury or for
equitable or declaratory relief of any kind, whether the claim, or any facts on which such claim
might be based, is known or unknown to Employee. Employee expressly waives all rights under

1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California, which Employee understands provides as follows:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR
SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF
KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE
DEBTOR.

Employee acknowledges that he may discover facts different from or in addition to those that
he now believes to be true with respect to this Release. Employee agrees that this Release shall
remain effective notwithstanding the discovery of any different or additional facts.

3. Waiver of Certain Claims . Employee acknowledges that he has been advised in
writing of his right to consult with an attorney prior to executing the waivers set out in this
Release, and that he has been given a 21-day period in which to consider entering into the release
of ADEA claims, if any. In addition, Employee acknowledges that he has been informed that he may
revoke a signed waiver of the ADEA claims for up to 7 days after executing this Release.

4. No Undue Influence . This Release is executed voluntarily and without any duress or
undue influence. Employee acknowledges he has read this Release and executed it with full and free
consent. No provision of this Release shall be construed against any party by virtue of the fact
that such party or its counsel drafted such provision or the entirety of this Release.

5. Governing Law . This Release is made and entered into in the State of California
and accordingly the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall in all respects be
construed, interpreted, enforced and governed in accordance with the laws of the State of
California as applied to contracts entered into by and between residents of California to be wholly
performed within California.

6. Severability . If any provision of this Release is held to be invalid, void or
unenforceable, the balance of the provisions of this Release shall, nevertheless, remain in full
force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.

7. Counterparts . This Release may be executed simultaneously in one or more
counterparts, each of, which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. This Release may be executed by facsimile, with originals
to follow by overnight courier.

8. Dispute Resolution Proceedings . Any dispute or claim arising out of this Release
shall be subject to final and binding arbitration. The arbitration will be conducted by one
arbitrator who is a member of the American Arbitration Association (AAA) or of the Judicial
Arbitration and Mediation Services (JAMS) and will be governed by the Model Employment Arbitration
rules of AAA. The arbitration shall be held in the county and state where the Company maintains
its corporate headquarters. The arbitrator shall have all authority to determine the arbitrability
of any claim and enter a final and binding judgment at the conclusion

of any proceedings in respect of the arbitration. Any final judgment only may be appealed on the
grounds of improper bias or improper conduct of the arbitrator. Notwithstanding any rule of AAA or
JAMS to the contrary, the provisions of Title 9 of Part 3 of the California Code of Civil Procedure
(the Code including Section 1283.05, and successor statutes, permitting expanded
discovery proceedings shall be applicable to all disputes that are arbitrated under this paragraph.
The arbitrator shall have all power and authority to enter orders relating to such discovery as
are allowed under the Code. The party prevailing in the resolution of any such claim will be
entitled, in addition to such other relief as may be granted, to an award of all fees and costs
incurred in pursuit of the claim (including reasonable attorneys fees) without regard to any
statute, schedule, or rule of court purported to restrict such award.

9. Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties
with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous
negotiations, agreements and understandings between the parties, oral or written.

10. Modification; Waivers . No modification, termination or attempted waiver of this
Agreement will be valid unless in writing, signed by the party against whom such modification,
termination or waiver is sought to be enforced.

11. Amendment . This Agreement may be amended or supplemented only by writing signed
by Employee and the Company.

Dated:

Employee Name

</EX-10.39>

<EX-18.1>
 9
 a25225exv18w1.htm
 EXHIBIT 18.1

Exhibit 18.1 

EXHIBIT 18.1

December 15, 2006

To the Board of Directors of 
Avanir Pharmaceuticals 
11388 Sorrento Valley Road 
Suite 200 
San Diego, CA 92121

Dear Sirs/Madams:

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Avanir Pharmaceuticals and subsidiaries
(the Company as of September 30, 2006 and 2005, and for each of the three years in the period
ended September 30, 2006, included in your Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Securities and
Exchange Commission and have issued our report thereon dated December 15, 2006, which expresses an
unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph relating to
the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
123(R), Share-based Payment, and for the change in method of
accounting for certain patent related costs. Note 3 to such financial statements contains a
description of your change in method of accounting during the year ended September 30, 2006, from
capitalizing external legal costs associated with the application of patents to expensing such
costs as incurred. In our judgment, such change is to an alternative accounting principle that is
preferable under the circumstances.

Yours truly, 

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP

</EX-18.1>

<EX-21.1>
 10
 a25225exv21w1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

EXHIBIT 21.1

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Alamo Pharmaceuticals LLP

California

Xenerex Biosciences

California 

Avanir Holding Company

California 

Avanir Acquisition Corp.

Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 11
 a25225exv23w1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements No. 33-71276, 33-94370,
333-83089, 333-84183, 333-38094, 333-108716 and 333-125743 on Form S-8 and Registration Statements
No. 33-49082, 33-76094, 333-24549, 333-76641, 333-77925, 333-31442, 333-32776, 333-34958,
333-35934, 333-107820, 333-111680, 333-114389, 333-123867, 333-124230 and 333-125979 on Form S-3 of
our reports dated December 14, 2006, relating to the financial statements of AVANIR Pharmaceuticals
(which report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph
relating to the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123(R),
 Share-based Payment, and the change in method of accounting for certain patent related costs,
effective October 1, 2005) and management s report on the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AVANIR Pharmaceuticals
for the year ended September 30, 2006.

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP

San Diego, California 
December 14, 2006

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 a25225exv31w1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Eric K. Brandt, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K of AVANIR Pharmaceuticals; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls
and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: December 15, 2006 
 /s/ Eric K. Brandt

Eric K. Brandt 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 a25225exv31w2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Michael J. Puntoriero, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K of AVANIR Pharmaceuticals; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls
and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: December 15, 2006 
 /s/ Michael J. Puntoriero

Michael J. Puntoriero 

Senior Vice President, Finance, and 
Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 14
 a25225exv31w3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.3

Exhibit 31.3 

EXHIBIT 31.3

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Gregory P. Hanson, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K of AVANIR Pharmaceuticals; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls
and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: December 15, 2006 
 /s/ Gregory P. Hanson, CMA

Gregory P. Hanson, CMA 

Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 15
 a25225exv32w1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

In connection with the accompanying Annual Report of AVANIR Pharmaceuticals (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006 (the Report ), I, Eric K.
Brandt, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: December 15, 2006 
 /s/ Eric K. Brandt

Eric K. Brandt 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 principal executive officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 16
 a25225exv32w2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

EXHIBIT 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

In connection with the accompanying Annual Report of AVANIR Pharmaceuticals (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006 (the Report ), I, Michael J.
Puntoriero, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: December 15, 2006 
 /s/ Michael J. Puntoriero

Michael J. Puntoriero 

Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer 
 principal financial officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 17
 a25225exv32w3.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.3

Exhibit 32.3 

EXHIBIT 32.3

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

In connection with the accompanying Annual Report of AVANIR Pharmaceuticals (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006 (the Report ), I, Gregory P.
Hanson, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: December 15, 2006 
 /s/ Gregory P. Hanson, CMA

Gregory P. Hanson, CMA 

Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 principal accounting officer 

</EX-32.3>

