<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20060413_10-K_edgar_data_1055294_0000950137-06-004446.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1106929</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>379878</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>498108</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>5</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950137-06-004446.hdr.sgml : 20060413
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060412191755
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950137-06-004446
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20051231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060413
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060412

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kansas City Southern de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001055294
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RAILROADS, LINE-HAUL OPERATING [4011]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			O5
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-08322
		FILM NUMBER:		06757021

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		AVENIDA PERIFERICO SUR NO 4829, 4 PISO
		STREET 2:		COL PARQUES DEL PEDREGAL
		CITY:			MEXICO CITY
		STATE:			O5
		ZIP:			14010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		011525554475800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		AVENIDA PERIFERICO SUR NO 4829, 4 PISO
		STREET 2:		COL PARQUES DEL PEDREGAL
		CITY:			MEXICO CITY
		STATE:			O5
		ZIP:			14010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kansas City Southern de M?xico, S. A. de C. V.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060412

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TFM SA DE CV
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020913

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MEXICAN RAILWAY TRANSPORTATION INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980211

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Dg5cyeTlqTl7X8jlhyckqSLYg5TGVOtaOZjeHu32c6tRO4loqp6bMqvBpCh0fxLS
 1crMi9z08/xBOJlwcqRIKA==

 0000950137-06-004446.txt : 20060413

10-K
 1
 c03885e10vk.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

e10vk 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, DC 20549 

Form 10-K 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number 333-08322 

Kansas City Southern de M xico, S.A. de C.V. 

(formerly known as TFM, S.A. de C.V.) 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Kansas City Southern of M xico 
(Translation of Registrant s name into English)

Mexico 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) 

4011 
 (Primary Standard Industrial 
Classification Code Number) 

N/A 
 (IRS Employer 
Identification No.) 

Montes
Urales, 625 
Lomas de Chapultepec 
11000 M xico, D.F. 
M xico 
 (5255) 9178-5836 
 (Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, 
Including Area Code, of Registrant s Principal Executive Offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
None 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule
405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section
13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed
by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation
S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. (Not applicable)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated
filer, or a non-accelerated filer.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company. Yes No

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by
non-affiliates: Not applicable

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock,
as of the latest practicable date: 1,107,191,004

Kansas
City Southern de M xico S.A. de C.V. meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction I(1)(a) and
(b) and is therefore filing this form with the reduced disclosure format.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: Not applicable.

Kansas City Southern de M xico, S.A. de C.V. 
2005 Form 10-K Annual Report 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

17 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

25 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

25 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

27 

Item 4. 
 
 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

31 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for the Company s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

31 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

31 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operation 

33 

Item 7A 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

52 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

54 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure 

114 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

114 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

114 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

114 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation

114 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
Stockholder Matters

114 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

114 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

115 

Signatures 

Amendment to the Credit Agreement 
 Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 - Michael R. Haverty 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 - Ronald G. Russ 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 - Michael R. Haverty and Ronald G. Russ 

- 2 -

Table of Contents 

Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all references in this Annual
Report to KCSM, TFM, we, ours, us, the Company, or similar terms refer to Kansas City
Southern de M xico, S.A. de C.V. (formerly known as TFM, S.A. de C.V.) together with its
subsidiaries, and references to KCS means Kansas City Southern, a Delaware corporation that, as
of September 12, 2005, became our sole shareholder. References to Grupo TFM means Grupo
Transportaci n Ferroviaria Mexicana, S.A. de C.V.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

You should carefully review the information contained in this Annual Report and in other
reports or documents that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC ). In this Annual Report, we state our beliefs of future events and of our future
financial performance. In some cases, you can identify those so-called forward-looking statements 
by words such as may, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, 
 estimates, predicts, potential, or continue or the negative of those words and other
comparable words. You should be aware that those statements are only our predictions. Actual events
or results may differ materially. In evaluating those statements, you should specifically consider
various factors, including the risks discussed in this Annual Report and other reports or documents
that we file from time to time with the SEC. Those factors may cause our actual results to differ
materially from any of our forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements attributable
to us or a person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary
statement.

Part I 

Item 1. Business 

COMPANY HISTORY 

Kansas City Southern de M xico, S.A. de C.V. we , our , us , KCSM , TFM , or the Company commenced operations in June 1997 under a 50-year concession granted by the Mexican government to
provide freight transportation services over the Northeast Rail Lines, the first rail lines to be
privatized in the Mexican railroad system. Prior to the
privatization, KCS
and Grupo TMM, S.A. Grupo TMM jointly formed and invested in our parent, Grupo Transportaci n
Ferroviaria Mexicana, S.A. de C.V., Grupo TFM ), with KCS owning a 36.9 economic interest (49 
of the shares entitled to full voting rights) and Grupo TMM owning a 38.5 economic interest (51 
of the shares entitled to full voting rights). In 2002, we purchased the remaining 24.6 of Grupo
TFM held by the Mexican government. This transaction increased KCS s ownership in Grupo TFM to a
46.6 economic interest and Grupo TMM s ownership in Grupo TFM to a 48.5 economic interest.

On April 1, 2005, KCS completed the acquisition from Grupo TMM of all of its shares of Grupo
TFM, giving KCS ownership of 100 of the shares of Grupo TFM entitled to full voting rights. As of
April 1, 2005, Grupo TFM owned 80 of our outstanding share capital (which represents all of our
shares with full voting rights), while the remaining 20 of us (with limited voting
rights) was owned by the Mexican government. Accordingly, KCS became our controlling stockholder
through its ownership of Grupo TFM on April 1, 2005.

On September 12, 2005, we, Grupo TFM, and KCS, along with Grupo TMM, entered into a settlement
agreement with the Mexican government resolving certain disputes and controversies between the
companies and the Mexican government concerning the payment of a refund of the value added taxes VAT paid when the concession title and certain other
assets were transferred to us and
Grupo TFM s obligation to purchase of the remaining shares of us owned by the Mexican government.
As a result of this settlement, KCS and its subsidiaries now own 100 of Grupo TFM and us, and the
Mexican government s remaining 20 ownership interest in us has been eliminated; the potential
obligation of KCS, Grupo TFM and Grupo TMM to acquire the Mexican government s remaining 20 
interest in us has been eliminated; and the legal obligation of the Mexican government to issue the
VAT refund to us has been satisfied.

- 3 -

Table of Contents 

BUSINESS OVERVIEW 

We operate the primary commercial corridor of the Mexican railroad system, which allows us to
participate significantly in the growing freight traffic between Mexico, the U.S. and Canada. Our
rail lines consist of 2,639 miles of main track. In addition, we have trackage rights entitling us
to run our trains over 541 miles of track of other Mexican railroad operators. We provide freight
transportation services under our 50-year concession, during the first 30 years of which we are the
exclusive provider, subject to certain trackage rights of other freight carriers. Our concession is
renewable for additional periods of up to 50 years subject to certain conditions.

We believe our rail lines comprise the most strategically significant and most actively
traveled rail corridor in Mexico. Our rail lines connect the most populated and industrialized
regions of Mexico with the principal border gateway between Mexico and the U.S. at Nuevo Laredo
(Tamaulipas) and Laredo (Texas). In addition, we serve three of Mexico s most important seaports at
Veracruz and Tampico on the Gulf of Mexico and L zaro C rdenas on the Pacific Ocean. As a result,
we believe our routes are integral to Mexico s foreign trade.

We seek to establish our railroad as the primary inland freight transporter linking Mexico
with the U.S. and Canadian markets. As the operator of the primary and most direct rail corridor
from the U.S. border to Mexico City, our route structure enables us to benefit from continuing
growth resulting from the North American Free Trade Agreement NAFTA ). We are the only Mexican railroad that serves the Mexico-U.S. border crossing
at Nuevo Laredo-Laredo, which is the largest freight exchange point between Mexico and the U.S.
Through KCS s U.S. rail subsidiaries, as well as through interchanges with other major U.S.
railroads, we provide customers with access to an extensive network through which they may
distribute products throughout North America and overseas.

Our revenues are derived from the movement of a diversified mix of commodities and products
predominantly attributable to cross-border traffic with the U.S. We transport agro-industrial
products, industrial products and manufactured products, cement, metals and minerals, chemical and
petrochemical products, automotive products, and intermodal freight. Our customers include leading
international and Mexican corporations.

The Concession 

We hold a 50-year concession, which took effect in June 1997 and is renewable under certain
conditions for up to 50 years, to provide freight transportation services over rail lines serving
the northern and central portions of Mexico, and connecting three of Mexico s main ports with
Mexico City, Monterrey and the Nuevo Laredo-Laredo border crossing. Our concession is exclusive for
the first 30 years of our operations, subject to certain mandatory trackage rights granted to
 Ferrocarril Mexicano, S.A. de C.V. Ferromex ),
 Ferrosur, S.A. de C.V. Ferrosur ),
two short line railroads and Ferrocarril y Terminal del Valle de M xico, S.A de C.V. (Mexico Valley
Railroad and Terminal) FTVM ). In 1997, Grupo TFM paid a total of 1,464.5 million to acquire
80.0 of our shares (which represent all of our shares with full voting rights) and
certain railroad equipment and related assets, and a 25.0 interest in FTVM. We have the right to
use, during the full term of the concession, all track and buildings that are necessary for our
rail lines operation. Under the terms of the concession, we are required to pay the Mexican
government a concession duty equal to 0.5 of our gross revenues during the first 15 years of the
concession period and 1.25 of such revenues during the remainder of the period.

Under
the concession and the Mexican railroad services law and regulations, we may freely set
our rates unless the Secretaria de Comunicaciones y Transportes Ministry of Communications and Transportation or SCT ), in consultation with the Mexican Antitrust
Commission, determines that there is no effective competition in Mexico s rail industry, taking
into account alternative rail routes and modes of transportation. If the Mexican Antitrust
Commission determines that there is a lack of competition, the SCT will
establish the basis for our rates. Our rates must be registered and applied in accordance with the
Mexican railroad services law and regulations. In applying our rates, we must not make
cross-subsidies, engage in tied sales or engage in other discriminatory pricing tactics. We are
required to provide railroad services to all users on a fair and non-discriminatory basis and in
accordance with efficiency and safety standards approved periodically
by the SCT. In the event that we collect from customers rates higher than the registered rates,
we must reimburse those customers with interest, and risk the revocation of the concession.

- 4 -

Table of Contents 

Mexican railroad services law and regulations and the concession establish several
circumstances under which the concession will terminate, including
revocation by the SCT, voluntary surrender of our rights under the concession, statutory appropriation,
and our liquidation or bankruptcy. Specifically, the Mexican government, acting through the
SCT, may revoke the concession for the following reasons: (1) unjustified
interruption of the operation of our rail lines; (2) any act or omission that restricts the ability
of other Mexican rail railway concession holders to use our rail lines; (3) failure to make
payments for damages caused during the performance of services; (4) repeatedly charging rates
higher than the registered rates; (5) a change in our nationality; (6) our assignment of, or
creation of liens on, the concession without the prior approval of
the SCT;
(7) failure to maintain a performance bond and adequate insurance coverage as required by the
Mexican railroad services law and regulations; and (8) noncompliance with any term or condition of
Mexican railroad services law and regulations or the concession. In the cases of (5) or (6) above,
the concession will be automatically revoked. In the cases (1) or (4)
the concession shall be revoked following the imposition
of a sanction by SCT on three occasions. In the cases (2), (3) or
(7) the concession shall be revoked following the imposition of a
sanction by SCT on five occasions. In the event that the concession is revoked by the
SCT, we will receive no compensation, and our rail lines and all other
fixtures covered by the concession, as well as all improvements made by us, will revert to the
Mexican government. All other property not covered by the concession, including movable railroad
property we purchased from the Mexican government, as well as all locomotives and railcars we
otherwise acquired, will remain our property. However, if we attempt to sell more than 15.0 of our
equipment to a third party within 90 days of termination or revocation of our concession, the
Mexican government will have a right of first refusal to purchase the equipment on the same terms
offered by the third party if no other concessionaire is likely to provide rail services over our
rail lines and the equipment being sold is indispensable to the continuation of our rail services.
After the Mexican government receives notice from us of our intention to sell the equipment, it
will have 30 days to exercise its right of first refusal. In addition, the Mexican government will
have the right to cause us to lease all of our service-related assets
to the SCT for a term of at least one year, automatically renewable for additional one-year
terms up to five years. The Mexican government must exercise this right within four months after
revocation of the concession.

The concession requires us to make investments and undertake capital projects, including
capital projects described in a business plan filed every five years with the Mexican government.
We filed our second business plan with the Mexican government in 2003. Under the terms of the plan,
we have committed to certain minimum investment and capital improvement goals, which may be waived
by the SCT upon our application for relief for good cause. We are also
responsible for compliance with efficiency and safety standards set forth in the concession, which
are based on standards of the Association of American Railroads AAR ).

Under the concession, we are responsible for all ecological and environmental damage that we
may cause from and after the date of commencement of operations. The Mexican government has agreed
to indemnify us for any environmental liability relating to soil, subsoil or groundwater
contamination attributable to the Mexican government s operations occurring prior to the
commencement of operations in accordance with the concession title in 1997. We assumed full
responsibility for the operation of supply depots and shops and the supervision of infrastructure
projects, as well as compliance with present and future environmental protection laws and
regulations.

We are required by the concession to obtain and maintain insurance policies in accordance with
the terms of the Mexican railroad services law and regulations. Except under specific
circumstances, we are responsible for damage caused to cargo transported by us over our lines, as
well as for damage caused to third parties and such parties property as a result of our
activities.

- 5 -

Table of Contents 

The concession prohibits us from refusing to transport water to communities in need of such
service because of geographical or demographical characteristics, provided that we are paid at the
prescribed tariff rate. We are also required to transport mail, emergency supplies necessary for
rescue and salvage operations, and members of the Mexican government s armed forces. We must also
grant a right of passage for all railroad equipment of the Mexican government s armed forces. The
concession also requires us under certain circumstances to establish reserves to cover contingent
labor liabilities that arise during the term of the concession.

If the Mexican government legally terminates the concession, public domain assets used in the
operation of our rail lines would be owned, controlled and managed by the Mexican government. The
Mexican government may also temporarily seize our rail lines and our assets used in operating our
rail lines in the event of a natural disaster, war, significant public disturbances, or imminent
danger to the domestic peace or economy. In such events, the SCT may
restrict our ability to exploit the concession fully for such time and in such manner as the
SCT deems necessary under the circumstances but only for the duration of any
of the foregoing events.

Mexican law requires that the Mexican government pay us compensation if it effects a statutory
appropriation for reasons of the public interest. With respect to a temporary seizure due to any
cause other than international war, the Mexican railroad services law and regulations provides that
the Mexican government will indemnify an affected concessionaire for an amount equal to damages
caused and losses suffered. These payments may not be sufficient to compensate us for our losses
and may not be timely made.

Under the concession, the Mexican government has specifically reserved the right to grant
exclusive rights to provide passenger service over our rail lines to a concessionaire other than
us. Since we commenced operations, the Mexican government has provided a minimal level of
passenger train service to certain areas within our service territory under an arrangement in which
 Ferrocarriles Nacionales de M xico, en Liquidaci n FNM is responsible for the management of all
passenger cars and related personnel necessary for the provision of such service. Our obligation
with respect to the provision of passenger service by FNM is limited to providing FNM with
locomotive power, engineers and dispatching services for which we are reimbursed.

Network 

Our rail lines extend from Mexico City, Toluca and Aguascalientes to the U.S. border crossings
at Nuevo Laredo and Matamoros and to seaports on the Gulf of Mexico and the Pacific Ocean. Our main
track consists of core and feeder routes. Our core routes serve the principal industrial and
population centers of Mexico while our feeder lines connect with the ports of Veracruz, L zaro
C rdenas and Tampico, three of Mexico s four most important seaports.

We currently have intermodal terminals located in Monterrey, Toluca, San Lu s Potos , and also
access to intermodal terminals at Quer taro, Guadalajara, Ramos Arizpe and Encantada. In addition,
we have direct access to intermodal terminals at the ports of Tampico, Veracruz and L zaro C rdenas
and to intermodal terminals at Altamira and Manzanillo through interline service with Ferromex, and
in Mexico City through the FTVM. We also have access to intermodal terminals at Laredo operated by
the Texas Mexican Railway Company Tex-Mex , another wholly owned subsidiary of KCS) and the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, which we are using to develop international intermodal business.

Core Routes and Traffic 

Our rail lines comprise five core routes. We believe these core routes are integral to
Mexico s foreign trade, as they connect Mexico s most industrialized and populated regions with its
principal border and seaport gateways.

Mexico City Nuevo Laredo. Our rail lines provide exclusive rail access to the U.S.-Mexico
border crossing at Nuevo Laredo, the most important interchange for freight between the U.S. and
Mexico, through our 797-mile route from Mexico City to Nuevo Laredo. We operate the southern half
of the international rail bridge, which spans the Rio Grande to connect Nuevo Laredo with Laredo.
Our affiliate Tex-Mex operates the northern half of the international rail bridge. In 2004 and
2005, 62.7 and 63.7 , respectively, of Mexico s total imports and exports carried by rail passed
through Nuevo Laredo. The Mexico City Nuevo Laredo route is the shortest rail route between
Mexico City and the U.S. border. This route has the lowest grades of any rail route between the
U.S. border and Mexico City, which

- 6 -

Table of Contents 

translates into savings of both fuel and locomotive power. Movements over the Mexico City 
Nuevo Laredo route accounted for, 63.2 , 64.2 and 63.7 of our total revenues in 2003, 2004 and
2005, respectively.

Products transported through Nuevo Laredo include finished vehicles and auto parts, grain,
appliances, beer, chemicals, scrap paper and plastics. In 2003, 2004 and 2005, rail traffic
representing 405.2 million, 426.5 million and 455.6 million in revenues, respectively, was
transported through Nuevo Laredo on our rail lines, of which approximately 65.2 , 67.5 and 63.7 ,
respectively, consisted of import traffic.

Mexico City Lazaro Cardenas. We provide exclusive access to the port of Lazaro Cardenas on
the Pacific Ocean over our 491-mile route from Mexico City. In 2003, 2004 and 2005, we transported
rail traffic representing 44.1 million, 61.1 million and 62.0 million in revenues, respectively,
through Lazaro Cardenas. Traffic at L zaro C rdenas is both domestic and import traffic, consisting
of minerals, iron, steel slabs, wire rods, fertilizers and intermodal containers. The tunnels along
this route are cleared for double-stack intermodal containers. The port of L zaro C rdenas also
handles traffic for export to Pacific Rim nations. The Mexican government is developing the port at
L zaro C rdenas on the Pacific Ocean as an alternate to the congested U.S. West Coast ports of Los Angeles/Long
Beach. Through our rail service to this port, we plan to provide an
alternate route for Asian traffic bound for destinations in Mexico and in the eastern, southern and midwestern United States.

Mexico City Veracruz. Both KCSM and Ferrosur serve the port of Veracruz in the Gulf of
Mexico. We serve Veracruz through a 288-mile route from Mexico City. In 2003, 2004 and 2005, we
transported rail traffic representing 36.6 million, 32.9 million and 29.4 million in revenues,
respectively, through Veracruz, of which approximately 68.2 , 66.1 and 74.0 , respectively, was
derived from import traffic. The rail freight we transport to and from the port of Veracruz
includes autos, grains, steel and mineral products, chemicals and containers.

Monterrey Matamoros. Our rail lines include a 203-mile line from Monterrey to Matamoros. We
are the exclusive provider of rail service to Matamoros, which is an alternative to the Nuevo
Laredo border crossing to the U.S. We interchange rail freight at the Matamoros border crossing at
Brownsville, Texas with both the Union Pacific Railroad Company and the BNSF Railway Company. At
Matamoros, we have access to the port of Brownsville, the nearest seaport to Monterrey, through our
interchange with the Union Pacific Railroad Company. In 2003, 2004 and 2005, we transported rail
traffic representing 46.1 million, 43.3 million and 46.2 million in revenues, respectively,
through Matamoros, of which 73.2 , 77.5 and 80.4 , respectively, consisted of import traffic.
Freight traffic through Matamoros includes grains, steel coils, metal scrap, chemicals and iron
slabs.

Tampico
 Altamira. These ports situated in the Gulf of Mexico
generated 5.2 , 5.6 and 6.0 of our total
revenues in 2005, 2004, and 2003, respectively. In 2003, 2004 and 2005, we transported rail traffic representing 38.5 million,
 37.2 million and 37.4 million in revenues, respectively, through these ports.

Kansas City Southern 

KCS is our controlling stockholder. KCS s principal U.S. subsidiary, The Kansas City Southern
Railway Company KCSR ), is one of seven Class I railroads in the U.S. The rail network of KCSR,
Tex-Mex and KCSM together comprises approximately 6,000 miles of main and branch lines extending
from the midwest portions of the United States south into Mexico. In addition, through a strategic
alliance with Canadian National Railway Company CN and Illinois Central Corporation IC ), our
rail network covers approximately 25,000 miles of main and branch lines connecting Canada, the
United States and Mexico. The CN and IC alliance connects Canadian markets with major midwestern
and southern markets in the United States, as well as with major markets in Mexico through KCSR s
connections with Tex-Mex and us. We and KCS believe that we are poised to continue to benefit from
the growing north/south trade between the United States, Mexico, and Canada promoted by NAFTA.

KCS s rail network, of which we are a part, is further expanded through marketing agreements
between KCSR and Norfolk Southern Railway Company Norfolk Southern ), the BNSF Railway Company,
and the Iowa, Chicago Eastern Railroad Corporation IC E ). This rail network interconnects with
all other Class I railroads and provides shippers with an effective alternative to other railroad
routes, giving direct access to Mexico and the southeastern and midwestern United States through
less congested traffic hubs. As a result of KCS s acquisition of control over us, we

- 7 -

Table of Contents 

expect to become more fully integrated into KCS s NAFTA growth strategy, which includes KCSR s
established strategic alliances and marketing agreements with other railroads.

Product Categories 

We believe that we have succeeded in converting customers from trucking transport to rail
because we offer reliable rail service at competitive prices. We believe that our service is safer,
more punctual and more efficient than that provided prior to the privatization of the Mexican
railroad system and that, as a result, we are able to better serve certain shippers in the
agro-industrial, chemical, automotive and intermodal sectors that have time-sensitive
transportation needs because their products may be valuable, perishable or hazardous, or, in the
case of intermodal freight, because they must connect with other transportation facilities at a
predetermined date. Having substantially reduced cargo theft and vandalism, improved transit times
and on-time performance and focused on customer service, we believe that we are well positioned to
continue to capture traffic from the trucking sector.

The following table sets forth, by product category, our revenues and traffic volumes by
carloads for 2005 and 2004.

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2004(1) 

of 

of 

Product Category 
 
 Carloads 

Revenues 

Revenues 

Carloads 

Revenues 

Revenues 

(In millions) 

(In millions) 

Agro-industrial products

120,956 

163.0 

22.7 

125,688 

143.4 

21.6 

Cement, metals and minerals

171,671 

142.1 

19.8 

173,198 

138.2 

20.9 

Chemical and petrochemical
products

97,058 

126.6 

17.6 

101,291 

125.7 

18.9 

Automotive products

114,558 

115.7 

16.1 

119,104 

119.8 

18.0 

Manufactured products,
industrial products

104,720 

100.2 

14.0 

97,741 

79.3 

11.9 

Intermodal freight

212,276 

57.3 

8.0 

208,452 

50.5 

7.6 

Other(2)

12.7 

1.8 

7.3 

1.1 

KCSM

821,239 

717.6 

100 

825,474 

664.2 

100.0 

Tex-Mex

60,176 

35.0 

Total

821,239 

717.6 

885,650 

699.2 

(1) 
 
 Tex-Mex 2004 revenues include seven months as a consequence of the sale of 51 of Mexrail
(Tex-Mex s parent company) to KCS in August 2004. 

(2) 
 
 Other revenues include complementary railroad services such as haulage, demurrage, and fuel
surcharges. 

Agro-industrial Products 

For the year 2005, 163.0 million, or 22.7 of our total transportation revenues, was derived
from the movement of agro-industrial products. Our revenues generated from our agro-industrial
sector increased by 13.7 from 2004.

Movement of corn experienced a major increase as a result of higher import volumes during this
period. Movement of sugar maintained a more regular rate of volume increase during this period.
Price improvements also favorably impacted this period. This increase was partially offset by a
reduction in import shipments of soybeans, sorghum and wheat products during the year 2005.

The U.S. and Canada are the dominant suppliers of agricultural products to Mexico and a
significant amount of the agro-industrial products carried over our rail lines are imports,
consisting primarily of grains, grain products (principally corn, soybeans and wheat), as well as seeds
and feed grains, imported to Mexico from the U.S. and Canada. In Mexico these grains are used
principally for human consumption and for feed. These products enter Mexico by rail at the U.S.
border crossings at Nuevo Laredo and Matamoros and by ship at the ports of Tampico, Altamira,
Veracruz and

- 8 -

Table of Contents 

L zaro C rdenas from where they are transported by rail to storage and processing facilities
in Mexico City, Monterrey, Puebla, Torreon, Veracruz and other cities. Our key customers are
 Pilgrims Pride de Mexico, S.A. de C.V., CP Ingredients, Ragasa Industrias, S.A. de C. V.,
Comercializadora Internacional Vali, S.A. de C. V. and Grupo Altex, S.A. de C.V. 

Cement, Metals and Minerals 

In 2005, 142.1 million, or 19.8 of our total transportation revenues, was derived from the
movement of cement, metals and minerals. Our revenues generated in this product category increased
by 2.8 from 2004. Domestic revenues increased during the year 2005 as a result of an increase in
the production volumes of construction materials such as billets, bar and wire, cement and minerals
as a result of the continuing strong performance in the construction and mining industries. Steel slab and steel coils revenue
increased as a result of higher international traffic flows for both imports and exports due to higher consumption of manufacturing
industries, as well as targeted rate increases during the year 2005.

This product category includes metals, minerals and ores such as iron, steel, zinc and copper,
as well as cement. The majority of metals, minerals and ores mined, and steel produced, in Mexico
is used for domestic consumption. The volume of Mexican steel exports fluctuates based on global
market conditions and prices.

Most of Mexico s major steel plants and mills are located along our rail lines, and a large
amount of finished products from these mills are exported to manufacturers in the U.S., while the
remainder is used domestically. We also seek to convert the traffic flowing from the mines,
quarries and smelters within Mexico to our rail lines. We currently transport iron, steel and other
metals, minerals and ore products from mills at L zaro C rdenas to steel plants and mills in
northern Mexico. Finished products such as steel coil used in the production of higher-end finished products such as automobiles, household appliances
and other consumer goods, are imported through Nuevo Laredo and
through seaports served by our rail lines, as well as the port of
Brownsville.
Our customers
include IMSA-MEX, S.A. de C. V., Hylsa, S.A. de C. V., Sider rgica L zaro C rdenas Las Truchas,
S.A. de C. V. and Cementos Apasco, S.A. de C. V. 

Cement is one of the most widely used commodities in construction in Mexico and is produced
throughout the country for both domestic use and export to the U.S. Two major companies in Mexico
which move their products with us are CEMEX and Cementos Apasco, S.A. de C. V. Due to its bulk and
density, cement is ill-suited for road transport and, as a result, is hauled almost exclusively by
rail.

Chemical and Petrochemical Products 

In 2005, 126.6 million, or 17.6 of our total transportation revenues, was derived from the
movement of chemical and petrochemical products. For the year 2005, our revenues increased by 0.7 
from 2004. Domestic revenues increased as a result of a higher consumption of diesel and gasoline
during 2005.

The chemical and petrochemical products we transport consist of petrochemical products
imported from the U.S. into Mexico and domestic traffic consisting of fuel transported from PEMEX
Refinanci n PEMEX refineries to regional distribution centers and power plants owned by the
 Comisi n Federal de Electricidad (the Mexican Federal Electricity Commission CFE ), the Mexican
government-owned electric utility. CFE is a major user of fuel oil, much of which is transported
from PEMEX refineries to CFE power generating plants near our rail lines. We operate a unit train
dedicated to transporting these fuels for CFE. We transport fuel oil
from PEMEX refineries located in Salamanca and Tula to
L zaro C rdenas.

Transportation
of plastics for M G Polimeros S.A. de M xico , Exxon
Mobil S.A., Dow Chemicals 
and Bulkmatic S.A. , and transportation of soda ash for Vitro, Quimir, Modelo contributed to our
revenue growth in 2005.

- 9 -

Table of Contents 

Automotive Products 

Our automotive revenues during 2005 were 115.7 million, or 16.1 of our total transportation
revenues.

During 2005, the automotive revenues decreased by 3.4 from 2004. This revenue reduction is a
consequence of the decline in production due to the continued
recession in the North American automotive
industry and the closure of the DaimlerChrysler plant in Lago Alberto, and the subsequent
relocation of its production facilities to Encantada in Coahuila.

The automotive products we transport consist primarily of automotive parts imported into
Mexico for assembly in Mexican auto plants, and finished vehicles exported to the U.S. and Canada,
and to some extent imported finished vehicles. We have started to convert the potential for growth
in the domestic automobile distribution market through automotive ramps at Aguascalientes,
Monterrey, Toluca and Veracruz. We believe that we will enhance our ability to move finished
automobiles cost-effectively in the international and domestic markets and to convert this traffic
from truck to rail transport by providing service superior to that provided by our predecessor and
that provided by the trucking industry.

Manufactured Products and Industrial Products 

For the year 2005, 100.2 million, or 14.0 , of our total transportation
revenues were derived from the movement of manufactured products and industrial products. Our revenues generated in this
product category increased by 7.1 from 2004. Growth in this segment was a consequence of the
strong transportation of beer, paper and pulpwood and recovery of
traffic from barge movements, as
well as new traffic. Additionally, beer showed an increase of 47.0 in export traffics due to
higher production to cover demand in the U.S. market. Home appliances
revenue increased, driven mainly by higher exports to the U.S.
market. Revenue related to scrap paper also increased due to a
recovery of traffic that was lost in 2004 to barge traffic and obtaining new traffic.

The manufactured and consumer products that we transport include home appliances, textiles,
ceramic tile, scrap paper, glass, paper, beer and pulp. We also transport a variety of industrial
products such as machinery, including boilers, generators, turbines, tanks and transformers,
processed foods and nonperishable products. Processed food products produced in Mexico are both
exported for consumption abroad and consumed domestically. Currently, trucks transport a
significant percentage of processed foods and nonperishable products. We believe there are
opportunities for revenue growth in the industrial products segment, including manufactured
products and paper products, mainly through the conversion of cargo
from Mexican and U.S. companies from truck
to rail transport.

We have a long-term contract with Mabe S.A. de C. V. Mabe to transport all the
appliances it exports to the U.S. and most of the products it distributes domestically. Mabe is the
largest Mexican home appliance manufacturer, 49.0 of which is owned by the General Electric
Company (GE). Mabe produces most of the gas and electric ranges sold in the U.S. under the GE 
brand and refrigerators exported to the U.S.

We believe that bulk products such as paper, including tissue paper, corrugated paper, brown
paper, newsprint and others packaging paper, and pulp can be shipped at cost-effective rates by
rail from manufacturing plants located near our rail lines to regional distribution centers and
directly to the retailer. The majority of the paper and forest products presently carried on our
rail lines consist of scrap paper, printing paper, brown paper and wood pulp imported from the
southeastern U.S., Canada and Texas to paper mills, newspaper publishers, and printers in major
population centers in Mexico.

Large volumes of paper products are manufactured in Mexico at plants near our rail lines by
companies such as Kimberly-Clark de Mexico, S.A. de C. V.,
Smurfit, S.A., Grupo Pipsamex, S.A. de C.
V., Copamex and SCA for domestic

- 10 -

Table of Contents 

and international consumption, or are imported into Mexico by U.S. paper companies such as
MeadWestvaco, International Paper, Rayonier, Weyerhaeuser, Bowater,
and Koch Cellulose.

Intermodal Freight 

For the year 2005, 57.3 million, or 8.0 , of our total transportation revenues were derived
from intermodal freight, which entails hauling products in freight containers in combination with
transport by water, rail and/or motor carriers, with rail carriers serving as the link between the
other modes of transportation. During the year 2005, our revenues in this product category
increased by 13.5 from 2004. This increase was mainly attributable to the consolidation of
steamship service at the port of L zaro C rdenas.

Sales and Marketing 

Our
marketing and sales efforts are designed to grow and expand our
current business base by focusing on truck conversion up the supply chain and securing existing traffic with
current customers through long-term contracts. Emphasis is placed on attracting new business
in the U.S., Canada and Mexico. We believe these efforts will continue to benefit from NAFTA as well as the development
of the port of L zaro C rdenas.

With
respect to intermodal customers, we will be working in conjunction with the rest of the KCS rail lines
in offering single line services between L zaro C rdenas and the U.S., Mexico City proper and the U.S., and
Monterrey proper and the U.S. We will also develop services for L zaro C rdenas into Mexico City proper and Monterrey proper.

To
meet the needs of customers shipping commodities in carload units, such as agricultural products,
chemicals and
automotive products, we will work with our affiliates, Tex-Mex and KCSR in
capitalizing upon our strategic advantage resulting from our direct
access to key ports and interchange points through our rail lines, which connect with the extensive
route structures of Tex-Mex, KCSR, the Union Pacific Railroad and other major U.S. and
Canadian rail carriers.

A
significant portion of our contracts are both quoted and settled in
U.S. dollars, and the vast
majority of additional freight services are quoted in U.S. dollars
and settled at a U.S. dollar-Mexican peso exchange
rate which approximates a U.S. dollar-denominated contract. We are continuing to move forward with
executing dollar-denominated contracts, and we believe that a majority of our contracts are
currently denominated in U.S. dollars.

SICOTRA 

We have a license to use SICOTRA, a Union Pacific Technologies system, for among other
purposes, the reporting of car movements in train and yard operations and the processing of bill of
lading information.

Management Control System MCS 

In 2005, we proceeded with plans to upgrade our communication infrastructure and systems in
anticipation of installing KCS s computerized MCS management control system in 2006. This
state-of-the-art system will replace SICOTRA and is designed to provide better analytical tools for
management to use in its decision-making processes. MCS, among other things, delivers work orders
to yard and train crews to ensure that the service being provided reflects what was sold to the
customer. The system also tracks individual shipments as they move across the rail system, compares
that movement to the service sold to the customer and automatically reports the shipment s status
to the

- 11 -

Table of Contents 

customer and to operations management. If a shipment falls behind schedule, MCS automatically
generates alerts and action recommendations so that corrective action
can be promptly initiated.

We expect MCS to provide better analytical tools for management to use in its decision-making
process. We anticipate that MCS will provide more accurate and timely information on, among other
things, terminal dwell time, car velocity through terminals and priority of switching to meet
schedules. A data warehouse is expected to provide an improved decision support infrastructure. By
making decisions based upon that information, we expect to improve service quality and utilization
of locomotives, rolling stock, crews, yards, and line of road and thereby reduce cycle times and
costs. With the implementation of service scheduling, we also expect MCS to provide improved
customer service through improved advanced planning and real-time decision support. By designing
all new business processes around workflow technology, we expect to more effectively follow key
operating statistics to measure productivity and improve our operating performance.

We expect MCS to improve clerical and information technology group efficiencies. We believe
that information technology and other support groups will be able to reduce maintenance costs,
increase their flexibility to respond to new requests and improve productivity. By using a layered
design approach, MCS is expected to have the ability to extend to new technology as it becomes
available. MCS can be further modified to connect customers with additional applications via the
Internet and is intended to be constructed to support multiple railroads, permit modifications to
accommodate the local language requirements of the area and operate across multiple time zones. A
later enhancement of MCS is expected to also include revenue and car accounting systems.

Train Dispatching System 

We are presently utilizing two
types of train dispatching systems:

A radio-based track warrant control system is in place over approximately 1,747 miles of
track, representing approximately 66 of our rail lines. It utilizes direct radio communication
between dispatchers and engineers combined with specific track assignments to coordinate
train movements and dispatching. 

A centralized traffic control system, or CTC system, which allows a central dispatcher in
Monterrey to manage track operations between Mexico City and Nuevo Laredo, is in place over
an aggregate distance of 892 track miles, representing approximately 34 of our
rail lines. 

To improve operating efficiencies, the dispatchers covering all portions of our rail lines,
under both the radio-based track warrant control and CTC systems, are now using the same computer
system. This computer system is scheduled for replacement as part of
a KCS company-wide initiative to have all KCS rail lines on the same computerized dispatching system in 2006.

Documentation and Billing System 

We have developed, tested and fully implemented a state-of-the-art documentation and billing
system that allows our customers to use the Internet to track and trace their railcars, access online
documentation and use predetermined templates to expedite the
process and ensure consistency and quality of information.

Online Customer Service 

In the customer service area, we have converted our Internet home page into a comprehensive
tool permitting customers to track the delivery of their shipments and obtain a wide range of
information regarding our services. Besides providing information about our business areas and
services, our website provides customers with access to multiple services including:

electronic waybilling; 

- 12 -

Table of Contents 

Track and Trace 

AEI (Automatic Equipment Identification) readouts; 

our graphical rail network; 

equipment order monitoring; 

rate inquiries; 

equipment historical information; 

an automatic delivery reporting feature which can be customized by the user based on the
day of the week and delivery time and can handle up to 10 delivery recipients; 

invoice inquiries; and 

train schedule and other information. 

Subsidiaries and Principal Affiliates 

Arrendadora TFM 

Arrendadora TFM, our 98 -owned subsidiary, was incorporated on September 27, 2002 as a
 sociedad an nima de capital variable (variable capital corporation), under the laws of Mexico, and
its only operation is the leasing to us of the locomotives and cars acquired by us through the
privatization and subsequently transferred by us to Arrendadora TFM.

Mexico Valley Railroad and Terminal (FTVM) 

FTVM was incorporated as a sociedad an nima de capital variable (variable capital
corporation), under the laws of Mexico. The corporate purpose of the company is to provide railroad
services as well as ancillary services, including those related to interconnection, switching and
haulage services. We hold 25.0 of the share capital of this company. The other shareholders of
FTVM, each holding 25.0 , are Ferromex, Ferrosur and the Mexican
government. Ferromex and Ferrosur are currently under the common
control of Grupo Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Grupo Mexico ).

Mexrail 

Mexrail,
which is also a wholly owned subsidiary of KCS, owns 100 of Tex Mex, which in turn operates a 157-mile rail line extending from
Laredo to the port city of Corpus Christi, Texas. Tex-Mex connects with our rail lines at the
U.S./Mexico border at Laredo and connects to KCSR through trackage rights at Beaumont, Texas.
Mexrail owns the northern half of the rail-bridge at Laredo, Texas, while we operate the southern,
or Mexican, portion of the international rail bridge at Nuevo Laredo, which spans the Rio Grande
River between the U.S. and Mexico. Laredo is a principal international gateway through
which more than 50 of all rail and truck traffic between the U.S. and Mexico crosses the border.

On March 27, 2002, we acquired from Grupo TMM and KCS all of the outstanding stock of Mexrail.
On August 16, 2004, we entered into an agreement
with KCS to sell to KCS Mexrail shares representing 51 ownership of Mexrail for approximately
 32.7 million. The Mexrail shares were placed in a voting trust pending regulatory approval by the
United States SurfaceTransportation Board STB of KCS s common control of Tex-Mex, KCSR and the
Gateway Eastern Railway Company Gateway Eastern ). On November 29, 2004, the STB approved KCS s
application for authority to control Tex-Mex and the U.S. portion of the international rail bridge
at Laredo, Texas. On January 1, 2005, the shares
representing 51 of Mexrail were released from the voting trust to KCS, and KCS took control of
Tex-Mex. We continue to own 49 of the stock of Mexrail.

- 13 -

Table of Contents 

Competition 

We face significant competition from trucks and other railroads and expect such competition to
continue to be significant. In general, most freight in Mexico is
transported by truck or rail. Freight terminating or originating in our service territory is primarily transported by truck.
Competition with other modes of transportation is generally based on rates charged, as well as the
quality and reliability of the service provided. We believe that other competitive factors for
freight transport are lead time for orders, protection of goods, transit time, adequacy of the
equipment and the provision of other value added services such as traceability of shipments and
availability of rates through the Internet.

Some segments of our freight traffic, notably intermodal freight, experience price competition
from trucks, although the operating efficiencies we are achieving may lessen the impact of price
competition. Although truck transport has generally been more expensive than rail transport, in
some circumstances, the trucking industry can provide effective rate and service competition,
because trucking requires smaller capital investments and maintenance expenditures and allows for
more frequent and flexible scheduling.

We believe that we may be able to capture freight traffic currently being carried by truck in
part as a result of the following factors:

Rail transport prices are generally lower than truck prices. This is due in part to the
fact that less labor is required to haul cargo by rail. 

With our customer service structure and substantial capital improvements, we believe that
we have created a customer oriented business which, together with our other competitive
advantages, is making our freight services more attractive than those presently offered by
trucking concerns. 

We also face competition from the other privatized railroads in Mexico, particularly from
Ferromex. Ferromex and Ferrosur, which are currently under the common
control of Grupo Mexico, together provide rail coverage nationwide
(except for Laredo and L zaro C rdenas), and together own
50 of the share capital of FTVM and the Mexico City terminal. We have experienced, and continue to experience, competition from Ferromex. Ferromex s rail lines link Mexico City with U.S. border crossings at Piedras
Negras, Ciudad Ju rez, Nogales and Mexicali and also serve the city of Guadalajara and the ports of
Tampico on the Gulf of Mexico and Manzanillo on the Pacific Ocean. The Union Pacific Railroad owns
a minority interest in Ferromex. Ferromex directly competes with us in some areas of our service
territory, including Tampico and Mexico City. We experience aggressive price competition with
Ferromex in freight rates. This rate competition
has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our financial results. In addition, we
encounter direct competition from Ferrosur on the Mexico City to Veracruz route.

Under our concession, we are required to grant trackage rights to Ferromex, Ferrosur, two
short line railroads and FTVM. These rights will give Ferromex more direct access to the Quer taro
and Mexico City markets. In turn, the other railroads are required to grant rights to KCSM which
will allow us to directly access the Guadalajara market, Mexico s third largest industrial and
commercial center, via Ferromex routes.

The Mexican railroad services law and regulations and the concession contain various other
provisions designed to introduce competition in the provision of railroad services. While the
Mexican railroad services law and regulations allow us to establish our operating policies and
freight service rates, we are subject to limited rate regulation in certain circumstances. With
respect to freight services over our rail lines, the SCT may grant
concessions to third parties or rights to other rail carriers additional to those set forth in the
concession beginning in June 2027.

- 14 -

Table of Contents 

Although we believe that services provided within our service territory by maritime
transportation are generally complementary to our operations, we do face limited competition from
the shipping industry with respect to certain products, including chemicals transported by barges.

In February 2001, a NAFTA tribunal ruled in an arbitration between the U.S. and Mexico that
the U.S. must allow Mexican trucks to cross the border and operate on U.S. highways. Under NAFTA,
Mexican trucks were to have unrestricted access to highways in the U.S. border states by 1995 and
full access to all U.S. highways by January 2000. However, the U.S. did not follow the timetable
because of concerns over Mexico s trucking safety standards. On March 14, 2002, as part of its
agreement under NAFTA, the U.S. Department of Transportation issued safety rules that allow Mexican
truckers to apply for operating authority to transport goods beyond the 20-mile commercial zones
along the U.S.-Mexico border. These safety rules require Mexican carriers seeking to operate in the
U.S. to pass, among other things, safety inspections, obtain valid insurance with a U.S. registered
insurance company, conduct alcohol and drug testing for drivers and obtain a U.S. Department of
Transportation identification number. Under the rules issued by the U.S. Department of
Transportation, it was expected that the border would have been opened to Mexican carriers in 2002.
However, in January 2003, in response to a lawsuit filed in May 2002 by a coalition of
environmental, consumer and labor groups, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San
Francisco issued a ruling which held that the rules issued by the U.S. Department of Transportation
violated federal environmental laws because it had failed to adequately review the impact on air
quality in the U.S. of rules allowing Mexican carriers to transport beyond the 20-mile commercial
zones along the U.S.-Mexico border. The Court of Appeals ruling required the U.S. Department of
Transportation to perform an Environmental Impact Statement of the Mexican truck plan and to
certify compliance with the U.S. Clean Air Act requirements. The U.S. Department of Transportation
subsequently requested the U.S. Supreme Court to review the Court of Appeals ruling and, on
December 15, 2003, the U.S. Supreme Court granted the U.S. Department of Transportation s request.
On June 7, 2004, the U.S. Supreme Court unanimously overturned the Court of Appeals ruling.
Although the U.S. Department of Transportation is no longer required to perform an Environmental
Impact Statement under the U.S. Supreme Court s ruling, the U.S. and Mexico must still complete
negotiations regarding safety inspections before the border is opened. We cannot predict when these
negotiations will be completed.

Government Regulation 

Railroad Regulation 

The Mexican railroad services law and regulations provide the overall general legal framework
for the regulation of railroad services in Mexico. Under the Mexican railroad services law and
regulations, a provider of railroad services, such as us, must operate under a concession granted
by the SCT. Such a concession may only be granted to a Mexican corporation
and may not be transferred or assigned without the approval of the SCT. The
law permits foreign investors to hold up to 49.0 of the capital stock of such a corporation,
unless a greater percentage of foreign investment is authorized by the Mexican Foreign Investment Commission. On October 5, 2004, KCS
was notified by the Mexican Foreign Investment Commission of its
approval of KCS s acquisition of our indirect controlling owner.
We are also subject to the Ley General de Bienes Nacionales (the General Law on National Assets),
which regulates all assets that fall within the public domain and by various other laws and
regulations.

The
SCT is principally responsible for regulating railroad services in
Mexico. The SCT has broad powers to monitor our compliance with the
concession and it can require us to supply it with any technical, administrative and financial
information it requests. We must comply with the investment commitments established in our business
plan, which forms an integral part of the concession, and must update the plan every five years.
The SCT treats our business plans confidentially. The SCT monitors our compliance with efficiency and safety standards as set forth in the
concession. The SCT reviews, and may amend, these standards every five
years.

The Mexican railroad services law and regulations provides the Mexican government certain
rights in its relations with us under the concession, including the right to take over the
management of KCSM and our railroad in certain extraordinary cases, such as imminent danger to
national security. In the past, the Mexican government has used such a

- 15 -

Table of Contents 

power with respect to other privatized industries, including the telecommunications industry,
to ensure continued service during labor disputes.

In addition, under the concession and the Mexican railroad services law and regulations, the
SCT, in consultation with the Mexican Antitrust Commission, under certain
circumstances may determine that there is a lack of competition in the railroad industry, in which
case the SCT would have the authority to set our rates for rail freight
services.

Environmental Regulation 

Our operations are subject to Mexican federal laws and regulations relating to the protection
of the environment. The primary environmental law in Mexico is the General Law of Ecological
Balance and Environmental Protection. The Mexican federal agency in charge of overseeing compliance
with, and enforcing the federal environmental laws, is the Secretar a del Medio Ambiente y Recursos
Naturales (Ministry of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources). The Procuradur a Federal de
Protecci n al Ambiente (Attorney General for Environmental Protection) has the power to bring
administrative proceedings and impose corrective actions and economic sanctions against companies
that violate environmental laws, and temporarily or permanently close non-complying facilities. The
Ministry of the Environment and Natural Resources and other authorized ministries have promulgated
standards for, among other things, water discharge, water supply, emissions, noise pollution,
hazardous substances, and transportation and handling of hazardous and solid waste. In addition, we
are subject to the environmental laws and regulations issued by the governments of each of
the states of Mexico where our facilities are located. The terms of the concession also impose on
us certain environmental law compliance obligations.

Noncompliance with applicable legal provisions may result in the imposition of fines,
temporary or permanent shutdown of operations or other injunctive relief, criminal prosecution or
the termination of our concession. We believe that all facilities that we operate are in
substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws, regulations and agency agreements. There
are currently no material legal or administrative proceedings pending against us with respect to
any environmental matters, and management does not believe that continued compliance with
environmental laws will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of
operations. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that the adoption of additional or more stringent
environmental laws and regulations would have on our results of operations, cash flows or financial
condition.

Improvements, Maintenance and Repair 

We have entered into locomotive maintenance agreements with Alstom Transporte, S.A. de C.V. Alstom ), GE Transportation Systems M xico, S.A.
de C.V. GE , GETS Locomotive Services, S.A. de
C.V., and MPI Noreste, S.A. de C.V. MPI (which was acquired by GE), under which these
contractors provide both routine maintenance and major overhauls. Routine maintenance includes
periodic inspections, oils and lubricants, filters, maintenance of wheel profiles, compression and
other engine checks and all repairs. Our locomotives are inspected in full compliance with those
regulations as required by the U.S. Federal Railroad Administration FRA ), which enables our
locomotives to operate in the U.S. pursuant to interchanges with major U.S. railroads. Major
overhauls are performed every 600,000 to 1,000,000 miles for rebuilt locomotives, and every 756,000
to 1,000,000 miles or 26,000 to 28,000 Megawatts-Hour for new locomotives. Our maintenance contracts require
that our locomotives be available for freight service 93.0 to 95 of the time.

We believe that the outsourcing of our locomotive maintenance provides us with significant
advantages by relieving us of locomotive maintenance requirements while allowing us to focus on
implementing our operating initiatives in order to provide efficient and reliable rail service. By
outsourcing we also avoid the need to incur the significant expenditures associated with locomotive
maintenance facilities. Our locomotive maintenance contract with MPI expires in 2014, our
maintenance contract with Alstom expires in 2009 and our contracts with GE expire in 2018.

Our maintenance-of-way personnel coordinate the maintenance of our track, hiring third parties
primarily to perform roadway repairs and track laying and surfacing. We may also purchase other
maintenance-of-way services

- 16 -

Table of Contents 

from time to time, including when we lack in-house expertise to perform services or when the
nature or location of the required maintenance work makes the hiring of third parties a
cost-effective alternative to utilizing our personnel to perform such maintenance.

Refurbishing of Our Route 

In May 2000, we entered into a track maintenance and rehabilitation agreement with Alstom
pursuant to which it is providing both routine and major rehabilitation of our Celaya-L zaro
C rdenas line, which comprises approximately 350 miles of track. In each of 2005 and 2004, our
maintenance and rehabilitation expenses under this contract amounted to 3.4 million. Under this
agreement, we are committed to paying a total of approximately 101.9 million for maintenance and
rehabilitation of this route over a period of 12 years. As of December 31, 2005, we have paid 76.7
million under this agreement.

Our capital improvements program is described in more detail under the caption Failure to
make capital expenditures could result in the revocation of our concession and adversely affect our
financial condition under Item 1A, Risk Factors, and in the discussion of Capital Expenditures
and Divestitures under Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and
Results of Operations, of this Annual Report.

Insurance 

Our business is subject to a number of risks, including: (i) mechanical failure, (ii)
collision, (iii) property loss, (iv) cargo loss or damage, and (v) business interruption due to
natural disasters, political circumstances, hostilities and labor strikes. In addition, the
operation of any railroad is subject to the inherent possibility of catastrophic disaster,
including chemical spills and other environmental mishaps.

Our present insurance coverage insures against the accident-related risks involved in the
conduct of our business, and is consistent with industry practice and the requirements of the
concession and the Mexican railroad services law and regulations. Our insurance policy also
provides for per-incident maximum amounts which vary depending upon the nature of the risk
insured against. Our policy is renewable on an annual basis and expires in June, 2006. The Mexican
railroad services law and regulations provide that, if we receive insurance proceeds in respect of
any damage to our rail lines, those proceeds shall be applied to the repair or remediation of such
damage or, in the event that we elect not to undertake such repairs, these proceeds must be paid to
the Mexican government.

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Risk Factors Relating to Our Debt 

Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial position and our ability to meet
our obligations under our debt instruments. 

We have a substantial amount of debt and significant debt service obligations. As of December
31, 2005, we had total outstanding indebtedness of 908.2 million, consisting of (i) 102.1 million
under a new credit facility dated October 24, 2005, or the New Credit Agreement, (ii) 788.4
million of senior unsecured indebtedness, (iii) 1.3 million of secured indebtedness, and (iv)
 16.4 million fair value adjustment resulting from the push down
accounting. Our stockholders equity was 1,155.7
million as of December 31, 2005, resulting in a debt to total
capitalization ratio of 44.0 . On October 28, 2005,
we refinanced our existing term loan indebtedness outstanding under a credit agreement dated June 24,
2004, or the 2004 Credit Agreement, by replacing the 2004 Credit Agreement with the New Credit
Agreement. This transaction is

- 17 -

Table of Contents 

described in more detail in the discussion of Recent Developments under Item 7 of this
Annual Report, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of
Operations. 

Our substantial indebtedness could interfere with our ability to pay interest and principal on
our debt, and may have important consequences for our operations and
capital expenditure requirements, including the following:

we will have to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the
payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest on our debt, which will reduce funds
available for other purposes; 

we may not be able to fund capital expenditures, working capital and other corporate requirements; 

we may not be able to obtain additional financing, or to obtain it at acceptable rates; 

our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and to withstand competitive
pressures could be limited, and we may be vulnerable to additional risk if there is a
downturn in general economic conditions or in our business; 

we may be exposed to risks in exchange rate fluctuations because any fluctuation of the
Mexican peso relative to the dollar could impact our ability to service debt; and 

we may be at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less
leverage and greater operating and financing flexibility than we do. 

Failure to comply with restrictive covenants in our existing contractual arrangements could
accelerate our repayment obligations under our debt. 

The indentures relating to our outstanding debt securities and our New Credit Agreement
contain a number of restrictive covenants, and any additional financing arrangements we enter into
may contain additional restrictive covenants. Our New Credit Agreement contains covenants that are
more restrictive than those contained in the indentures relating to our securities, including, but
not limited to, certain financial covenants which require us to maintain specified financial
ratios. These covenants restrict or prohibit many actions, including, but not limited to, our
ability to incur debt, create or suffer to exist liens, make prepayments of particular debt, pay
dividends, make investments, engage in transactions with stockholders and affiliates, issue capital
stock, sell certain assets, and engage in mergers and consolidations or in sale-leaseback
transactions.

As a result of the covenants and restrictions contained in the indentures and in our New
Credit Agreement, we are limited in how we conduct our business and we may be unable to compete
effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. Any breach of these covenants could
result in a default under the indentures and our New Credit Agreement.

We cannot assure you that we will be able to remain in compliance with these covenants in the
future and, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from the appropriate
parties and/or amend the covenants. At the same time, there are exceptions to many of these restrictive
covenants, and we cannot give assurances that the limitations referred to above will apply in all
circumstances.

Risk Factors Relating to Our Business 

We may not be successful at reducing our operating costs and increasing our operating
efficiencies. 

We must continue to reduce our operating costs and increase our operating efficiencies to
achieve further cost savings in future periods. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
achieve all of the cost savings that we expect to realize from current initiatives. In particular,
we may be unable to implement one or more of our initiatives successfully or we may experience
unexpected cost increases that offset the savings that we achieve. Our failure to realize cost
savings may adversely affect our results of operations.

- 18 -

Table of Contents 

The Mexican government may revoke or limit our concession under a number of circumstances. 

We operate under a 50-year concession granted by the Mexican government. The Mexican government may terminate the concession
if, among other things, there is an unjustified interruption of the operation of our rail lines, we
charge tariffs higher than the tariffs we have registered, we restrict the ability of other Mexican
rail operators to use our rail lines, we fail to make payments for damages caused during the
performance of services, we fail to comply with any term or condition of the Ley Reglamentaria del
Servicio Ferroviaria (Law Regulating Railroad Services, or Mexican railroad services laws and
regulations), we fail to make the capital investments required under
our five-year plan filed with the Mexican Secretaria de
Comunicaciones y Transportes (Ministry of Communications and Transportation), or the SCT, or we fail to maintain an obligations compliance bond and the insurance coverage
specified in the Mexican railroad services laws and regulations. In addition, the concession
revokes automatically in the event we change our nationality or we assign, or create any lien on,
the concession without the SCT s approval.

On April 6, 2006 and April 7, 2006, the
SCT initiated sanction proceedings against us, claiming that
we have failed in the years 2004 and 2005 to make the minimum capital investment projected under our
five-year business plan filed with the SCT. We must answer the
SCT s letter of April 6 before May 2, and the
letter of April 7 by May 4, 2006. In each case,
we anticipate providing the SCT with arguments explaining our capital investment program
and arguing that sanctions are not appropriate. If these proceedings are determined adversely to us and
sanctions imposed, we would be subject to fines or possible revocation of
the concession if the SCT imposes sanctions on three additional
occasions over the remaining term of the concession.

Under the concession, we have the right to operate our rail lines, but we do not own the land,
roadway or associated structures. If the Mexican government legally terminates the concession, it
would own, control and manage such public domain assets used in the operation of our rail lines.
The Mexican government may also temporarily seize control of our rail lines and our assets in the
event of a natural disaster, war, significant public disturbances, or imminent danger to the
domestic peace or economy. In such a case, the SCT may restrict our ability
to exploit the concession fully for such time and in such manner as
the SCT deems necessary under the circumstances, but only for the duration of any of the foregoing events.

Mexican law requires that the Mexican government pay us compensation if it effects a statutory
appropriation for reasons of the public interest. With respect to a temporary seizure due to any
cause other than international war, the Mexican railroad services law and regulations provide that
the Mexican government will indemnify an affected concessionaire for an amount equal to damages
caused and losses suffered. However, these payments may not be sufficient to compensate us for our
losses and may not be timely made.

Failure to make capital expenditures could result in the revocation of our concession and
adversely affect our financial condition. 

Our business is capital intensive and requires substantial ongoing expenditures for, among
other things, improvements to roadway, structures, technology, acquisitions, leases and repair of
equipment and maintenance of our rail system. Our failure to make necessary capital expenditures
could impair our ability to service our existing customers or accommodate increases in traffic
volumes. In addition, our railroad concession from the Mexican government requires us to make
ongoing investments and undertake capital projects in accordance with successive five-year business
plans approved by the Mexican government.

We have funded, and expect to continue to fund, capital expenditures with funds from operating
cash flows, leases and, to a lesser extent, vendor financing. We may not be able to generate
sufficient cash flows from our operations or obtain sufficient funds from external sources to fund
our capital expenditure requirements. If financing is available, it may not be obtainable on terms
acceptable to us and within the limitations contained in the indentures and other agreements
relating to our debt. If we are unable to complete our planned capital improvement projects, our
ability to service our existing customers or accommodate increases in our traffic volumes may be
limited or impaired and our business plan commitments with the Mexican government may be at risk,
requiring us to seek waivers to the business plan. We may defer capital expenditures with respect
to such business plan with the permission of the SCT. However, the
SCT might not grant this permission, and our failure to comply with our
commitments in our business plan could result in the Mexican government revoking the concession. We
cannot assure you that the Mexican government would grant us such waivers. If such waivers are not
obtained and our concession is revoked, this would adversely affect our financial condition.

Significant competition from other railroads could adversely affect our financial condition. 

We face significant competition in some industry segments from other railroads, in particular
 Ferrocarril Mexicano, S.A. de C.V. , or Ferromex, the operator
of the largest railway system in Mexico, which are in close proximity to our rail lines. In particular, we have experienced and continue to
experience competition from Ferromex with respect to the transport of a variety of products. The rail lines operated by Ferromex run from Guadalajara and Mexico City to four

- 19 -

Table of Contents 

U.S. border crossings west of the Nuevo Laredo-Laredo crossing, providing an alternative to
our routes for the transport of freight from those cities to the U.S. border. In addition, Ferromex
directly competes with us in some areas of our service territory, including Tampico, Saltillo,
Monterrey and Mexico City. Ferrosur S.A. de C.V. , or Ferrosur, which operates the
Southeast Rail Lines, competes directly with us for traffic to and from southeastern Mexico.
Ferrosur, like us, also serves Mexico City, Puebla and Veracruz.

In November 2005, Grupo Mexico, the controlling shareholder of
Ferromex, acquired all of the shares of Ferrosur. Grupo Mexico s
control of Ferromex and Ferrosur remains subject to approval of the
Mexican Competition Commission. The common control of Ferromex and
Ferrosur would give Grupo Mexico control over a nationwide railway
system and ownership of 50 of the shares of the Mexico Valley
Terminal and Railway Company.

Ferromex and Ferrosur may have greater financial resources than we have, which among other
things, may give them greater ability to reduce freight prices. Price reductions by competitors
would make our freight services less competitive, and we cannot give
assurances that we would be able to
match these rate reductions. In recent years, we have experienced aggressive price competition from
Ferromex in freight rates for agricultural products, which has adversely affected our results of
operations. Our ability to respond to competitive measures by decreasing our prices without
adversely affecting our gross margins and operating results will depend on, among other things, our
ability to reduce our operating costs. Our failure to respond to competitive pressures, and
particularly price competition, in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition.

In recent years, there has also been significant consolidation among major North American rail
carriers. The resulting merged railroads may attempt to use their size and pricing power to affect
our access to efficient gateways and routing options that are currently and have been historically
available. We cannot guarantee that further consolidation will not have an adverse effect on our
financial condition.

Significant competition from trucks could adversely affect our financial condition. 

We also face significant competition from trucks. In the past, the trucking industry has
significantly eroded the railroad s market share of Mexico s total overland freight transportation
by providing effective rate and service competition. Trucking requires substantially smaller
capital investments and maintenance expenditures than railroads and allows for more frequent and
flexible scheduling. In addition, Mexican truckers are able to deliver to points in the U.S. under
relaxed NAFTA rules. We cannot give assurances that we will not lose business in the future due to our
inability to respond to competitive pressures by decreasing our prices without adversely affecting
our gross margins and operational results.

A material part of our projected revenue growth during the next few years is expected to
result from increased truck-to-rail traffic conversion. There can be no assurance that we will have
the ability to continue to convert traffic from truck to rail transport or that we will retain the
customers that we have already converted. If the railroad industry, in general, and we, in
particular, are unable to preserve competitive advantages vis- -vis the trucking industry, our
business plan may not be achieved and our financial condition could be adversely affected.

A significant percentage of our transportation revenues has historically been derived from the
automotive industry, which has had difficulties in recent years. 

Our transportation revenues derived from the transport of automotive products declined to
 115.7 million in 2005 from 119.8 million in 2004. General Motors, DaimlerChrysler and Ford Motor
Co. were among our most significant customers, together representing approximately 14.4 of our
total revenues in 2005. Our automotive revenues in 2005 decreased due to the continued recession in
the North American automotive industry and the lack of demand for those automobile models manufactured in
Mexico.

The
rates for trackage rights set by the SCT may not adequately compensate
us. 

Pursuant to our concession, we are required to grant rights to use portions of our tracks to
Ferromex, Ferrosur and FTVM. The concession stipulates that Ferromex, Ferrosur and FTVM are
required to grant to us rights to use portions of their tracks.

Our concession classifies trackage rights as short trackage rights and long-distance trackage
rights. Although all of these trackage rights have been granted under our concession, no railroad
has actually operated under the long-distance trackage rights because the means of setting rates
for usage and other related terms of usage have not been agreed upon.

- 20 -

Table of Contents 

Under the Mexican railroad services law and regulations, the rates that we may charge for
rights to use our tracks must be agreed upon in writing between us and the party to which those
rights are granted. However, if we cannot reach an agreement on rates with rail carriers entitled
to trackage rights on our rail lines, the Mexican government is
entitled to set the rates in accordance with Mexican law and
regulations, which
rates may not adequately compensate us.

We have not been able to reach an agreement with Ferromex regarding rates each of us is
required to pay the other for trackage rights, interline services and haulage rights. We and
Ferromex are involved in civil, judicial and administrative proceedings in connection with the
amounts payable to each other for interline services, haulage and trackage rights. Some of those
procedures continue under litigation and therefore are pending final resolution. Any resolution of
such procedures adverse to us could have a negative impact on our
business and operations. See Item 3,
 Legal Proceedings Other Litigation Disputes
with Ferromex . In addition, under the Mexican railroad
services laws and regulations, acts or omissions that impede the activities of other
concessionaires, including the use of trackage rights, may result in the revocation of our
concession.

Downturns in the U.S. economy, Mexican economy, U.S.-Mexico trade, certain cyclical industries in
which our customers operate, the global economy or fluctuations in the peso-dollar exchange rate
could have adverse effects on our financial condition. 

Downturns in the U.S. or Mexican economy or in trade between the U.S. and Mexico will likely
have adverse effects on our business and results of operations. Mexican exports to the U.S. of
manufactured goods, beer, metals and minerals, automobiles, chemical and petrochemical products and
other products, many of which we transport, are an important element of U.S.-Mexico trade. In
addition, a significant portion of our business consists of imports into Mexico from the U.S. The
level of our business activity depends heavily on the U.S. and Mexican economies and markets, the
relative competitiveness of Mexican and U.S. products at any given time and on existing and new
tariffs or other barriers to trade. For example, the recent downturn in the U.S. economy has had an
adverse effect on our revenues in all product categories,
particularly in the automotive segment. Future economic downturns may have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and our ability to meet our debt service obligations.

Some of our customers operate in industries that experience cyclicality, including the
agricultural, automotive, manufacturing and construction sectors. Any downturn in these sectors due
to the effects of cyclicality or otherwise could have a material adverse effect on our operating
results. Also, some of the products we transport have had a historical pattern of price cyclicality
which has typically been influenced by the general economic environment and by supply and demand
factors in the relevant markets. For example, global steel and petrochemical prices have decreased
in the past. We cannot give assurances you that prices and demand for these products will not decline in the
future, adversely affecting those industries and, in turn, our financial condition.

Our business may also be adversely affected by downturns in the global economy or in
particular regions of the global economy. In addition, fluctuations in the peso-dollar exchange
rate could lead to shifts in the types and volumes of Mexican imports and exports as manufacturers
and raw material suppliers seek to minimize the effect of exchange rate movements by seeking other
markets for their business.

Although a decrease in the level of exports of some of the commodities that we transport to
the U.S. may be offset by a subsequent increase in imports of other commodities we haul into Mexico
and vice versa, any offsetting increase might not occur on a timely basis, if at all. The level of
U.S.-Mexico trade and the development of U.S.-Mexican trade negotiations or agreements in the
future are beyond our control, and may result in a reduction of freight volumes or in an
unfavorable shift in the mix of products and commodities we transport.

The Mexican government may restrict our ability to operate our concession on a profitable basis by
setting tariffs for rail freight services. 

Under the concession and Mexican law, we may freely set our tariffs for rail freight services,
but we must register our tariffs with the SCT before they become effective.
Under the Mexican railroad services law and regulations, the SCT reserves
the right to set tariffs if, in consultation with the Comisi n Federal de Competencia (the Mexican
Antitrust Commission), it determines that effective competition does not exist. The Mexican
Antitrust Commission, however, has not published guidelines regarding the factors that constitute a
lack

- 21 -

Table of Contents 

of competition. It is therefore unclear under what particular circumstances the Mexican
Antitrust Commission would deem a lack of competition to exist. If
the SCT intervenes and sets tariffs, the rates it sets may be too low to allow us to operate profitably.

Traffic congestion or similar problems experienced in the U.S. or Mexican railroad system may
adversely affect our operations. 

Traffic congestion experienced in the U.S. railroad system may result in overall traffic
congestion which would impact the ability to move traffic to and from Mexico and adversely affect
our operations. This system congestion may also result in certain equipment shortages. Any similar
congestion experienced by railroads in Mexico could have an adverse effect on our business and
results of operations. In addition, the growth of cross-border traffic in recent years has
contributed to congestion on the international bridge at the Nuevo Laredo-Laredo border gateway,
which is expected to continue in the near future. This may adversely affect our business and
results of operations.

Our business strategy, operations and growth rely significantly on third parties. 

Our operations are dependent on interchange agreements that we have negotiated with major U.S.
railroads in the north, Ferromex in the west of Mexico and Ferrosur in the south of Mexico. We also
have a terminal operations agreement with FTVM. In addition, we and each of the concessionaires of
Ferromex and Ferrosur have a 25.0 interest in FTVM, and Ferromex and
Ferrosur are currently under the common control of Grupo Mexico. These agreements enable us to exchange traffic
and utilize trackage which is not part of our rail system, extending our network and providing us
with strategically important rail links to the U.S. and to areas of Mexico that we do not directly
serve. Our ability to provide comprehensive service to our customers depends in part on our ability
to maintain these agreements with other railroads and third parties and our ability to take legal
action in the Mexican Federal Courts to enforce such agreements on the grounds that the railroads
are a public service governed by public interest laws. Our failure to maintain these agreements,
the termination of these agreements, or failure to obtain the corresponding legal relief in due
course, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The
other parties to these agreements may not faithfully fulfill their obligations under their
agreements or arrangements with us, and many of these other parties are or may become our
competitors. Further, the failure of any of these parties to fulfill its obligations to us could
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may not be able
to coordinate our interchange and switching activities with these other concessionaires and
railroads in an efficient manner. Inefficient coordination of our interchange and switching
activities would negatively impact our operating results.

If our primary fuel supply contract is terminated, or if fuel prices substantially increase, our
financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

The locomotives we operate are diesel-powered, and our fuel expenses are a significant portion
of our operating expenses. We meet, and expect to continue to meet, our fuel requirements almost
exclusively through purchases at market prices from PEMEX. The contract with PEMEX may be
terminated at any time by either party upon thirty days written notice to the other. If the
contract is terminated and we are unable to acquire diesel fuel from alternative sources on
acceptable terms, our financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition,
since our fuel expense represents a significant portion of our operating expenses, significant
increases in the price of diesel fuel could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition. In 2005, our average price of fuel per gallon increased by 43.9 from 2004, which in
turn had increased 30.1 from 2003.

We face possible catastrophic loss and liability, and our insurance may not be sufficient to cover
our damages or damages to others. 

The operation of any railroad carries with it an inherent risk of catastrophe, mechanical
failure, collision and property loss. In the course of our operations, spills or other
environmental mishaps, cargo loss or damage, business interruption due to political developments,
as well as labor disputes, strikes and adverse weather conditions, could result in a loss of
revenues or increased liabilities and costs. Collisions, environmental mishaps or other accidents
can cause serious bodily injury, death and extensive property damage, particularly when such
accidents occur in heavily populated areas. Additionally, our operations may be affected from time
to time by natural disasters such as earthquakes, volcanoes, hurricanes or other storms. The
occurrence of a major natural disaster, especially in the Mexico City area,

- 22 -

Table of Contents 

which is the site of FTVM and significant portions of our customer base, could have a material
adverse effect on our operations and our financial condition. We have acquired insurance that is
consistent with industry practice and consistent with the requirements of our concession against
the accident-related risks involved in the conduct of our business and business interruption due to
natural disaster. However, this insurance is subject to a number of limitations on coverage,
depending on the nature of the risk insured against. This insurance may not be sufficient to cover
our damages or damages to others, and this insurance may not continue to be available at
commercially reasonable rates. Even with insurance, if any catastrophic interruption of service
occurs, we may not be able to restore service without a significant interruption to operations and
an adverse effect on our financial condition.

We face potential environmental liabilities. 

Our operations are subject to general Mexican federal and state laws and regulations relating
to the protection of the environment. The Procuradur a Federal de Protecci n al Ambiente (Mexican
Attorney General for Environmental Protection) is empowered to bring administrative proceedings and
impose corrective actions and economic sanctions against companies that violate environmental laws,
and temporarily or permanently close non-complying facilities. The Secretar a del Medio Ambiente y
Recursos Naturales (Mexican Ministry of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources) and other
ministries have promulgated compliance standards for, among other things, water discharge, water
supply, air emissions, noise pollution, hazardous substances transportation and handling, and
hazardous and solid waste generation.

We are responsible for the costs of environmental compliance, associated with our ongoing
operations. Pursuant to our concession, FNM
is responsible for any environmental damage caused before the commencement of our operations, and
both the Mexican government and FNM are required to indemnify us for any environmental liability
relating to soil, subsoil or groundwater contamination arising from acts or omissions attributable
to FNM that occurred before KCSM initiated operations in accordance with the concession title.
However, the Mexican government is not obligated to compensate us for any expenses that we incur in
complying with any amended environmental laws or regulations relating to our ongoing operations or
activities that impose higher regulatory standards than those in effect on the date the concession
was granted. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that the adoption of additional or more
stringent environmental laws and regulations would have on our financial condition. Failure to
comply with environmental obligations may result in the termination of our concession.

Terrorist activities and geopolitical events and their consequences could adversely affect our
financial condition. 

Terrorist attacks may negatively affect our operations. The continued threat of terrorism
within Mexico, the U.S. and elsewhere and the potential for military action and heightened security
measures in response to such threat may cause significant disruption to commerce throughout the
world, including restrictions on cross-border transport and trade. In addition, related political
events may cause a lengthy period of uncertainty that may adversely affect our business. Political
and economic instability in other regions of the world, including the U.S. and Canada, could
negatively impact our operations. The consequences of terrorism and the responses are unpredictable
and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.

Renegotiation of terms of the labor agreement and any potential labor disruptions could adversely
affect our financial condition. 

Approximately 71.0 of our employees are covered by a labor agreement, which was recently
renewed and is effective for a two-year term ending in July 2007. The compensation terms of the
labor agreement are subject to renegotiation on an annual basis and all other terms are
renegotiated every two years. We may not be able to favorably negotiate the provisions of our labor
agreement in the future and strikes, boycotts or other disruptions could occur.

- 23 -

Table of Contents 

These renegotiated terms and any potential disruptions could have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations.

Risk Factors Relating to Mexico 

Governmental policies and economic developments in Mexico and elsewhere may adversely affect our
financial condition. 

All of our operations and assets are located in Mexico. As a result, our business is affected
by the general condition of the economy, inflation, interest rates, political and other
developments and events in Mexico. Mexico has experienced a period of slow economic growth in
recent years, primarily as a result of the downturn in the U.S. economy. In 2001, Mexico s gross
domestic product, or GDP, decreased 0.2 while it increased in 2002, 2003 and 2004 by 0.8 , 1.4 
and 4.4 , respectively. Mexico s economy grew 3.3 in 2005 compared to 2004. We believe that
economic slowdowns could negatively affect our financial condition.

Currency fluctuations may adversely affect our financial condition. 

Approximately 99 of our total consolidated indebtedness as of December 31, 2005, was U.S.
dollar-denominated, whereas approximately 46 of our consolidated revenues were peso-denominated.
Accordingly, we are affected by fluctuations in the value of the Mexican peso against the U.S. dollar and
any depreciation or devaluation of the Mexican peso against the U.S. dollar results in net foreign exchange
losses. In 2005, the Mexican peso appreciated against the U.S. dollar by approximately 4.5 . In 2004, the
Mexican peso appreciated against the U.S. dollar by approximately 0.8 . In 2003, the Mexican peso depreciated by
approximately 7.4 against the U.S. dollar, compared to depreciation of approximately 13.9 in
2002.

Severe devaluation or depreciation of the Mexican peso may result in disruption of the international
foreign exchange markets and may limit our ability to transfer or to convert Mexican pesos into U.S.
dollars for the purpose of making timely payments of interest and principal on our
non-peso-denominated indebtedness. Although the Mexican government
currently does not restrict, and for many years has not restricted, the right or ability of Mexican
or foreign persons or entities to convert Mexican pesos into U.S. dollars or transfer foreign currencies
out of Mexico, the Mexican government could, as in the past, institute restrictive exchange rate
policies that could limit our ability to transfer or convert Mexican pesos into U.S. dollars or other
currencies for the purpose of making timely payments of our U.S. dollar-denominated debt and
contractual commitments. Devaluation or depreciation of the Mexican peso against the U.S. dollar may also
adversely affect U.S. dollar prices for our securities. Currency fluctuations are likely to
continue to have an effect on our financial condition in future periods.

Inflation and interest rates may adversely affect our financial condition. 

Mexico s annual rate of inflation was 4.4 , 5.7 , 4.0 , 5.2 and 3.3 for 2001, 2002, 2003,
2004 and 2005, respectively. Mexico has experienced much higher rates
of inflation in certain prior year
periods before 2001. High inflation rates can adversely affect our business and results of operations in the
following ways:

inflation can adversely affect consumer purchasing power, thereby adversely affecting
demand for the products we transport; 

to the extent inflation exceeds our price increases, our prices and revenues will be
adversely affected in real terms; and 

if the rate of Mexican inflation exceeds the rate of the depreciation of the Mexican peso against
the dollar, our dollar-denominated sales will decrease in relative terms when stated in
constant Mexican pesos. 

Interest rates on 28-day Certificados de la Tesorer a de la Federaci n (Mexican treasury
bills), or Cetes , averaged 11.3 , 7.1 , 6.2 , 6.8 and 9.2 for 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 and 2005,
respectively. High interest rates in Mexico may significantly increase our financing costs and
thereby impair our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

- 24 -

Table of Contents 

We performed an analysis under the guidance of FAS 52, Foreign Currency Translation, to
determine whether the U.S. dollar or the Mexican peso should be used
by us as our functional
currency. Based on the results of this analysis, we concluded that the U.S. dollar is the
appropriate functional currency for U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting purposes. We update the results of
this analysis on an ongoing basis. If we were required to change our functional currency to Mexican pesos,
our results of operations for U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting purposes may be substantially different.
There can be no assurance that Mexico will not be classified as highly inflationary in the future,
or that we will not be required to change our functional currency to Mexican pesos.

Political developments may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

Presidential and federal congressional elections in Mexico will be held in July 2006. The
electoral process could lead to further friction among political parties and the executive branch
officers, which could potentially cause political and economic instability. Additionally, once the
President and representatives are elected, there could be significant changes in laws, public
policies and government programs, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operation.

National politicians are currently focused on the 2006 elections and crucial reforms regarding
fiscal and labor policies, gas, electricity, social security and oil have not been and may not be
approved. The effects on the social and political situation in Mexico could adversely affect the
Mexican economy, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None.

Item 2. Properties 

Our headquarters, which we lease, are located at Montes Urales 625 Piso, Col. Lomas de
Chapultepec, 11000 M xico, D.F., M xico. We also have offices located at Av. Manuel L. Barrag n
4850 Norte, Colonia Hidalgo, C.P. 64420, Monterrey, Nuevo Le n, M xico. We also own several freight
yards located along our rail lines. Under the concession, we have the right to operate our rail
lines, but we do not own the land, roadway or associated structures.

Track 

As of December 31, 2005, our rail lines consisted of the following track:

Under 

Track Usage 

Concession 

Rights 

Total 

(In miles) 

Main track (includes 134 miles of line with double track)

2,639 

541 

3,180 

Sidings under centralized traffic control

117 

117 

Spurs, yard tracks and other sidings

510 

510 

Total

3,266 

541 

3,807 

All of our track is standard gauge (56.5 inches) and is generally in good condition. Of our
2,639 miles of main track, 100.0 has 100 to 136-lbs./yard rail and approximately 78.0 is continuously
welded rail. Continuously welded rail reduces track maintenance costs and, in general, permits
trains to travel at higher speeds. The maximum allowable speed of trains along our core routes
varies between approximately 30 mph and 50 mph. Since we commenced operations, we have extended
sidings on our tracks up to 10,000 feet, enabling longer trains to pass or meet each other.

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our track as of December
31, 2005:

- 25 -

Table of Contents 

Main Line 

Mexico City to 

Nuevo Laredo 

All Lines 

(In miles) 

Continuously welded rail

934 

2,050 

Jointed rail

0 

589 

Total

934 

2,639 

Concrete ties installed

828 

1,559 

Wood ties installed

106 

1,080 

Total

934 

2,639 

The portion of the Mexico City Nuevo Laredo core route between Mexico City and Quer taro
(approximately 143 miles) has double track, which accommodates greater traffic volume and maximum
allowable speeds of approximately 50 mph. Our rail lines support a weight of 130 tons per railcar.

We run freight trains at average speeds of approximately 25 to 50 mph along our core routes
between Mexico City and the U.S. border. Approximately 85.0 of our main line track handles speeds
of up to 37 mph.

Installations along our rail lines include supply centers, locomotive inspection centers, car
inspection areas, repair shops, warehouses, freight yards and intermodal terminals.

Bridges, Tunnels and Culverts 

Our core routes and feeder lines include 1,226 bridges having a total length of 15.7 miles of
which 1,111 are permanent and 115 are temporary; 301 are steel structures, 810 are concrete
structures and 115 have inverted floor systems made of timber or mixed components.

There are 98 tunnels on our rail lines, having a total length of 16.7 miles, which are on our
main lines and allow for the passage of double-stack trains. In addition, there are 7,273 culverts
along the railway.

Equipment 

We own an estimated 23.0 of the railcars running over our rail lines and the remaining 77.0 
are privately-owned, belonging to Mexican and foreign, mainly U.S., companies or railroads.
Our fleet consists of 398 locomotives, of which 392 are diesel. Electro Motive Diesel built 168 and GE built 224 of these diesel
locomotives. We are party to long-term lease for 75 AC-traction locomotives. Through our long-term
leasing program, we are improving locomotive efficiency and utilization by adding to our fleet
state-of-the-art locomotives that provide 40 to 47.0 more horsepower per unit, compared to our
3,000 horsepower road engines, and 38.5 more horsepower compared to our previous total horsepower
base, allowing us to haul longer trains with fewer locomotives. We have continued a decrease in
fuel consumption due primarily to the fuel efficiency of these new locomotives and the fact that
fewer locomotives are needed to haul the same freight.

Our
long-term locomotive lease is for a term of 20 years. The average age of the locomotives in
our fleet is approximately 19 years, which we believe is one of the youngest locomotive fleets
operated by a Class I railroad. The average remaining useful life of the locomotives in our fleet
is about 9 years.

Of the 398 locomotives in our fleet, approximately 263 are assigned to the hauling of freight,
58 are used for yard work, 27 are used for industry switching and maintenance of way trains, 32 are
running under a horsepower-per-hour interchange agreement, 6 are electric (and out of service), 8
are leased to some industries and 4 of our yard and road engines are currently in storage.

The
following table describes our locomotive fleet and maintenance contractors as of December 31, 2005.

- 26 -

Table of Contents 

Number 

Number of 

Make 
 
 Type 
 
 of Units 

Axles 

Horsepower 

Year Built 

Maintained By 

Owned 

EMD

SW1504 

15 

4 

1,500 

1973 

MPI/GETS 

EMD

MP15AC 

11 

4 

1,500 

1983 

MPI/GETS 

EMD

GP38-2 

50 

4 

2,000 

1975-83 

MPI/GETS 

EMD

SD45 

1 

6 

3,600 

1978 

MPI/GETS 

EMD

SD40 

52 

6 

3,000 

1968-72 

MPI/GETS 

EMD

SD40-2 

39 

6 

3,000 

1973-88 

MPI/GETS 

GE

B23-7 

7 

4 

2,250 

1981 

Alstom 

GE

C30-7 

38 

6 

3,000 

1982-89 

Alstom 

GE

SUPER 7 

104 

6 

3,000 

1990-94 

Alstom 

GE

E-60(Elect.) 

6 

6 

6,000 

1984 

Alstom 

Total owned

323 

Long-Term Lease(1) 

GE

AC4400CW 

75 

6 

4,400 

1998-2000 

GETS 

Total

398 

(1) 
 
 Consists of AC-traction locomotives. 

Railcars owned and leased by us as of December 31, 2005 consisted of the following:

Owned 

Leased 

Box cars

1,187 

1,278 

Gondolas

1,824 

2,922 

Covered hoppers

570 

2,518 

Flat cars

557 

261 

Bi-level carriers

1,556 

Spine cars

Tank cars

71 

611 

Cabooses

51 

Open top hoppers.

10 

Office cars

4 

Total

4,274 

9,146 

To supplement our fleet of owned railcars, we have implemented an operating lease program that
allows us to effectively manage our railcar capacity to meet the varying demands of our traffic
volumes. Our leased railcars consist of covered hoppers used to transport grain, new and rebuilt
gondolas, box cars, open top hoppers, flat cars and tri-level and bi-level carriers. We also lease
automobiles, large and small trucks and other equipment for a variety of functions.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Disputes with the Mexican Government 

Settlement Relating to Value Added Tax Lawsuit, Commercial Lawsuit on Put Right 

On September 12, 2005, we, Grupo TFM, and KCS, along with Grupo
TMM, entered into a settlement agreement with the Mexican government resolving and terminating the
controversies and disputes between the companies and the Mexican government concerning the payment
of a refund of the value added taxes VAT paid when
the concession title and

- 27 -

Table of Contents 

certain other assets were transferred to the Company and Grupo
TFM s obligation to purchase of the remaining shares of
us owned by the Mexican government (the Put Litigation ). As a result of this settlement, KCS
and its subsidiaries now own 100 of Grupo TFM and us,
and the Mexican government s remaining 20 ownership interest in us has been eliminated; the
potential obligation of KCS, Grupo TFM and Grupo TMM to acquire the Mexican government s remaining
20 interest in us has been eliminated; and the legal obligation of the Mexican government to issue
the VAT refund to us has been satisfied. Part of the value of the VAT refund was used to purchase
our shares owned by the Mexican government and to cover taxes related to the settlement. There
was no cash payment made by any party under the settlement agreement. In addition, the parties have
entered into mutual releases of all existing and potential claims relating to the VAT refund and
the Put litigation, and have dismissed all of the existing litigation between the parties.

Our published financial statements include legal disclosures with respect to the VAT refund
claim, the Put Litigation and the 1997 Tax Audit. As a result of the September 12, 2005
settlement agreement, all pending litigation related to the VAT
refund claim and the Put Litigation was dismissed. The 1997 Tax
Audit was rendered null, void and of no legal effect when the Mexican government failed to assess
any taxes or penalties as a result of the audit within the time allowed by Mexican law.

As a result of the final resolution of our VAT claim, KCS made a contingency
payment of up to 110.0 million to Grupo TMM in accordance with the terms of the December 15, 2004
Amended and Restated Acquisition Agreement in a combination of stock,
notes and cash. The note in the amount of 40 million has been
deposited into an escrow and remains subject to certain contingencies
that may not expire until April 1, 2010.

The following discussions provide additional background information related to the VAT claim,
the Put Litigation and the 1997 Tax Audit.

Value Added Tax Lawsuit 

The VAT lawsuit, or the VAT claim, arose out of the Mexican Federal Treasury s delivery of a
VAT credit certificate to a Mexican governmental agency rather than to us in 1997. The face value
of the VAT credit at issue is 2,111 million Mexican pesos, or approximately 196.0 million in US dollars,
based on current exchange rates. The amount of the VAT refund would, in accordance with Mexican
law, reflect the face value of the VAT credit adjusted for inflation and interest from 1997.

On January 19, 2004, we received a Special Certificate from the Mexican Federal Treasury (the
 Special Certificate in the amount of 2,111 million Mexican pesos. The Special Certificate delivered to
us on January 19, 2004 had the same face amount as the original VAT refund claimed by us in 1997.
We also filed a complaint against the Mexican government, seeking to have the amount of the Special
Certificate adjusted to reflect interest and inflation in accordance with Mexican law. The Mexican
Fiscal Court initially denied our claim. In a decision dated November 24, 2004, the Mexican Federal
Appellate Court upheld our claim that we are entitled to inflation and interest from 1997 on the
VAT refund. The Federal Appellate Court remanded the case to the Mexican Fiscal Court with
instructions to enter a new order consistent with this decision. On January 26, 2005, the Mexican
Fiscal Court issued from the bench an oral order implementing the Appellate Court decision. On
February 18, 2005, we were served with the confirming written order from the Mexican Fiscal Court.

On June 21, 2005, the Mexican Government filed an additional appeal seeking the Mexican
Federal Appellate Court s review of the written order issued by the Mexican Fiscal Court on
February 18, 2005 in order to determine whether the Mexican Fiscal Court had properly carried out
the November 24, 2004 decision of the Mexican Federal Appellate court. In a decision dated August
24, 2005, the Mexican Federal Appellate Court found that the Mexican Government s appeal was not
well founded.

Under the terms of the January 31, 1997 share purchase agreement (as amended by the parties of
June 9, 1997) through which Grupo TFM agreed to purchase the shares of us from the Mexican
government (the Share Purchase Agreement ), the Mexican government had the right to compel the
purchase of its 20 interest in us (the Put by Grupo TFM following its compliance with the terms
and conditions of the Share Purchase Agreement. Upon exercise of

- 28 -

Table of Contents 

the Put in accordance with the
terms of the Share Purchase Agreement, Grupo TFM would be obligated
to purchase our capital
stock at the initial share price paid by Grupo TFM, adjusted for interest and inflation. In October
2003, Grupo TFM filed suit in the Federal District Court of Mexico City seeking, among other
things, a declaratory judgment interpreting whether Grupo TFM was obligated to honor its obligation
under the Share Purchase Agreement, as the Mexican government had not
made any effort to sell our shares subject to the Put prior to October 31, 2003. In its suit, Grupo TFM named Grupo TMM and KCS as additional interested parties. The Mexican
court admitted Grupo TFM s complaint. Grupo TFM also filed a suit seeking constitutional protection
against the Mexican government exercising the Put, and that court issued an injunction that blocked
the Mexican government from exercising the Put. The Mexican government provided Grupo TFM with
notice of its intention to sell its interest in us on October 30, 2003. Grupo TFM responded to the
Mexican government s notice reaffirming its right and interest in purchasing the Mexican
government s remaining interest in KCSM, but also advising the Mexican government that it would not
take any action until its lawsuit seeking a declaratory judgment was resolved. As a result of the
settlement entered into with the Mexican government on September 12, 2005, all controversies
relating to the Put have been resolved, all lawsuits related to the Put have been dismissed, and
all obligations with respect to the Put have been satisfied.

Commercial Lawsuit on Put Right 

On
December 3, 2004, the Mexican government filed a commercial lawsuit against us, Grupo
TFM, Grupo TMM and KCS in a Mexican federal civil court. In the lawsuit, the Mexican government
requested a finding from the court as to whether the defendants had complied with all of their
legal obligations arising out of the process of privatization of FNM , including those related to
the Put. As a result of the settlement entered into with the Mexican government on September 12,
2005, all controversies relating to the Put right have been resolved and the commercial lawsuit has
been dismissed with prejudice.

1997 Tax Audit 

We were served on January 20, 2004 with an official letter Tax Audit Summary notifying
us of the Mexican government s preliminary findings and conclusions arising from its tax audit of
our 1997 tax returns (the 1997 Tax Audit ). In the Tax Audit Summary, the Mexican government
notified us of its preliminary conclusion that the documentation provided by us in support of the
VAT refund claim and depreciation of our concession title, and the assets reported on our 1997 tax
return did not comply with the formalities required by the applicable tax legislation. In addition,
the Mexican government attached the Special Certificate received from the Mexican Federal Treasury
in connection with our VAT refund claim pending resolution of the 1997 Tax Audit. We contested the
conclusions of the Mexican tax authorities within the time allowed by the Tax Audit Summary. On
March 16, 2005, we were notified by the Mexican Fiscal Administration Service Servicio de
Administracion Tributaria SAT )) that it had finished
its audit of our 1997 tax returns. The SAT failed to assess taxes or
penalties within the time allowed by law, rendering the tax audit
null, void and without any legal effect.

Other Litigation 

Disputes with Ferromex 

Disputes Relating to Payments for the use of Trackage and Haulage Rights and Interline
Services. We and Ferromex both initiated administrative
proceedings seeking a determination by the Secretaria de Communicaciones y Transportes Ministry of Communications and Transportation or SCT of the rates that we should pay each
other in connection with the use of trackage and haulage rights and interline and terminal
services. The SCT, on March 13, 2002, issued a ruling setting the rates for trackage and haulage
rights. On August 5, 2002, the SCT issued a ruling setting the rates for interline and terminal
services. We and Ferromex appealed both rulings and, following trial and appellate court
decisions, the Mexican Supreme Court on February 24, 2006, in a ruling from the bench, sustained
our appeal of the SCT s trackage and haulage rights ruling, vacating the ruling and ordering the
SCT to issue a new ruling consistent with the Court s opinion.
We have not yet received the
written opinion of the Mexican Supreme Court relating to the decision announced on February 24,
2006, nor has the Mexican Supreme Court decided the interline and terminal services appeal. We
believe that even if the rates set in 2002 become effective, there will be no material adverse
effect on our results of operation.

- 29 -

Table of Contents 

Disputes Relating to the Exercise of Trackage Rights. We and Ferromex are also parties
to various civil cases involving disputes over the application and proper interpretation of the
mandatory trackage rights, none of which we believe to be material individually or in the
aggregate.

Disputes Relating to the Scope of the Mandatory Trackage Rights. In August 2002, the SCT
issued rulings determining Ferromex s trackage rights in Monterrey and KCSM s trackage rights in
Altamira. We and Ferromex both appealed the SCT s rulings. At the administrative federal court
level, we obtained favorable rulings in both cases. Ferromex appealed these rulings. In
connection with the Altamira proceedings, on August 10, 2005, an appellate court granted Ferromex s
appeal and ordered the Administrative Federal Court determined to vacate its prior resolution and
issue a new resolution declaring as null and void the SCT s
determination that our trackage
rights should include access to the Port of Altamira. In connection with the Monterrey
proceedings, the case was remanded to the Administrative Federal Court with instructions to
consider additional arguments before issuing its ruling. We are still
awaiting that ruling but do not expect that ruling would have a
material adverse effect on our results of operation.

Miscellaneous legal proceedings 

Arrendadora Internacional, S.A. s claim. In January 2004, Arrendadora Internacional, S.A. Arrendadora Internacional ), a company in the process of liquidation, filed a commercial lawsuit
against FNM. FNM requested that we, Ferromex, Ferrosur and the SCT appear in the trial. Arrendadora
Internacional claims that a certain lease agreement between Arrendadora Internacional and FNM
executed in 1996, for the lease of 113 locomotives, was terminated in 2001 and therefore required
(i) the return of the leased locomotives, (ii) the payment of rent from January 2001 to the date
the locomotives were returned, and (iii) the payment of any damages caused to the locomotives. In
the process of the privatization, and as explicitly authorized by Arrendadora Internacional, FNM
subleased 70 of those 113 locomotives to us, giving us all rights and obligations under the lease
with Arrendadora Internacional with respect to such locomotives. FNM subleased the remaining
locomotives to Ferromex and Ferrosur. We answered the lawsuit in April 2004. The lawsuit s first
stage (primera instancia) is currently suspended pending an appeal by FNM in April 2005 challenging
the court s jurisdiction over the matter.

On
November 8, 2005, we entered into a purchase agreement with
Arrendadora Internacional, pursuant to which we purchased the
locomotives that were the subject of the dispute, effectively terminating
the commercial lawsuit. The agreement was approved by the SCT as
required by Mexican law relating to companies in liquidation.

SCT Sanction Proceedings 

On April 6, 2006 and April 7, 2006, the SCT initiated sanction
proceedings against us, arguing that we failed in the years 2004 and
2005 to make the capital investments projected under the five year
plan filed with the SCT. We must answer the SCT s letter of
April 6 before May 2, 2006, and the letter of
April 7 by May 4, 2006. In each case we anticipate providing the SCT
with arguments explaining the Company s capital investment
program and arguing that it is not appropriate for the SCT to
sanction the Company. We believe that even if the threatened SCT
sanctions become effective, there will be no material adverse effect
on the Company.

Other. 
We are a party to various other legal proceedings and administrative actions arising in the
ordinary course of business. Although it is impossible to predict the outcome of any legal
proceeding or administrative action, in management s opinion, such proceedings and actions should
not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition or results of operations.

- 30 -

Table of Contents 

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during the three-month period ended
December 31, 2005.

PART II 

Item 5.
Market for the Company s Common Equity, Related
Stockholders Matters and Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

There is no public trading market for our equity securities. Except for one share owned by
our subsidiary, Arrendadora TFM, all of our equity securities are owned by KCS.

We have not made any cash payment of dividends on our common stock during the last five fiscal
years and we do not anticipate making any cash dividend payments to common stockholders in the
foreseeable future. Pursuant to our outstanding long term credit agreement we can pay dividends
permitted by applicable law subject to certain limitations.

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

The
following tables present our summary historical consolidated financial data for the three months ended March 31, 2005, and
for the nine months ended December 31, 2005 and for the years ended
December 31, 2004, 2003, 2002 and 2001. We derived the
summary consolidated financial data below as of December 31,
2004, and for the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003 from our consolidated financial statements on which
PricewaterhouseCoopers, S.C., our previous independent accountants, have reported, which have been
re-cast in accordance with U.S. GAAP and are included under Item 8 of this Annual Report. We
derived the summary consolidated financial data below for the three
months ended March 31, 2005, and for the nine months ended
December 31, 2005 from our consolidated financial
statements on which KPMG Cardenas Dosal, S.C.( KPMG ), our
independent accountants, have reported. You should read the summary
financial data in conjunction with Presentation of Financial and Other Information, Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations and our consolidated financial
statements and notes to those consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report.

Due to the acquisition of Grupo TFM by KCS on April 1, 2005, as mentioned in Note 4 to our
audited consolidated financial statements included under Item 8 of this annual report, and the effects of the
push down accounting, the consolidated financial statements included herein are not
comparable to the consolidated financial statements for periods prior to April 1, 2005. Our consolidated
financial statements are separated between Successor and
 Predecessor to reflect our results and consolidated financial position before and after the change in control. For the nine months ended December 31, 2005, the consolidated financial statements include the
effects of the push down of the purchase accounting allocation by KCS, as more fully
described in Note 5 to our audited consolidated financial statements, included under Item 8 of this annual
report.

Our
consolidated financial statements have historically been prepared in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards IFRS ). Our
consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003, 2002 and 2001, which
were originally prepared in accordance with IFRS, have been re-cast in accordance with U.S. GAAP
due to our change from a foreign private issuer to a domestic filer.

- 31 -

Table of Contents 

Successor 

Predecessor 
 
 Predecessor 

Three 

Nine Months 

Months 

ended 

Ended 

December 31, 

March 31, 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2004 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

(In thousands of dollars) 

Results of Operations Data: 

Revenues

547,547 

170,088 

699,224 

698,528 

712,140 

720,627 

Operating expenses

529,701 

143,790 

592,020 

590,304 

553,169 

538,394 

Operating income (loss)

17,846 

26,298 

107,204 

108,224 

158,971 

182,233 

VAT / PUT settlement gain net

141,035 

Equity in net earnings of
unconsolidated affiliates

(1,466) 

41 

282 

1,269 

(915) 

Interest income

1,112 

342 

514 

1,509 

4,974 

4,510 

Interest expense

76,039 

27,325 

112,295 

112,641 

100,789 

87,942 

Exchange gain (loss) net

3,543 

181 

435 

(13,744) 

(17,508) 

2,819 

Income (loss) before income
taxes and minority interest

86,031 

(504) 

(4,101) 

(16,370) 

46,917 

100,705 

Net income (loss)

87,707 

1,019 

(8,102) 

34,161 

136,655 

91,919 

Other Financial Data: 

Depreciation and amortization.

67,069 

21,806 

87,582 

86,015 

81,860 

78,345 

Capital expenditures

71,982 

9,212 

41,143 

73,121 

89,355 

85,245 

Net cash provided by (used in)
Operating activities

80,488 

35,788 

87,478 

99,664 

154,968 

120,052 

Investing activities

(71,343) 

(8,974) 

(13,576) 

(70,731) 

(132,713) 

(83,233) 

Financing activities

(7,493) 

(35,538) 

(63,253) 

(55,585) 

(32,612) 

(29,383) 

Successor 

Predecessor 

December 31, 

2005 

2004 

2003 

2002 

2001 

(In thousands of dollars) 

Balance Sheet Data
(at end of year): 

Total assets

2,369,494 

2,183,226 

2,278,787 

2,271,732 

2,218,403 

Total debt and capital
lease obligations

908,226 

906,944 

968,016 

1,023,105 

838,011 

Total liabilities

1,214,969 

1,078,576 

1,165,494 

1,192,579 

976,079 

Common stock,
1,107,191,004 shares,
without par value,
authorized, issued and
outstanding

1,758,882 

1,758,882 

1,758,882 

1,758,882 

1,758,882 

Total stockholders equity

1,155,778 

1,105,651 

1,113,759 

1,079,237 

1,242,324 

Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 

The following table sets forth our ratio of earnings to fixed charges on a historical basis
for each of the five years in the period ended December 31, 2005 and for the three months period
ended March 31, 2005 and for the nine months ended December 31, 2005.

Successor 

Predecessor 
 
 Predecessor 

For the nine 

For the three 

months ended 

months ended 
 
 For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

March 31, 
 
 December 31, 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

Historical

N/A 

1.0 

1.0 

N/A 

1.4 

2.0 

For 2003 and for the nine months ended December 31, 2005, our earnings were
insufficient to cover fixed charges by 16.6 million and 54.5 million,
respectively. 

For the purpose of computing the ratio of earnings to fixed charges, earnings include pre-tax
income before minority interest and equity earnings in associates, fixed charges, net of the
minority interest in pre-tax income of subsidiaries

- 32 -

Table of Contents 

that have not incurred fixed charges. Fixed charges include interest costs, amortization of
debt expense and discount and the portion of rent that represents a reasonable approximation of the
interest factor.

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 

The
following discussion and analysis relates to our consolidated financial condition and results of
operations for the relevant periods and is based on, and should be read in conjunction with, our
 consolidated financial statements included under Item 8 of this
Annual Report, Consolidated Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that
involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in
these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those set forth
under Item 1A of this Annual Report, Risk Factors. See Forward-Looking Statements for
cautionary statements concerning forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

We operate the primary commercial corridor of the Mexican railroad system, which allows us to
participate significantly in the growing freight traffic between Mexico, the U.S. and Canada. Our
rail lines consist of 2,639 miles of main track. In addition, we have trackage rights entitling us
to run our trains over 541 miles of track of other Mexican railroad operators. We provide freight
transportation services under our 50-year concession, during the first 30 years of which we are the
exclusive provider, subject to certain trackage rights of other freight carriers. Our concession is
renewable for an additional periods of up to 50 years subject to certain conditions.

We believe our rail lines comprise the most strategically significant and most actively
traveled rail corridor in Mexico. Our rail lines connect the most populated and industrialized
regions of Mexico with the principal border gateway between Mexico at Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas and
the U.S. at Laredo, Texas. In addition, we serve three of Mexico s most important seaports at
Veracruz and Tampico on the Gulf of Mexico and L zaro C rdenas on the Pacific Ocean. As a result,
we believe our routes are integral to Mexico s foreign trade.

We seek to establish our railroad as the primary inland freight transporter linking Mexico
with the U.S. and Canadian markets. As the operator of the primary and most direct rail corridor
from Mexico City to the U.S. border, our route structure enables us to benefit from continuing
growth in NAFTA trade. We are the only Mexican railroad that serves the Mexico-U.S. border crossing
at Nuevo Laredo-Laredo, which is the largest freight exchange point between Mexico and the U.S.
Through KCS, as well as through interchanges with other major U.S. railroads, we provide customers
with access to an extensive network through which they may distribute products throughout North
America and overseas.

Our revenues are derived from the movement of a diversified mix of commodities and products
predominantly attributable to cross-border traffic with the U.S. We transport goods in the product
categories of agro-industrial products, industrial products and manufactured products, cement,
metals and minerals, chemical and petrochemical products, automotive products, and intermodal
freight. Our customers include leading international and Mexican corporations.

Our business is subject to a number of macroeconomic factors that affect our operating
results, including the circumstances described under Item 1A of this Annual Report, Risk Factors. 
These include factors outside our control, such as (i) the impact of inflation, political
developments, exchange rates and other factors tied to Mexico, (ii) seasonality in our business and
that of our customers as described below, (iii) our dependence on global fuel prices for our
operations, and (iv) our continuing obligations to the Mexican government arising out of the
privatization of our rail lines in 1997 and our concession, including our obligations in respect of
required capital expenditures.

Our results for 2004 were affected by our sale to KCS in August 2004 of a 51 interest in
Mexrail, as a result of which, we consolidated only seven months of Mexrail s results during 2004.
Mexrail is the sole owner of Tex-Mex, which operates a rail line from Laredo to Corpus Christi,
Texas. See Item 1, Business Subsidiaries and
Principal Affiliates Mexrail . 

- 33 -

Table of Contents 

Recent Developments 

We
failed to comply with certain reporting requirements and other terms
of our new 106.0 million credit facility entered into October 24,
2005 with Bank of America N.A., BBVA Bancomer, S.A., Instituci n de
Banca M ltiple, Grupo Financiero BBVA Bancomer, and the other lenders
named therein (the New Credit Agreement ). These failures constituted defaults
under the terms of the New Credit Agreement and limited our ability
to access the revolving credit facility in the New Credit Agreement.
On April 7, 2006 we entered into the 2005 Waiver and Amendment
with the
lenders under the New Credit Agreement. The 2005 Waiver and Amendment, as more fully discussed below, waived the defaults and
extended the timeframe for reporting requirements for 2005 fiscal year
results from March 31, 2006 until April 30, 2006.

During
2005, subsequent to the VAT/Put Settlement, both
Standard Poor s Rating Service S P and Moody s Investors Service Moody s removed their negative outlook on our debt
rating and moved our outlook to stable. On April 10, 2006,
S P lowered its corporate credit rating on KCS and us to B from
BB . The senior secured debt rating of KCS and us was lowered to
BB from BB+, and the senior unsecured debt rating lowered to
B from B+. The CCC rating on KCS s preferred stock, as
well as all credit ratings, remain on CreditWatch with negative
implications, where they were placed on April 4, 2006. These
rating actions are based on concerns about KCS s and our
liquidity following recent negative developments, including
settlement of obligations owed to Grupo TMM in March 2006 and the
increased risk of KCS failing to make the next cash dividend on its
preferred stock.

On
April 5, 2006, Moody s placed all of KCS s, KCSR s and our debt
ratings under review for a possible downgrade. Moody s review
was prompted by KCS s inability to file its 2005 Form 10-K
after requesting an extension and indicating that the filing would be
made by March 31, 2006.

Change in Control and Loss of Foreign Private Issuer Status 

On April 1, 2005, KCS and Grupo TMM completed a transaction under which KCS acquired control
of Grupo TFM. As a result of the acquisition, KCS acquired a controlling interest in Grupo TFM, consisting
of 75.4 of the outstanding shares (100 of the shares of Grupo TFM entitled to full voting
rights). The remaining shares are owned by us. By virtue of Grupo TFM s ownership interest in
us, KCS has a controlling interest in us.

As
a consequence of the change in control of Grupo TFM and us, we have ceased to qualify as
a foreign private issuer for purposes of our reporting obligations to the SEC. Accordingly,
although we filed our annual report for fiscal year 2004 on Form
20-F, in which our consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with IFRS, we have begun filing current reports on Form 8-K
and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q (beginning with respect to our second fiscal quarter of 2005,
filed on August 22, 2005), and have begun filing annual reports on Form 10-K (beginning with
respect to fiscal year 2005), in which our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with
U.S. GAAP.

Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation 

On April 1, 2005, pursuant to an offer to purchase dated as of such date, we commenced a cash
tender offer and consent solicitation for any and all outstanding 443.5 million aggregate
principal amount of our 11.75 Senior Discount Debentures due 2009 (the 2009 Debentures ). We
received consents in connection with the tender offer and consent solicitation to amend the
indenture the 2009 Indenture under which the 2009 Debentures were issued, to (i) eliminate
substantially all of the restrictive covenants included in the 2009 Indenture and (ii) reduce the
minimum prior notice period with respect to a redemption date for outstanding 2009 Debentures from
30 to 3 days. The supplemental indenture relating to the 2009 Debentures containing the proposed
changes (the 2009 Supplemental Indenture became effective on April 20, 2005. On April 20, 2005,
we accepted for purchase tenders equal to approximately 386.0 million principal amount of the 2009
Debentures. The tender offer expired on April 28, 2005.

Issuance
of 9 3/8 Senior Notes due 2012 (the 9 3/8 Notes 

We issued 460.0 million principal amount of 9 3/8 Notes in April
2005. The 9 3/8 Notes are denominated in US dollars, bear interest
semiannually at a fixed rate of 9 3/8 and mature on May 1, 2012. The
9 3/8 Notes are redeemable at our option, in whole at any time or
in part from time to time, on and after May 1, 2009, upon not less
than 30 nor more than 60 days notice. Subject to certain conditions,
up to 35 of the principal amount of the 9 3/8 Notes is redeemable
prior to May 1, 2008. In addition, the 9 3/8 Notes are redeemable,
in whole but not in part, at our option at 100 of their principal
amount, together with accrued interest, in the event of certain
changes in the Mexican withholding tax rate. After registering the 9
3/8 Notes with the SEC, we completed an exchange offer to exchange
these initial notes for notes that will not be subject to transfer restrictions on January 13, 2006. The 9 3/8 Notes were listed
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange as of March 9, 2006.

Redemption of Remaining 2009 Debentures 

Pursuant to the terms of the 2009 Indenture, as amended by the 2009 Supplemental Indenture, we
called for redemption our remaining outstanding 2009 Debentures that were not tendered in the
tender offer discussed above. On April 29, 2005, we paid an aggregate of US 60.0 million,
including principal and interest, to the holders of the 2009 Debentures to complete the redemption
of all such remaining outstanding 2009 Debentures.

- 34 -

Table of Contents 

The
net proceeds of the offering of our 9 3/8 Notes were
used in connection with the repurchase and redemption of the 2009 Debentures.

Waiver and Amendment to the 2004 Credit Agreement 

As of April 18, 2005, we entered into a Waiver and Amendment Agreement Waiver and
Amendment to our first amended and restated credit agreement dated as of June 24, 2004 (the 2004
Credit Agreement ). The Waiver and Amendment allowed us to (i) issue our new 9 3/8 Notes in a
principal amount in excess of the principal amount of 2009 Debentures outstanding, (ii) use the
amount of proceeds from the issuance of the 9 3/8 Notes in excess of the principal amount of the
2009 Debentures to pay accrued and unpaid interest on the 2009 Debentures repurchased or redeemed,
(iii) pay the fees of the underwriter associated with the issuance of the 9 3/8 Notes and the
tender offer for the 2009 Debentures, (iv) pay the premium related to the tender offer and (v) pay certain
other expenses relating to the tender offer and the issuance of the 9 3/8 Notes. The Waiver and
Amendment also amended the 2004 Credit Agreement to allow us to borrow up to 25.0 million from
KCS, on a fully subordinated basis. On October 28, 2005, we refinanced our existing term loan
facility by replacing the 2004 Credit Agreement with a new, three year, 106.0 million credit
facility dated October 24, 2005 (the New Credit Agreement ).

New Credit Agreement 

On October 24, 2005, we entered into the New Credit Agreement, in an aggregate amount of up to
 106.0 million with Bank of America, N.A., BBVA Bancomer, S.A., Instituci n de Banca M ltiple, Grupo
Financiero BBVA Bancomer, and the other lenders named in the New Credit Agreement. We used the
proceeds from the New Credit Agreement to pay all amounts outstanding under the Bridge Loan
Agreement, dated September 15, 2005 (the Bridge Loan Agreement ), and all remaining amounts
outstanding under the 2004 Credit Agreement and for other general corporate purposes. The maturity
date for the New Credit Agreement is October 28, 2008. The New Credit Agreement contains covenants
that restrict or prohibit certain actions, including, but not limited to, our ability to incur
debt, create or suffer to exist liens, make prepayments of particular debt, pay dividends, make
investments, engage in transactions with stockholders and affiliates, issue capital stock, sell
certain assets, and engage in mergers and consolidations or in sale-leaseback transactions. Except
for certain circumstances, our capital expenditures may not exceed certain amounts for any period
of four consecutive fiscal quarters. In addition, we must meet certain consolidated interest
coverage ratios, consolidated leverage ratios, and fixed charge coverage ratios. Failure to
maintain compliance with covenants would constitute a default. Other events of default include, but
are not limited to, certain payment defaults, certain bankruptcy and liquidation proceedings, a
change of control, and certain adverse judgments or government actions. Any event of default would
trigger acceleration of the time for payment of any amounts outstanding under the New Credit
Agreement.

On
April 7, 2006, we entered into a waiver and amendment (the
 2005 Waiver and Amendment to the
New Credit Agreement. The New Credit Agreement was amended to (i) exclude certain payment
obligations accrued under two locomotive maintenance agreements and under a track maintenance
rehabilitation agreement from the definition of Indebtedness, (ii) eliminate certain minimum and
multiple borrowing thresholds for Mexican peso borrowings under the revolving credit facility and
(iii) eliminate the reporting requirement to provide unaudited consolidated financial statements
for the fourth fiscal quarter. The 2005 Waiver and Amendment also waived
(iv) certain reporting
requirements, including the requirement to provide audited consolidated financial statement 90 days
after the end of the 2005 fiscal year, provided such reports are delivered by April 30, 2006, and
(v) compliance with the Consolidated Leverage Ratio obligations of Section 7.1(c) of the New Credit
Agreement for the four quarters ending December 31, 2005 if compliance therewith was calculated
without giving effect to the amendment to the definition of
 Indebtedness in the 2005 Waiver and Amendment, provided
that we are in compliance therewith after giving effect to the 2005
Waiver and Amendment.

Settlement Relating to Value Added Tax and Put Lawsuits 

On September 12, 2005, we, Grupo TFM, and KCS, along with Grupo
TMM, entered into a settlement agreement with the Mexican government resolving and terminating the
disputes between the parties concerning KCSM s VAT refund claim
and Grupo TFM s obligation under the Put. As a result of this settlement, KCS and its subsidiaries now own 100 of Grupo
TFM and us, and the Mexican government s remaining 20 ownership interest in us has been
eliminated; the potential obligation of KCS, Grupo TFM and Grupo TMM with respect to the Put has
been eliminated; and the legal obligation of the Mexican government to issue the VAT refund to us
has been satisfied. Part of the value of the VAT refund was used to purchase the KCSM shares owned
by the Mexican government and to cover taxes related to the settlement. There was no cash payment
made by any party under the settlement agreement. In addition, the parties have entered into mutual
releases of all existing and potential claims relating to the VAT
refund and the Put, and have dismissed all of the existing litigation between the parties.

- 35 -

Table of Contents 

Calculation
of Employees Statutory Profit Sharing 

From 1997 until 2001, KCSM calculated the net taxable income that should be considered for
employees statutory profit sharing under a judicial ruling that allowed it to deduct net operating
losses NOLs that had been carried forward from prior years. In 2002, the relevant legal
provision was modified and KCSM sought another judicial ruling confirming its right to deduct NOLs
from previous years. Due to a series of decisions by the Mexican Supreme Court declaring that NOLs from previous years may not be deducted, we changed
the method of calculating our employees statutory profit sharing liability. We no longer deduct NOLs from
prior years when calculating employee statutory profit sharing. This change in methodology and the
write off of our deferred tax assets related to employees 
statutory profit sharing resulted in a charge to the 2005 operating
expenses 35.6 million, after purchase accounting adjustments.

Resignation of Chief Financial Officer and Appointment of New Chief Financial Officer 

On November 18, 2005 Jos Francisco Cuevas Feliu voluntarily resigned as Chief Financial
Officer of us and Grupo TFM, effective as of November 18, 2005, which also terminated his
employment agreement, previously effective as of September 1, 2005.

In connection with Mr. Cuevas tender of his resignation and our acceptance of the resignation
on November 18, 2005, on behalf of ourselves and our affiliates, Mr. Cuevas executed a
confidentiality undertaking, an acknowledgement of receipt of payments made in accordance with
Mexican labor law, and a release of any and all claims arising out of his employment with us and
the termination of his employment with us.

Ronald
G. Russ, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of KCS, has been
appointed our Chief Financial Officer.

Name Change of TFM, S.A. de C.V. 

On December 2, 2005, we formally changed our corporate name to Kansas City Southern de M xico,
S.A. de C.V.

Resignation of Chief Executive Officer 

On December 5, 2005, we entered into a termination agreement with Francisco Javier Ri n,
pursuant to which he departed voluntarily as Chief Executive Officer of us and Grupo TFM on
February 14, 2006, which also terminated his employment agreement, previously effective as of June
23, 2005. In connection with Mr. Ri n s resignation and KCSM s acceptance of the resignation on
December 5, 2005, on behalf of itself and its affiliates, Mr. Ri n executed a confidentiality
undertaking, an acknowledgement of receipt of payments made in accordance with Mexican labor law,
and a release of any and all claims arising out of his employment with KCSM and the termination of
his employment with KCSM.

Termination
of the El-Mo-Mex, Inc. Locomotive Operating Lease Agreement 

In September 1999, we entered into locomotive operating lease agreement covering 75
locomotives, that was to expire in 20 years. The lease agreement contained standard provisions for
this type of transaction, including the option to either purchase the assets or return the assets
to the lessor at the end of the lease term. Because the lease agreement contained above-market
rates, in connection with the valuation of the Company s assets as part of the principles of
acquisition and push-down accounting, we recorded a valuation reserve that was being amortized over
the remaining life of the lease

On
November 2, 2005, KCSR entered into an agreement with El-Mo-Mex, Inc. El-Mo to acquire
El-Mo s equity interest in the 75 locomotives and El-Mo s interest in the lease agreement between
El-Mo and KCSM. On December 20, 2005, KCSR entered into a leverage lease arrangement with an unaffiliated third
party, pursuant to the terms of which KCSR sold the locomotives to a trust, which then leased the
locomotives to KCSR for a period of 18 years. At
December 31, 2005, none of the locomotives were
under lease to KCSM.

- 36 -

Table of Contents 

SCT
Sanction Proceedings 

On
April 6, 2006 and April 7, 2006, the SCT initiated sanction
proceedings against us, arguing that we failed in the years 2004 and
2005 to make the capital investments projected under the five year
plan filed with the SCT. We must answer the SCT s letter of
April 6 before May 2, 2006, and the letter of
April 7 by May 1, 2006. In each case we anticipate providing the SCT
with arguments explaining the Company s capital investment
program and arguing that it is not appropriate for the SCT to
sanction the Company. We believe that even if the threatened SCT
sanctions become effective, there will be no material adverse effect
on the Company.

Financial Presentation and Accounting Policies 

Accounting Considerations 

Our
consolidated financial statements have historically been prepared in accordance with IFRS, which differ
in certain material respects from U.S. GAAP. Each of these differences affects both net income and
stockholders equity. Because we have ceased to qualify as a foreign private issuer for purposes of
our SEC reporting obligations, we have begun filing quarterly reports on Form 10-Q (beginning with
respect to our second fiscal quarter of 2005) and will begin filing annual reports on Form 10-K
(beginning with respect to our fiscal year 2005) containing financial statements prepared in
accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our consolidated financial statements as of and for each of the years ending December
31, 2002, 2003 and 2004, included under Item 8 of this Annual Report, have been re-cast in
accordance with U.S. GAAP.

We performed an analysis under the guidance of FAS 52 to determine whether the U.S. dollar or
the Mexican peso should be used by us as our functional currency for U.S. GAAP purposes. Based on
the results of this analysis, we concluded that the U.S. dollar is the appropriate functional
currency for U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting purposes. We update the results of this analysis on an
ongoing basis. If we were required to change our functional currency to Mexican pesos, our results of
operations for U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting purposes may be substantially different.

Critical Accounting Policies 

Set
forth below is a description of certain key accounting policies on which our consolidated financial
condition and results of operations are based. These key accounting policies most often involve
complex matters or are based on subjective judgments or decisions. In the opinion of our
management, our most critical accounting policies are those related to revenue recognition,
financial statement translations into U.S. dollars, consolidated deferred income taxes and employees statutory
profit sharing. For a full description of all of our accounting policies, see Note 2 to our audited
financial statements included under Item 8 of this Annual Report.

Deferred Income taxes . We apply the provisions of SFAS No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes,
which is the liability method. Since commencement of our operations, although we have generated
book profits, we have incurred tax losses due primarily to the accelerated tax amortization of our
concession rights. We have recognized a deferred income tax asset for the resulting net operating
loss NOL carryforwards and may continue to recognize additional amounts in the next few years. Our
management anticipates that such NOL carryforwards will be realized given the long
carryforward period (through the year 2046) for amortization of the concession, as well as the fact
that we expect to generate taxable income in the future. Our tax projections take into
consideration certain assumptions, some of which are not under our control.
Key assumptions include inflation rates, currency fluctuations and future revenue growth. If our
assumptions are not correct, we may have to recognize a valuation allowance on our deferred tax
asset.

Employees 
statutory profit sharing . We are subject to employees statutory profit sharing
requirements under Mexican law and we calculate such profit sharing liability as 10 of our net
taxable income. Under U.S. GAAP, employees statutory profit sharing is
an operating expense. In calculating our net taxable income for statutory profit sharing purposes, we
previously deducted NOL carryforwards. The application of NOL carryforwards can result in a
deferred profit sharing asset for a given period instead of a profit sharing liability. The Mexican
tax authorities had challenged our calculation of statutory profit sharing liabilities in the late
1990s, but we prevailed with a Mexican Fiscal Court ruling in 1999 followed by a Tax Authority
Release acknowledging our ability to continue to calculate statutory profit sharing the way we had
been, including the deduction of NOL carryforwards in the calculation of net taxable income for
statutory profit sharing purposes. However, since a technical amendment to the Mexican tax law in
2002, the Mexican tax authorities have objected to our deduction of NOL carryforwards in the
calculation of net taxable income for statutory profit sharing purposes following such amendment,
which objection we challenged in court.

- 37 -

Table of Contents 

On July 12, 2005, the Mexican Supreme Court ruled that NOL carryforwards could not be deducted
when calculating net taxable income for employees statutory profit sharing liability purposes. As a result of
the recent Mexican Supreme Court decision, we changed the method of
calculating our employees statutory
profit sharing liability and no longer deduct NOL. This change in methodology and the write off of
our deferred tax assets related to profit sharing associated with these NOLs, resulted in a charge
against our income of 35.6 million, after purchase accounting adjustments.

KCSM
Depreciation Analysis. Since April 1,
2005, we adopted the group depreciation
method for consistency with KCSR. Accordingly, changes were made to certain historical
depreciation rates. Unlike KCSR, our depreciation rates are not subject to the approval of the
STB, accordingly, the changes to the depreciation rates were applied in 2005. During the year
ended December 31, 2005, the registrant engaged a civil engineering firm with expertise in railway
property usage to conduct an analysis to evaluate depreciation rates for properties and equipment. The
analysis centered on evaluating actual historical replacement patterns to assess future lives and
indicated that we were depreciating its property over shorter periods than we actually utilize the
assets. As a result, depreciation expense recorded in the fourth
quarter of 2005 reflected an adjustment totaling 5.5 million,
to reduce depreciation expense as recorded in the second
and third quarters of 2005. Concession rights and related assets are
amortized over the shorter of their remaining useful life as
determined by our depreciation review.

New Accounting Pronouncements 

In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB revised SFAS No. 123,
Accounting for Stock Based Compensation SFAS 123R ). The revision established standards for the
accounting of transactions in which an entity exchanges its equity instruments for goods or
services, particularly transactions in which an entity obtains employees services in share-based
payment transactions. SFAS 123R requires a public entity to measure the cost of employee services
received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the
award. That cost is to be recognized over the period during which the employee is required to
provide service in exchange for the award. Changes in fair value during the requisite service
period are to be recognized as compensation cost over that period. In addition, the revised
statement amends SFAS No. 95, Statement of Cash Flows, to require that excess tax benefits be
reported as a financing cash flow rather than as a reduction of taxes paid. Effective April 21,
2005, SFAS 123R was amended to change the effective date to the first interim or annual reporting
period of the registrants first fiscal year beginning after June 15, 2005. The adoption of SFAS
123R is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

In May 2005, the FASB issued FASB Statement No. 154, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections. Statement 154 establishes, unless
impracticable, retrospective application as the required method for
reporting a change in accounting principle in the absence of explicit
transition requirements specific to a newly adopted accounting
principle. This statement will be effective for the Company for all accounting changes and error corrections occurring after January 1, 2006.

Results of Operations 

The following discussion of our results of operations is based on the financial information
derived from our financial statements restated in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

In the following discussion, references to increases or decreases in any period are made by
comparison with the corresponding prior year period except as the
context otherwise indicates. The results of the three months ended
March 31, 2005 (Predecessor) and the nine months ended
December 31, 2005 (Successor) have been combined to form a full
year for purposes of the discussion herein. As a results of the
application of purchase accounting the consolidated financial statements of the
successor are not comparable in all results with the consolidated
financial statements of the predecessor.

Year Ended December 31, 2005 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2004 

The following comparison includes the consolidation in 2004 of only seven months of financial
results of Mexrail as a result of our sale of a 51 interest in Mexrail to KCS in August, 2004.

- 38 -

Table of Contents 

Revenues 

Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2005 totaled 717.6 million compared to 699.2
million for the year ended December 31, 2004, which represented an increase of 18.4 million or
2.6 . These results in 2004 include the consolidation of seven months of financial results of
Mexrail as a consequence of the sale of 51 of Mexrail to KCS in August 2004. Without taking into
account any consolidation of Mexrail, our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2005 totaled
 717.6 million compared to 664.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2004, which represents an
increase of 53.4 million or 8.0 over 2004. This increase in 2005 was mainly attributable to the
general recovery of the U.S. and Mexican economies. Carloads are a standard measure used by us to
determine the volume of traffic transported over our rail lines. Excluding carloads from Mexrail s
wholly-owned subsidiary, Tex-Mex, our carloads in 2005 decreased by 0.5 compared to 2004, while
the Mexican economy grew by 3.3 . Additionally, the appreciation of the Mexican peso against the U.S. dollar
positively impacted our revenues by 12.4 million. Imports into Mexico from the U.S., Canada and
overseas represented approximately 54.5 , 54.8 , and 56.2 of our total revenues in 2003, 2004, and
2005, respectively. Approximately 80.4 of our total revenues in 2005 were attributable to
international freight.

- 39 -

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth, by product category, our revenues and traffic volumes by
carloads for the years ended December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004, respectively.

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2004(1) 

Business Segment 
 
 Carloads 

Revenues 

Carloads 

Revenues 

(In millions) 

(In millions) 

Agro-industrial products

120,956 

163.0 

125,688 

143.4 

Cement, metals and minerals

171,671 

142.1 

173,198 

138.2 

Chemical and petrochemical products

97,058 

126.6 

101,291 

125.7 

Automotive products

114,558 

115.7 

119,104 

119.8 

Manufactured products, industrial products

104,720 

100.2 

97,741 

79.3 

Intermodal freight

212,276 

57.3 

208,452 

50.5 

Other(2)

12.7 

7.3 

KCSM

821,239 

717.6 

825,474 

664.2 

Tex-Mex

60,176 

35.0 

Total

821,239 

717.6 

885,650 

699.2 

(1) 
 
 Includes only seven months of Tex-Mex s 2004 revenues as a consequence of the sale of its
parent, Mexrail, to KCS in August, 2004. 

(2) 
 
 Other revenues include railroad services including haulage, demurrage and switching. 

Agro-industrial products . Revenues increased by 19.6 million or 13.7 in 2005 compared to
2004. This increase was driven by higher import targeted price improvements and fuel surcharges.
These increases were partially offset by a reduction in import shipments of soybeans, sorghum and
wheat products during the year 2005.

Cement,
metals and minerals . Revenues increased by 3.9 million or 2.8 in 2005 compared to
2004. Domestic revenues increased during the year 2005, as a result of an increase in the
production volumes of construction materials such as billets, bar and wire, cement and minerals, as
a result of strong performance in the construction industry. Steel slab and steel coils revenue
increased as a result of higher international traffic, such as imports and exports, due to higher
consumption of manufacturing industries as well as certain targeted rate increases during the year
2005.

Chemical and petrochemical products . Revenues increased by 0.9 million or 0.7 in 2005
compared to 2004. The increase was the result of increases in transportation of diesel and gasoline
for PEMEX and imported plastics.

Automotive products . Revenues decreased by 4.1 million or 3.4 in 2005 compared to 2004.
This revenue reduction is a consequence of the decline in production due to the continued recession
in the North American automotive industry and the closure of the DaimlerChrysler plant in Lago Alberto, and
the subsequent relocation of its production facilities to Encantada in Coahuila.

Manufactured products, industrial products . Revenues increased by 20.9 million or 26.4 in
2005 compared to 2004. Revenue increases for this year was mainly driven by the increase in rates
of pulpwood and a recovery of traffic from barge movements as well as new traffic. Additionally,
beer showed an increase of 47.0 in export traffics due to higher production in order to cover the
demand in the US market. Home appliances revenue increased mainly driven by higher exports to the
US market. Scrap paper also increased revenue due to a recovery of traffic that was lost in 2004 to
barge traffic and obtaining new traffic.

Intermodal freight . Revenues increased by 6.8 million or 13.5 in 2005 compared to 2004.
This increase was mainly attributable to the consolidation of steamship service at the port of
L zaro C rdenas.

- 40 -

Table of Contents 

Operating Expenses 

Total operating expenses amounted to 673.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2005 compared
to 592.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2004,
which represents an increase of 13.8 . The
following table illustrates our operating expenses for the periods indicated as a percentage of
revenues generated during the corresponding periods.

Successor 

Predecessor 

Successor 

Predecessor 

For the nine months ended 

For the three months ended 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

March 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2005 

2005 

2005 

2004 

of 

of 

of 

of 

Amount 

Revenue 

Amount 

Revenue 

Amount 

Revenue 

Amount 

Revenue 

(In thousands) 

(In thousands) 

(In thousands) 

(In thousands) 

Salaries, wages and employee
benefits

95,593 

17.5 

28,782 

16.9 

124,375 

17.3 

107,526 

15.4 

Purchased services

108,703 

19.8 

36,809 

21.6 

145,512 

20.3 

154,097 

22.0 

Fuel

83,109 

15.2 

23,224 

13.7 

106,333 

14.8 

79,287 

11.3 

Materials and supplies

5,779 

1.1 

1,692 

1.0 

7,471 

1.0 

5,967 

0.9 

Car hire net

38,022 

6.9 

8,584 

5.0 

46,606 

6.5 

37,913 

5.4 

Rents other than car hire

44,912 

8.2 

13,776 

8.1 

58,688 

8.2 

49,601 

7.1 

Casualties and insurance

14,736 

2.7 

2,240 

1.3 

16,976 

2.4 

10,594 

1.5 

Employees statutory profit sharing

41,081 

7.5 

547 

0.3 

41,628 

5.8 

(6,556) 

(0.9) 

Other costs

30,697 

5.6 

6,330 

3.7 

37,027 

5.2 

29,525 

4.2 

Depreciation and amortization

67,069 

12.2 

21,806 

12.8 

88,875 

12.4 

86,057 

12.3 

KCSM

529,701 

96.7 

143,790 

84.4 

673,491 

93.9 

554,011 

79.2 

Tex-Mex

38,009 

5.5 

Total

529,701 

96.7 

143,790 

84.4 

673,491 

93.9 

592,020 

84.7 

Salaries, wages and employees benefits. Salary expenses increased 15.7 to 124.4 million in
2005 compared to 2004. These increases were largely attributable to the net effects of annual
salary increases (4 in June 2005), the
increase in wages and fringe benefits as a result of our labor agreement revision in July 2005(4.5 
in wages and 2 in fringe benefits). Additionally, we experienced the effects of an appreciation of
the Mexican peso against the US dollar of 4.5 in 2005 compared with 2004.

Purchased services. Costs of purchased services decreased by 8.6 million or 5.6 in 2005
compared to 2004. Costs of purchased services consisted primarily of expenses related to equipment
maintenance, haulage, terminal services, security expenses and legal expenses. The decrease
includes the effect of establishing a fair market value for locomotive
maintenance agreements under purchase accounting by 4.9 million.

As a consequence of the acquisition of Grupo TMM s interest in the Company by KCS, the
management fee agreements between us and Grupo TMM and KCS were cancelled, resulting in a reduction
in expenses of 1.9 million at December 31, 2005. Additionally, our legal
expenses related with the VAT refund claim during 2005 were 5.0 million lower than in the prior year. As a result of our
personnel restructuring program, we had a reduction in our cost of expatriates of 1.9 million at
December 31, 2005 compared with the same period in 2004.

Fuel. Our
fuel expenses increased 34.1 in 2005 compared to 2004 primarily due to the
volatility of fuel prices during 2005 and higher fuel consumption compared to 2004.

Materials and supplies. Costs of materials and supplies consumed during 2005 increased 1.5
million, compared to 2004. The increase was primarily due to the revaluation of the parts inventory
associated with the maintenance of the catenary line, resulting in a charge of 1.6 million, after
purchase accounting.

Car
hire net. Our car hire net expenses include costs
incurred by us for the use of
other railroads railcars, net of car hire income we receive from other railroads for the use of
our cars. Our car hire net expenses are affected by the volume of our business, the number of
cars we own or lease and traffic flows. Car hire net expenses

- 41 -

Table of Contents 

increased by 22.9 in 2005 compared to 2004. These variances are attributable principally to an
increase in the number of hours and number of movement miles in 2005 compared to 2004 for current
traffic. Fifty percent (50 of the variance is due to increases in cycle time, particularly on box cars, intermodal cars and multilevels. System velocity
has decreased 15 , resulting in increased transit time, as a result of longer loading and unloading
times in 2005 over the same period in 2004.

Rents other than car hire. Rents other than car hire include locomotive leases and railcar and
equipment rental expenses. These expenses increased by 9.1 million or 18.3 in 2005 compared to
2004. The increase includes the effect of purchase accounting under which we established a fair
market value for all of our operating leases for locomotives and freight cars. This resulted in an
additional rental charge of 5.5 million. A similar charge will occur in subsequent quarters until
the expiration of all of the related leases. Additionally, we had a higher number of freight cars
leased in 2005 compared to 2004, increasing expenses by 4.0 million.

Casualties and insurance. These expenses increased 60.2 in the year ended December 31, 2005
from the year ended December 31, 2004. These increases were primarily the result of costs
associated with six derailments that occurred during the year 2005 totaling 5.1 million. In
addition, KCSM costs in 2005 were increased reserves by 1.9 million primarily for cars destroyed and 0.7 million
resulting from minor derailments, theft and vandalism. The increase during to 2005 was partially
offset by a reduction in our insurance premiums of 2.1 million compared to 2004.

Employees 
statutory profit sharing. The increase in our employees statutory profit sharing in 2005 compared to
2004 was a result of our recent Supreme Court decisions in May denying the deductibility of NOL s
in calculating the Company s employees profit sharing liability. As part of purchase accounting, KCS valued
our profit sharing NOL asset at zero as a result of the court rulings and we wrote off our deferred
profit sharing asset associated with these NOL s. This resulted in a charge to income of 35.6
million.

Other
costs. Other costs consists primarily of employees expenses such as the cost of meals,
lodging and travel, the loss on the sale of the Mexrail shares, as well as the concession duty
payable to the Mexican government, loss on the sales of property, machinery and equipment, and the
allowance for doubtful accounts. At December 31, 2005, these expenses increased 7.5 million
compared to December 31, 2004. This increase was attributable mainly by the reduction in value of
certain assets in the amount of 2.3 million, after purchase accounting, as well as management s
decision to increase the allowance for doubtful customer accounts by 9.3 million based upon
current prospects for collection of certain customer accounts, and the recognition of 2.0 million
of transition costs. This increase was partially offset by the loss of 12.2 million resulting
from the sale of the Mexrail shares to KCS in 2004.

Additionally, in connection with continuing litigation against the Mexican government, KCSM
had a 4.9 million receivable for recoverable withholding tax associated with car hire payments
made prior to 2003. Management has determined that it is unlikely that it will be successful in
collecting this amount and therefore the decision was made to increase the allowance for doubtful
other accounts receivable by this 4.9 million in 2005.

Depreciation
and amortization. Depreciation and amortization expenses in 2005
increased by 2.8
million compared to 2004. This increase includes the effect of changes in our estimated useful
lives over our properties, machinery and equipment this change resulting in a lower charge to the
expenses of depreciation in 2005 by 8.4 million, which includes
 5.5 million of the reduction of depreciation expenses recorded
in the second and third quarters of 2005. This decrease were offset by the result of
purchase accounting, whereby the book values of our assets were adjusted upward based on a market
value appraisal resulting in a 8.3 million charge for
additional depreciation and amortization, and as a result of capital improvements to our lines and ongoing investments.

Interest expense net. Interest expense net for 2005 was 101.9 million compared to 111.8
million for 2004. These decreases were attributable mainly to our debt refinancing of 443.5
million of 11.75 Senior discount debentures in April 2005 reducing our interest rate to 9 3/8 .

Exchange gain (loss) net. Exchange gain at December 31, 2005 increased 3.3 million,
compared to the same period in 2004. During the period the U.S.
dollar depreciated 4.5 relative to the
Mexican peso compared the same period in 2004.

- 42 -

Table of Contents 

Income tax expense. Our net income tax benefit was 2.9 million for 2005 compared to a net
income tax expense of 4.5 million for 2004. The decrease of 7.4 million in income tax was mainly the effect of the change in the
income tax rate from 33 to 30 , other effects related to inflationary components and non-deductible expenses. This decrease in income tax expense was partially offset by the effects of inflation
on tax loss carryforward and the effect of inflation on depreciation and
amortization.

Year Ended December 31, 2004 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2003 

The following comparison includes the consolidation in 2004 of only seven months of financial
results of Mexrail as a result of our sale of a 51 interest in Mexrail to KCS in August, 2004.

Revenues 

Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2004 totaled 699.2 million compared to 698.5
million for the year ended December 31, 2003, which represented an increase of 0.7 million or
0.1 . These results include the consolidation of only seven months of financial results of Mexrail
as a consequence of the sale of 51 of Mexrail to KCS in August 2004. Without taking into account
any consolidation of Mexrail, our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2004 totaled 664.2
million compared to 641.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2003, which represents an
increase of 22.8 million or 3.6 over 2003. This minor increase in 2004 was mainly attributable to
the general recovery of the U.S. and Mexican economies. Carloads are a standard measure used by us
to determine the volume of traffic transported over our rail lines. Excluding carloads from
Mexrail s wholly-owned subsidiary, Tex-Mex, our carloads in 2004 increased by 7.4 compared to
2003, while the Mexican economy grew by 4.4 . Additionally, the depreciation of the Mexican peso against
the U.S. dollar negatively impacted our revenues by 15.9 million. Imports into Mexico from the U.S.,
Canada and overseas represented approximately 54.1 , 54.5 , and 54.8 of our total revenues in
2002, 2003, and 2004, respectively. Approximately 79 of our total revenues in 2004 were
attributable to international freight.

- 43 -

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth, by product category, our revenues and traffic volumes by
carloads for the years ended December 31, 2004 and December 31, 2003, respectively.

Year Ended December 31, 

2004(1) 

2003 

Business Segment 
 
 Carloads 

Revenues 

Carloads 

Revenues 

(In millions) 

(In millions) 

Agro-industrial products

125,688 

143.4 

122,114 

142.9 

Cement, metals and minerals

173,198 

138.2 

159,502 

125.4 

Chemical and petrochemical products

101,291 

125.7 

88,522 

113.2 

Automotive products

119,104 

119.8 

120,883 

124.7 

Manufactured products, industrial
products

97,741 

79.3 

87,117 

74.3 

Intermodal freight

208,452 

50.5 

190,488 

52.4 

Other(2)

7.3 

8.5 

KCSM

825,474 

664.2 

768,626 

641.4 

Tex-Mex

60,176 

35.0 

100,814 

57.1 

Total

885,650 

699.2 

869,440 

698.5 

(1) 
 
 Includes only seven months of Tex-Mex s 2004 revenues as a consequence of the sale of its
parent, Mexrail, to KCS in August, 2004. 

(2) 
 
 Other revenues include railroad services including haulage, demurrage and switching. 

Agro-industrial products . Revenues increased by 0.5 million in 2004 compared to 2003. The
U.S. and Canada are the dominant suppliers of agricultural products to Mexico, and a significant
amount of the agro-industrial products carried over our rail lines are imports, consisting
primarily of grains and grain products (principally corn and wheat). In 2004, we maintained our
share of almost half of the total grains imported from the U.S. and Canada. Additionally, we were
able to convert additional amounts of truck transport to rail from the port of L zaro C rdenas to
the Nuevo Laredo-Laredo crossing.

Cement, metals and minerals . Revenues increased by 12.8 million or 10.2 in 2004 compared
to 2003. We capitalized on the recovery of the steel industry with increasing long haul traffic of
slabs, billets, bars and wire rod from the Port of L zaro C rdenas to Monterrey. Additionally, this
business unit benefited from the performance of the construction industry.

Chemical and petrochemical products . Revenues increased by 12.5 million or 11.0 in 2004
compared to 2003. The increase was the result of increases in transportation of fuel oil, diesel
and gasoline for PEMEX and imported plastics. Additionally, we continued to convert truck transport
to rail through the use of our transload facilities, at which trucks and trains can exchange cargo.

Automotive products . Revenues decreased by 4.9 million or 3.9 in 2004 compared to 2003.
During 2004, vehicle production in Mexico decreased 2.2 due to reduced demand. This decrease was a
result of the continued economic recession in the automotive industry in North America.
Through efforts to convert truck transport to rail, we have mitigated this reduction in our
revenues, but overall our hauls have decreased because of volume lost from the closure of and
reduction at certain automotive plants.

Manufactured products, industrial products . Revenues increased by 5.0 million or 6.7 in
2004 compared to 2003 due to a gain in market share in exports of paper and home appliance
products. Also, our revenues were favorably impacted by the conversion of truck transport to rail
and the recapture of lost customers.

Intermodal freight . Revenues decreased by 1.9 million or 3.6 in 2004 compared to 2003, due
to the decline in the transport of automotive products and as a consequence of the recession in the
automotive industry. However, through our efforts to convert truck transport to rail, we were
able to reduce the impact of the slowdown in the automotive industry.

- 44 -

Table of Contents 

Operating Expenses 

Total operating expenses amounted to 592.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2004
compared to 590.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2003, which represents an increase of
0.3 . The following table illustrates our operating expenses for the periods indicated as a
percentage of revenues generated during the corresponding periods.

Year Ended December 31, 

2004 

2003 

of 

of 

Amount 

Revenue 

Amount 

Revenue 

(In thousands) 

(In thousands) 

Salaries, wages and employee benefits

107,526 

15.4 

105,569 

15.1 

Purchased services

154,097 

22.0 

171,713 

24.6 

Fuel

79,287 

11.3 

58,706 

8.4 

Materials and supplies

5,967 

0.9 

7,391 

1.1 

Car hire net

37,913 

5.4 

35,420 

5.1 

Rents other than car hire

49,601 

7.1 

51,330 

7.3 

Casualties and insurance

10,594 

1.5 

9,703 

1.4 

Employees Statutory profit sharing

(6,556) 

(0.9) 

(11,528) 

(1.7) 

Other costs

29,525 

4.2 

18,158 

2.6 

Depreciation and amortization

86,057 

12.3 

83,779 

12.0 

KCSM

554,011 

79.2 

530,241 

75.9 

Tex-Mex

38,009 

5.5 

60,063 

8.6 

Total

592,020 

84.7 

590,304 

84.5 

Salaries, wages and employee benefits. Salary expenses increased 1.9 to 107.5 million in
2004 compared to 2003. The increase was largely attributable to the annual wage increase payable to
our employees and increases in other employee benefits effective July 1, 2004. Because our wages
are payable in Mexican pesos, this increase was partially offset by the depreciation in 2004 of the Mexican peso
against the U.S. dollar. As of December 31, 2004, we had 3,399 full-time employees.

Purchased services. Costs of purchased services decreased by 17.6 million or 10.2 in 2004
over 2003. Costs of purchased services consisted primarily of expenses related to equipment
maintenance, haulage, terminal services, security expenses and legal expenses. The decrease in
purchased services was primarily attributable to a one-time charge incurred in 2003 in connection
with our VAT refund claim. This decrease in purchased services was partially offset by an increase
in terminal services and maintenance to locomotives and rolling stock as a result of additional
carload volume.

Fuel. Our fuel expenses increased 35.1 in 2004 compared to 2003 primarily due to the
volatility of fuel prices during 2004. The average fuel price per gallon increased 30.1 in 2004
over 2003. Additionally, in 2004, our fuel consumption increased 5.2 compared to 2003.

Materials and supplies. Costs of materials and supplies consumed in 2004 were 1.4 million
lower than 2003, primarily because of a decrease in track maintenance activities.

Car hire net. Car hire net expenses increased
by 7.0 in 2004 compared to 2003. This increase is due to an increase of the car hire payable in
the use of cars, time and mileage by 3.8 million, which was partially offset by the increase of
car hire revenue received from other railroads by 1.2 million.

Rents other than car hire. Rents other than car hire include locomotive and railcar
leases and equipment rental expenses. These expenses decreased by 1.7 million or 3.4 in 2004 compared to
2003. The decrease was attributable to lower rates resulting from the negotiation of better rates
with our lessors and to an increase in our recovery of leasing costs through the sublease of
locomotives to other railroad companies.

- 45 -

Table of Contents 

Casualties and insurance. These expenses increased 9.2 in the year ended December 31, 2004
from the year ended December 31, 2003 due to the decrease in our insurance recoverability in 2004
as a result of higher deductible amounts during 2004.

Employees Statutory profit sharing. The decrease in our statutory profit sharing of 5.0
million in 2004 compared to 2003 was primarily due to the decrease of pre-tax income and the
strengthening of the Mexican peso, which raised the exchange rate gains included in the profit
sharing calculation.

Other costs. Other costs consist primarily of employee expenses such as the cost of meals,
lodging and travel, the loss of the sale of the Mexrail s shares, and sales of property, machinery
and equipment, as well as the concession duty payable to the Mexican government and the allowance
for doubtful accounts. These expenses increased in 2004 mainly due to the loss resulting from the
sale of the Mexrail s shares to KCS of 12.2 million.

Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization expenses in 2004 increased by
 2.3 million compared to 2003 primarily as a result of capital improvements to our
lines, new operating capacity, intermodal terminals and ongoing investments.

Operating Income and Operating Ratio. Our operating income decreased by 1.0
million to 107.2 million in 2004 compared to 108.2 million in 2003, representing a decrease of
approximately 0.9 , due to the factors described above. Operating ratio is an industry efficiency measure which represents a railroad s operating
expenses as a percentage of its transportation revenues. Our operating ratio increased to 84.7 for
2004 from 84.5 for 2003.

Interest expense net. Interest expense net for 2004 was 111.8 million compared to 111.1
million for 2003.

Exchange gain (loss) net. We recorded net foreign exchange income of 0.4 million for 2004
compared to a net foreign exchange loss of 13.7 million for 2003. We have exposure to fluctuations
in the value of the Mexican peso relative to the U.S. dollar because our Mexican peso accounts receivable are greater
than our Mexican peso accounts payable. In 2004, the U.S. dollar depreciated 0.8 and in 2003 the U.S. dollar
appreciated 7.4 , relative to the Mexican peso.

Income tax expense (benefit). Our net income tax expense was 4.5 million for 2004 compared
to a net income tax benefit of 50.1 million for 2003. The 54.7 million increase in income tax was
mainly due to the effect of inflation on depreciation and amortization of 72.0 million, as well as
the effect of the change in the income tax rate from 34 to 33 and other effects amounting to
 44.1 million. This increase in income tax was partially offset by the effects of inflation on tax
loss carryforward of 63.1 million and the increase in the permanent differences related to
inflationary components and non-deductible expenses amounting to 2.6 million.

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our business is capital intensive and requires ongoing substantial expenditures for, among
other things, improvements to roadway, structures and technology, capital expenditures, leases and
repair of equipment, and maintenance of our rail system. We have funded, and expect to continue to
fund, capital expenditures with funds from operating cash flows, leases and, to a lesser extent,
vendor financing. The discussion below of our cash flow includes the contribution from Mexrail
through August 2004, when we sold a 51 interest in Mexrail and a related call option to KCS. Our
principal sources of liquidity consist of cash flows from operations, existing cash balances,
leases, vendor financing and debt financing.

For the twelve month period ended December 31, 2005, we did not meet the leverage ratio
covenant (debt/EBITDA) of 4.50:1 as defined and measured under the terms of the New Credit
Agreement. In addition, on March 31, 2006, we failed to meet certain reporting requirements under
the New Credit Agreement. These failures resulted in defaults under the New Credit Agreement and
limited our access to the revolving credit facility. On April 7,
2006, we entered into the 2005 Waiver
and Amendment, which amended the New Credit Agreement to (i) exclude certain payment obligations
accrued under two locomotive maintenance agreements and under a track maintenance rehabilitation
agreement from the definition of Indebtedness, (ii) eliminate certain minimum and multiple
borrowing thresholds for Mexican peso borrowings under the revolving credit facility and (iii)
eliminate the reporting requirement to provide unaudited consolidated financial statements for the
fourth fiscal quarter. The Waiver and Amendment also waived (iv) certain reporting requirements,
including the requirement to provide audited consolidated financial statement 90 days after the end
of the 2005 fiscal year, provided such reports are delivered by April 30, 2006, and (v) compliance
with the Consolidated Leverage Ratio obligations of Section 7.1(c) of the New Credit Agreement for
the four quarters ending December 31, 2005 if compliance therewith was calculated without giving
effect to the amendment to the definition of Indebtedness 
in the 2005 Waiver and Amendment, provided
that we are in compliance therewith after giving effect to the
2005 Waiver and Amendment. We are not currently in default under the New
Credit Agreement and currently have access to the revolving credit
facility.

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

We
generated positive cash flows from operating activities of 116.3 million in 2005, 87.5
million in 2004 and 99.7 million in 2003. The increase in cash flows in 2005 from 2004 resulted
primarily from decreases in working capital.

- 46 -

Table of Contents 

The decrease in cash flows in 2004 from 2003
resulted primarily from changes in current assets and liabilities.

The following table summarizes cash flows from operating activities for the periods indicated.

Successor 

Predecessor 

Predecessor 

Nine months 

Three months 

ended 

ended 

December 31, 

March 31, 

2005 

2005 

2004 

2003 

(In thousands) 

Net income (loss) for the period

87,707 

1,019 

(8,102) 

34,161 

Depreciation and amortization

67,069 

21,806 

87,582 

86,015 

Amortization of discount on 2009 Debentures(1)

47 

370 

VAT / PUT settlement gain

(141,035) 

Deferred income tax

(1,464) 

(1,420) 

4,535 

(50,148) 

Employees statutory profit sharing

41,081 

547 

(6,556) 

(11,528) 

Minority interest

(212) 

(103) 

(534) 

(383) 

Loss on sale of property, machinery and equipment 
net

3,662 

723 

3,704 

2,909 

Loss on sale of 51 of Mexrail and related call option

12,221 

Changes in current assets and liabilities

23,680 

13,216 

(5,419) 

38,268 

Net operating cash flows

80,488 

35,788 

87,478 

99,664 

(1) 
 
 Includes amortization of discount on senior discount debentures and commercial paper. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Net cash flows
used in investing activities was 80.3 million in 2005, which consisted
principally of capital expenditures. In 2005 we made capital
expenditures aggregating 81.2 million, representing 11.3 of our revenues for the year.

Net
cash used in investing activities was 13.6 million in 2004. On August 16, 2004, we sold
shares representing 51.0 of Mexrail to KCS for approximately 32.7 million. This amount was
reduced by the income tax and legal expenses.

Net cash used in investing activities was 70.7 million in 2003, which consisted principally
of capital expenditures. We made capital expenditures in an aggregate amount of 73.1 million in 2003,
consisting mainly of improvements to our rail line. In addition, 18.4 million of our capital
expenditures in 2003 consisted of upgrades of our locomotives and freight cars.

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Net
cash flows used in financing activities was 43.0 million in 2005. This resulted from the
repayment of all outstanding 443.5 million principal amount of our 11.75 Senior Discount
Debentures due 2009 (the 2009 Debentures ), and principal payments of 134.1 million under our
2004 Credit Agreement and 31.0 million payments to the Bridge Loan Agreement. These repayments
were partially offset by the issuance of 460.0 million of 9 3/8 Notes and proceeds of 111.6
million from the New Credit Agreement.

For the year ended December 31, 2004, cash used in financing activities amounted to 63.3
million mainly as a result of the repayment of 10.0 million in outstanding principal amount under
our commercial paper program and principal payments of 71.1 million on the previous term loan
facility.

For the year ended December 31, 2003, cash used in financing activities amounted to 55.6
million mainly as a result of the repayment of 37.0 million in outstanding principal amount under
our commercial paper program and principal payments of 18.3 million on the previous term loan
facility.

- 47 -

Table of Contents 

Amendment to our Credit Agreement and Refinancing of our Commercial Paper Program 

On June 24, 2004, we entered into the 2004 Credit Agreement, and refinanced our commercial
paper program. Our commercial paper program consisted of a two-year facility in the amount of
 122.0 million. Under the 2004 Credit Agreement, both facilities were consolidated under a single
term loan facility maturing on September 17, 2006. Amounts outstanding under the term loan facility
were secured by a first priority conditional pledge on the locomotives and other rolling stock
owned by our subsidiary, Arrendadora TFM.

As of December 31, 2004, there was 133.7 million outstanding under our term loan facility. On
October 24, 2005, we refinanced the term loan facility by replacing the 2004 Credit Agreement with
a new, three year, 106.0 million Credit Agreement. See New Credit Agreement. 

Waiver
and Amendment to the 2004 Credit Agreement 

As of April 18, 2005, we entered into the Waiver and Amendment to the 2004 Credit Agreement.
The Waiver and Amendment allowed us to (i) issue the 9 3/8 Notes , (ii) use the amount of proceeds
from the issuance of the 9 3/8 Notes in excess of the principal amount of the 2009 Debentures to
pay accrued and unpaid interest on the 2009 Debentures repurchased or redeemed, (iii) pay the fees
of the underwriter associated with the issuance of the 9 3/8 Notes and the tender offer for the
2009 Debentures, (iv) pay the premium related to the tender offer and (v) pay certain other
expenses relating to the tender offer and the issuance of the 9 3/8 Notes . The Waiver and
Amendment also amended the 2004 Credit Agreement to allow us to borrow up to 25.0 million from
KCS, on a fully subordinated basis. On October 28, 2005, we refinanced our existing term loan
facility by replacing the 2004 Credit Agreement with the New Credit Agreement.

New Credit Agreement 

On October 24, 2005, we entered into the New Credit Agreement. We used the proceeds from the
New Credit Agreement to pay all amounts outstanding under a Bridge Loan Agreement, all remaining
amounts outstanding under the 2004 Credit Agreement and for other general corporate purposes. The
maturity date for the New Credit Agreement is October 28, 2008. The New Credit Agreement contains
covenants that restrict or prohibit certain actions, including, but not limited to, our ability to
incur debt, create or suffer to exist liens, make prepayments of particular debt, pay dividends,
make investments, engage in transactions with stockholders and affiliates, issue capital stock,
sell certain assets, and engage in mergers and consolidations or in sale-leaseback transactions.
Except for certain circumstances, our capital expenditures may not exceed certain amounts for any
period of four consecutive fiscal quarters. In addition, we must meet certain consolidated interest
coverage ratios, consolidated leverage ratios, and fixed charge coverage ratios. Failure to
maintain compliance with covenants would constitute a default. Other events of default include, but
are not limited to, certain payment defaults, certain bankruptcy and liquidation proceedings, a
change of control, and certain adverse judgments or government actions. Any event of default would
trigger acceleration of the time for payment of any amounts outstanding under the New Credit
Agreement.

For
the twelve month period ended December 31, 2005, we did not
meet the leverage ratio covenant (debt/EBITDA) of 4.50:1 as defined
and measured under the terms of our New Credit Agreement.
In addition, on March 31, 2006, we failed to meet certain
reporting requirements under our New Credit Agreement. These
failures resulted in defaults under the New Credit Agreement
and limited our access to the revolving credit facility. On
April 7, 2006 we entered into the 2005 Waiver and Amendment, which
amended the New Credit Agreement to (i) exclude
certain payment obligations accrued under two locomotive maintenance
agreements and under a track maintenance rehabilitation agreement
from the definition of Indebtedness, (ii) eliminate certain
minimum and multiple borrowing thresholds for peso borrowings under
the revolving credit facility and (iii) eliminate the reporting
requirement to provide unaudited consolidated financial statements
for the fourth fiscal quarter. The 2005 Waiver and Amendment also waived
(iv) certain reporting requirements, including the requirement to
provide audited consolidated financial statements 90 days
after the end of the 2005 fiscal year, provided such reports are
delivered by April 30, 2006 and (v) compliance with the
Consolidated Leverage Ratio obligations of Section 7.1(c) of the
New Credit Agreement for the four quarters ending
December 31, 2005 if compliance therewith was calculated without
giving effect to the amendment to the definition of
 Indebtedness in the 2005 Waiver and Amendment, provided
 that we are in compliance therewith after giving effect to the
2005 Waiver and Amendment. We are not currently in default of the New
Credit Agreement and currently have access to the revolving credit
facility.

During
2005, subsequent to the VAT/Put Settlement, both S P and
Moody s removed their negative outlook on our debt rating and
moved our outlook to stable. On April 10, 2006, S P lowered
its corporate credit rating on KCS and us to B from BB . The
senior secured debt rating of KCS and us was lowered to BB from
BB+, and the senior unsecured debt rating lowered to B from B+.
The CCC rating on KCS s preferred stock, as well as all credit
ratings, remain on CreditWatch with negative implications, where they
were placed on April 4, 2006. These rating actions are based on
concerns about KCS s and our liquidity following recent negative
developments, including settlement of obligations owed to Grupo TMM
in March 2006 and the increased risk of KCS failing to make the next
cash dividend payment on its preferred stock.

On
April 5, 2006, Moody s place all of KCS s, KCSR s and our debt
ratings under review for a possible downgrade. Moody s review
was prompted by KCS s inability to file its 2005 Form 10-K
after requesting an extension and indicating that the filing would be
made by March 31, 2006.

Capital Expenditures and Divestitures 

A significant portion of our capital expenditures is tied to volume of traffic, and is
therefore variable to the extent such volumes change. Capital expenditures do not include
locomotives or railcars leased under operating leases.

We made capital expenditures in aggregate amount of 81.2 million, representing 11.3 of our
revenues, in 2005, including 31.5 million for locomotive upgrades. We made capital expenditures of 41.1 million, representing 5.9 of our
revenues, in 2004, including 24.3 million for track improvements, siding extensions and track
equipment acquisition, and 7.9 million for upgrades of our locomotives and freight cars. In 2003,
we made capital expenditures in the amount of 73.1 million, including 48.7 million for
improvements to our rail line and 18.4 million for locomotive and freight car upgrades.

We plan to continue to make capital expenditures to improve our infrastructure. According to
our New Credit Agreement, we have restrictions on capital expenditures of 100.0 million unless our
leverage ratio declines to 3.50 times or less. Under the concession, we are required to make
certain capital expenditures as outlined in five-year business plans
submitted to the Ministry of Transportation. We have funded, and expect to continue to fund, capital expenditures with funds
primarily from operating cash flows and vendor financing.

- 48 -

Table of Contents 

The following tables set forth our principal capital expenditures and divestitures during last
three years.

Successor 

Predecessor 

Predecessor 

Nine months 

Three months 

ended 

ended 

December 31, 

March 31, 

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2005 

2004 

2003 

(In millions of dollars) 

Capital Expenditures 

Locomotives
and freight cars(1)

17.5 

0.7 

7.9 

18.4 

Rail track

44.1 

7.7 

24.3 

48.7 

Telecommunication

3.1 

0.4 

1.1 

1.7 

Other

7.3 

0.4 

7.8 

4.3 

Total

72.0 

9.2 

41.1 

73.1 

Successor 

Predecessor 

Predecessor 

Nine months 

Three months 

ended 

ended 

December 31, 

March 31, 

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2005 

2004 

2003 

(In millions of dollars) 

Capital
Divestitures (2)

Freight cars

0.1 

0.1 

0.1 

3.4 

Concession equipment

1.3 

0.7 

3.6 

1.5 

Other assets

4.0 

0.4 

0.4 

Total

5.4 

0.8 

4.1 

5.3 

(1) 
 
 Locomotives and freight cars capital expenditures do not
include costs incurred relating to certain locomotives expenses
where payment has been deferred in accordance with agreements with
its vendors and suppliers. 

(2) 
 
 Capital divestitures are shown in our cash flow statement included elsewhere in this Annual
Report in the line items Loss on sale of properties and write-off of cost of properties, net 
included in our operating activities. 

Sources and Availability of Raw Materials 

All of the locomotives we operate are diesel-powered, and our fuel expenses are a significant
portion of our operating expenses. We meet, and expect to continue to meet, our fuel requirements
almost exclusively through purchases at market prices from PEMEX, a government-owned entity
exclusively responsible for the distribution and sale of diesel fuel in Mexico. We are party to a
fuel supply contract with PEMEX, which may be terminated at any time by either party upon 30 days
written notice to the other. We experienced increases in our average price of
fuel per gallon of 24.2 in 2003, 30.01 in 2004 and 43.9 in 2005.

Seasonality 

The majority of our customers are industrial in nature, including automobile manufacturers,
grain distribution companies and industrial plants. Our freight revenue typically increases during
the third quarter of our fiscal year due to a number of factors, including increased production and
overstocking of inventory by our customers in anticipation of the end of the year holiday season
and also as a result of changes in our customers order patterns in response to the annual
announcement of price increases for the next year. Such factors demand an increase in the level of
our operations which typically results in an increase in our freight revenue for the third quarter
of our fiscal year. We typically experience a decrease in freight revenue at the end of our fourth
quarter and beginning of our first quarter due to a decrease in our customers productivity during
the Christmas holidays.

- 49 -

Table of Contents 

Contractual Obligations 

The following table outlines our obligations for payments under our indebtedness (including
capital leases), purchase obligations, operating leases and other obligations and for the periods
indicated using balances as of December 31, 2005 (in thousands of U.S. dollars).

Year ended December 31 
 
 Less than 1 

1-3 

3-5 

More than 

Indebtedness(1) 
 
 Year 

Years 

Years 

5 Years 

Total 

2012 Senior Notes 12.50 

23,659 

47,319 

47,319 

215,489 

333,786 

2007 Senior Notes 10.25 

16,167 

158,084 

174,251 

2012 Senior Notes 9 3/8 

45,346 

90,692 

90,692 

528,019 

754,749 

Term loan facility(2)

71,572 

71,572 

Capital leases

314 

596 

362 

1,272 

Total indebtedness 

85,486 

368,263 

138,373 

743,508 

1,335,630 

Less than 1 

1-3 

3-5 

More than 

Operating Leases(3) 
 
 Year 

Years 

Years 

5 Years 

Total 

Locomotive operating leases

14,419 

28,839 

28,839 

120,045 

192,142 

Railcar operating leases

38,578 

62,206 

40,644 

37,080 

178,508 

Total operating leases 

52,997 

91,045 

69,483 

157,125 

370,650 

Less than 1 

1-3 

3-5 

More than 

Purchase Obligations 
 
 Year 

Years 

Years 

5 Years 

Total 

Locomotive maintenance agreement

50,090 

100,131 

50,381 

104,342 

304,944 

Track maintenance and rehabilitation
agreement

5,891 

11,322 

10,699 

9,142 

37,054 

Total purchase obligations 

55,981 

111,453 

61,080 

113,484 

341,998 

(1) 
 
 These amounts include principal and interest payments and withholding tax where applicable. 

(2) 
 
 On October 28, 2005, we refinanced our existing term loan facility by replacing the 2004
Credit Agreement with the New Credit Agreement. 

(3) 
 
 These amounts include the minimum lease payments. 

The amounts of our obligations under the fuel purchase agreement are not included in the
table, as such amounts are based on the market price of fuel. The market price of fuel as of
December 31, 2005 was 413.9 per cubic meter.

In addition to the contractual obligations set forth above, under the terms of our concession,
we are required to pay the Mexican government a concession duty equal to 0.5 of our gross revenues
during the first fifteen years of the concession period, and 1.25 of such revenues during the
remainder of the period. For the years ended December 31, 2003, 2004, 2005, the concession duty
expense amounted to 3.6 million, 3.4 million, and 3.9 million, respectively, which was recorded
as an operating expense.

Following is a discussion of the terms of the contractual obligations outlined above.

12.50 Senior Notes due 2012 (the 2012 Senior Notes 

We issued the 2012 Senior Notes in June 2002. The 2012 Senior Notes are denominated in
dollars, bear interest semiannually at a fixed rate of 12.50 and mature on June 15, 2012.

- 50 -

Table of Contents 

The 2012 Senior Notes are unsecured, unsubordinated, rank pari passu in right of payment with
all existing and future unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of KCSM, and are senior in right of
payment to all future subordinated indebtedness of KCSM. The 2012 Senior Notes are redeemable at
any time in the event of certain changes in Mexican tax law and at our option, in whole or in part,
on or after June 15, 2007, subject to certain limitations, at the following redemption prices
(expressed in percentages of principal amount at maturity), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if
any:

Redemption 

Year 
 
 Price 

2007

106.250 

2008

104.167 

2009

102.083 

2010 and thereafter

100.000 

10.25 Senior Notes due 2007 (the 2007 Senior Notes 

We issued the 2007 Senior Notes in June 1997. The 2007 Senior Notes are denominated in
dollars, bear interest semiannually at a fixed rate of 10.25 and mature on June 15, 2007. The 2007
Senior Notes are not redeemable at our option except, subject to certain limitations, in the event
of certain changes in Mexican tax law.

The 2007 Senior Notes are unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of KCSM, rank pari passu in
right of payment with all existing and future unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of KCSM and are
senior in right of payment to all future subordinated indebtedness of KCSM. The 2007 Senior Notes
are unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured, unsubordinated basis by Grupo TFM.

9 3/8 Senior Notes due 2012 (the 9 3/8 Notes 

We issued 460.0 million principal amount of the 9 3/8 in April 2005. The 9 3/8 Notes are
denominated in US dollars, bear interest semiannually at a fixed rate of 9 3/8 and mature on May
1, 2012. The 9 3/8 Notes are redeemable at our option, in whole at any time or in part from time
to time, on and after May 1, 2009, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days notice. Subject to
certain conditions, up to 35 of the principal amount of the 9 3/8 Notes is redeemable prior to
May 1, 2008. In addition, the 9 3/8 Notes are redeemable, in whole but not in part, at our option
at 100 of their principal amount, together with accrued interest, in the event of certain changes
in the Mexican withholding tax rate.

Bridge Loan Agreement 

The Bridge Loan Agreement was entered into as of September 15, 2005 with BBVA Securities Inc.,
and Bank of America Securities LLC setting forth the general terms and conditions of a certain
facility, subject to the conditions of a certain Commitment Letter, for the purpose of making funds
available to the KCSM loans to be used by us to pay the September, 2005 amortization payment under
the 2004 Credit Agreement, between the Company, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as a administrative
agent and certain banks. On October 24, 2005, we paid the amount outstanding under the Bridge Loan
Agreement.

New Credit Agreement 

On October 24, 2005, we entered into the New Credit Agreement. We used the proceeds from the
New Credit Agreement to pay all amounts outstanding under the Bridge Loan Agreement, all remaining
amounts outstanding under the 2004 Credit Agreement and for other general corporate purposes. The
maturity date for the New Credit Agreement is October 28, 2008. The New Credit Agreement contains
covenants that restrict or prohibit certain actions, including, but not limited to, our ability to
incur debt, create or suffer to exist liens, make prepayments of particular debt, pay dividends,
make investments, engage in transactions with stockholders and affiliates, issue capital stock,
sell certain assets, and engage in mergers and consolidations or in sale-leaseback transactions.
Except for certain circumstances, our capital expenditures may not exceed certain amounts for any
period of four consecutive fiscal quarters. In addition, we must meet certain consolidated interest
coverage ratios, consolidated leverage ratios, and fixed charge coverage ratios. Failure to
maintain compliance with covenants would constitute a default. Other events of default include, but
are not limited to, certain payment defaults, certain bankruptcy and liquidation proceedings, a
change of control, and certain

- 51 -

Table of Contents 

adverse judgments or government actions. Any event of default would trigger acceleration of
the time for payment of any amounts outstanding under the New Credit Agreement.

On April 7, 2006,
we entered into the 2005 Waiver and Amendment to the
New Credit Agreement. The New Credit Agreement was amended to (i) exclude certain payment
obligations accrued under two locomotive maintenance agreements and under a track maintenance
rehabilitation agreement from the definition of Indebtedness, (ii) eliminate certain minimum and
multiple borrowing thresholds for Mexican peso borrowings under the revolving credit facility and
(iii) eliminate the reporting requirement to provide unaudited consolidated financial statements
for the fourth fiscal quarter. The 2005 Waiver and Amendment also
waived (iv) certain reporting
requirements, including the requirement to provide audited consolidated financial statement 90 days
after the end of the 2005 fiscal year, provided such reports are delivered by April 30, 2006, and
(v) compliance with the Consolidated Leverage Ratio obligations of Section 7.1(c) of the New Credit
Agreement for the four quarters ending December 31, 2005 if compliance therewith was calculated
without giving effect to the amendment to the definition of
 Indebtedness in the 2005 Waiver and Amendment, provided
that we are in compliance therewith after giving effect to the 2005
Waiver and Amendment.

Capital leases 

We have payment obligations under capital lease agreements for two real estate properties for
a period of 10 years. Our capital lease agreements contain standard provisions for this type of
transaction including an option to purchase the assets at the end of the term of the respective
lease agreements at a specified price.

Operating leases 

Locomotive operating leases. In September 1999, we entered into a locomotive operating lease
agreement covering 75 locomotives that was to expire in 20 years. The lease agreement contained
standard provisions for this type of transaction, including the option to either purchase the
assets or return the assets to the lessor at the end of the lease term. Because the lease
agreement contained above-market rates, in connection with the valuation of the Company s assets as
part of the principles of acquisition and push-down accounting, we recorded a valuation reserve
that was being amortized over the remaining life of the lease.

On November 2, 2005, KCSR entered into an agreement with El-Mo-Mex, Inc. El-Mo to acquire
El-Mo s equity interest in the 75 locomotives and El-Mo s interest in the lease agreement between
El-Mo and KCSM. On December 20, 2005, KCSR entered into a leverage lease arrangement with an
unaffiliated third party, pursuant to the terms of which KCSR sold the locomotives to a trust,
which then leased the locomotives to KCSR for a period of 18 years. At December 31, 2005, none of
the locomotives were under lease to KCSM.

Railcar operating leases. We lease certain railcars under standard rail industry agreements which are
classified as operating leases. The length of the term of these agreements ranges on average from 3
to 15 years.

Fuel purchase agreement 

On December 19, 1997, we entered into a fuel purchase agreement with PEMEX, under which we
have the obligation to purchase at market price a minimum of 15,000 cubic meters and a maximum of
20,000 cubic meters per month of PEMEX diesel fuel. The term of the agreement is indefinite but can
be terminated for justified cause by either party upon thirty days written notice.

Locomotive maintenance agreements 

We entered into locomotive maintenance agreements with various contractors, under which these
contractors provide both routine maintenance and major overhauls of our locomotive fleet in
accordance with the requirements of the U.S. Federal Railroad Administration (allowing our
locomotives to operate in the United States through interchanges with U.S. railroads). Our
locomotive maintenance contracts mature at various times between 2009
and 2020. Certain agreements contain deferred payments for
maintenance and contain standard
provisions for these types of arrangements.

Track maintenance and rehabilitation agreement 

In May 2000, We entered into a track
maintenance and rehabilitation agreement with a Mexican subsidiary of Alstom. The agreement
expires in 2012. Under this agreement, the contractor performed a major rehabilitation of the line
and provides routine maintenance between Celaya and L zaro C rdenas, approximately 350 miles.
Maintenance and rehabilitation expense amounted to 0.8 for the three
months ended March 31, 2005, 2.6 for the nine months ended
December 31, 2005, 3.4 in 2004 and 3.4 in 2003. Under this
agreement, we estimate receiving futures services totaling
 37 million in the following 6 years.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 

We periodically review our exposure to risks arising from fluctuations in interest rates,
foreign exchange and fuel prices and determine at the senior management level how to manage these
risks. We do not have a derivatives trading portfolio. We do not enter into market-risk sensitive
instruments for speculative purposes. See Note 13 to our annual
consolidated financial statements included under
Item 8 of this Annual Report, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

- 52 -

Table of Contents 

Interest Rate Risk 

We are subject to interest rate risk principally with respect to our debt that bears interest
at floating rates. The following table sets forth our principal and interest cash flows and related
weighted average interest rates by expected maturity date of our long-term debt as of December 31,
2005.

Maturity 
 
 Fixed Rate Debt(1) 

Variable Rate Debt(2) 

(In thousands of dollars) 

2006

2007

150,000 

2008

102,142 

Thereafter

640,000 

Total

790,000 

102,142 

Fair Value.

858,150 

102,140 

(1) 
 
 Includes 150.0 million principal amount of the 2007 Senior Notes, 460.0 million principal
amount of the 9 3/8 Notes and 180.0 million principal amount of the 2012 Senior Notes. 

(2) 
 
 On October 28, 2005, we refinanced our term loan facility by replacing the 2004 Credit
Agreement with the New Credit Agreement. 

Interest Rate Agreements 

In the past, we have entered into certain types of interest rate contracts to manage our
interest rate risk. In the future, we may use interest rate forward contracts to offset changes in
the rates received on short term floating rate assets to manage our risk with respect to interest
rates in Mexico and the U.S. We currently have no such contracts in effect.

Foreign Exchange Risks 

The purpose of our foreign currency hedging activities is to limit the risks arising from
peso-denominated monetary assets and liabilities. Our management determines the nature and quantity
of any hedging transactions, based upon net assets exposure and market conditions.

At
December 31, 2005, we had monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in Mexican pesos of
Ps.1,088.0 million and Ps.549.0 million, respectively. At December 31, 2004, we had monetary assets
and liabilities denominated in Mexican pesos of Ps.1,057.0 million and Ps.290.0 million, respectively. At
December 31, 2003, we had monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in Mexican pesos of Ps.1,325.0
million and Ps.261.0 million, respectively. At December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, the Reuters
interbank market Mexican peso-U.S. dollar exchange rate was Ps. 10.73,
Ps.11.14, Ps.11.23 per U.S. dollar,
respectively.

Fuel Price Risks 

We may seek to increase the predictability of our operating expenses by purchasing U.S. fuel
futures contracts, which are accounted for as hedging transactions used to offset fuel price risk.
We may also work with KCSR to hedge our fuel cost through their
purchasing activity. We did not acquire any fuel future contracts during 2005. As of December 31, 2005, we had no fuel
futures contracts outstanding.

- 53 -

Table of Contents 

Item 8.
Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 

Consolidated Financial Statements:

Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers, S.C., Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm, regarding the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003

55 

Report of
KPMG C rdenas Dosal, S.C., Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm, regarding the three months ended
March 31, 2005 Predecessor and the nine months
ended December 31, 2005 Successor ).

56 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets at December
31, 2005 and 2004 

57 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the three months ended March 31,
2005, nine months ended December 31, 2005 and for the years ended December
31, 2004 and 2003. 

58 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31,
2005, nine months ended December 31, 2005 and for the years ended
December 31, 2004 and 2003. 

59 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the three months ended March 31,
2005, nine months ended December 31, 2005 and for
the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003. 

61 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

62 

- 54 -

Table of Contents 

AUDITOR REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

REPORT OF PricewaterhouseCoopers, S.C., INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the
Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
TFM, S. A. de C. V.

We have audited
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of TFM, S. A. de C. V.
and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2004, and the related consolidated
statements of income, of cash flows and of changes in
stockholders equity for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2004,
all expressed in US dollars. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company s Management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements
based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by Management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.

In our opinion,
the aforementioned combined and consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of TFM, S. A. de C. V.
and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2004, and the consolidated results
of their operations, their cash flows and the changes in their
stockholders equity for each of the
two years in the period ended December 31, 2004, in conformity accounting principals
generally accepted in the United States of America.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers, S.C.

Mexico City, April 16, 2005

- 55 -

Table of Contents 

Report of KPMG C rdenas Dosal, S. C., 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
Kansas City Southern de M xico, S. A. de C. V.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Kansas City Southern de M xico, S.
A. de C. V. and subsidiary the Company as of December 31, 2005, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and
cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2005 Predecessor and the nine months ended December 31,
2005 Successor ). These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements
based on our audits.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (U.S.). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

In our
opinion, based on our audits, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Kansas City Southern de
M xico, S. A. de C. V. and subsidiary as of December 31, 2005, and the consolidated results of
their operations, and
their cash flows for the three months ended March 31,
2005 Predecessor and nine months December 31, 2005 Successor ),
in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

Due to the
acquisition of control of the Company by Kansas City Southern on April 1, 2005, the accompanying
consolidated financial statements after March 31, 2005 Successor are presented on a different cost basis than
for periods before the change in control and therefore are not comparable to the consolidated financial statements for
the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003 Predecessor ). The Company s consolidated financial statements are
separated between Successor and Predecessor to reflect the Company s results and financial
position before and after the change in control.

KPMG C rdenas Dosal, S. C.

Mario Fern ndez

M xico
City as of April 7, 2006.

56

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S.A. de C.V.) 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
(amounts in thousands of US dollars, except share data)

Successor 

Predecessor 

Assets 
 
 2005 

2004 

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

7,146 

14,218 

Accounts receivable, net (note 6)

92,970 

106,014 

Related company receivable (note 14)

35,843 

31,569 

Other
accounts receivable, net (note 7)

44,640 

72,057 

Inventories, net (note 8)

18,746 

21,738 

Other current assets
(note 9)

17,613 

7,036 

Total current assets

216,958 

252,632 

Concession value, net (note 10)

1,319,848 

1,082,034 

Property, machinery and equipment,
net (note 11)

593,364 

558,669 

Investments held in associate
company (note 2(a))

37,992 

8,060 

Deferred charges

16,895 

24,573 

Other assets

37,319 

6,907 

Deferred
income tax (note 18)

147,118 

250,351 

Total assets

2,369,494 

2,183,226 

Successor 

Predecessor 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 
 
 2005 

2004 

Current liabilities:

Short-term debt and capital lease due within one
year (note 12)

4,482 

66,749 

Interest payable

9,887 

4,073 

Accounts payable (note 15)

145,168 

131,833 

Related company payable (note 14)

13,299 

3,907 

Other current liabilities

22,318 

6,615 

Total current liabilities

195,154 

213,177 

Long-term
debt and capital lease (note 12)

903,744 

840,195 

Deferred
statutory profit sharing (note 18)

28,881 

Other
long-term liabilities and deferred credits (note 16)

87,191 

25,204 

Total long-term liabilities

1,019,816 

865,399 

Total liabilities

1,214,970 

1,078,576 

Minority Interest (note 2(p))

(1,254) 

(1,001) 

Stockholders equity (note 17):

Common stock, 1,107,191,004 shares
authorized, issued without par value

1,758,882 

1,758,882 

Receivable
under agreements with parent company (note 14(c)(d))

(661,153) 

(661,122) 

Treasury/parent shares

(561,462) 

(256,130) 

Additional paid in capital

245,369 

(21,395) 

Retained earnings

374,142 

285,416 

Total stockholders equity

1,155,778 

1,105,651 

Commitments and contingencies
(note 19)

Total liabilities and stockholders 
equity

2,369,494 

2,183,226 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

- 57 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS
CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Consolidated
Statements of Operations 
(Amounts in thousands of US dollars, except per share amounts)

Successor 

Predecessor 

Predecessor 

Nine months 

Three months 

ended 

ended 

Year ended 

December 31, 

March 31, 

December 31, 

2005 

2005 

2004 

2003 

Transportation Revenues

547,547 

170,088 

699,224 

698,528 

Costs and expenses:

Salaries, wages and employee benefits

95,593 

28,782 

117,386 

121,762 

Purchased services

108,703 

36,809 

165,396 

190,344 

Fuel, material and supplies

88,888 

24,916 

89,382 

71,843 

Employees statutory profit sharing

41,081 

547 

(6,556) 

(11,528) 

Other costs

128,367 

30,930 

138,830 

131,868 

Depreciation and amortization

67,069 

21,806 

87,582 

86,015 

Total operating expenses

529,701 

143,790 

592,020 

590,304 

Operating income

17,846 

26,298 

107,204 

108,224 

Interest expense

(76,039) 

(27,325) 

(112,295) 

(112,641) 

Interest income

1,112 

342 

514 

1,509 

Exchange (loss) gain, net

3,543 

181 

435 

(13,744) 

Net financing cost

(71,384) 

(26,802) 

(111,346) 

(124,876) 

VAT/Put
settlement gain, net (note 5)

141,035 

Net (losses) earnings of unconsolidated affiliates (note
2a)

(1,466) 

41 

282 

Income (loss)
before income taxes and
minority interest

86,031 

(504) 

(4,101) 

(16,370) 

Income tax (benefit)
expense (note 18)

(1,464) 

(1,420) 

4,535 

(50,148) 

Income (loss) before minority interest

87,495 

916 

(8,636) 

33,778 

Minority interest

212 

103 

534 

383 

Net income (loss)

87,707 

1,019 

(8,102) 

34,161 

Income (loss) per share

0.0685 

0.0007 

(0.0059) 

0.0247 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

- 58 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly know as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
(Amounts in thousands of US dollars, except per share amounts)

Successor 

Predecessor 

Predecessor 

Nine months 

Three Months 

ended 

ended 

Year Ended 

December
31, 

March
31, 

December 31, 

2005 

2005 

2004 

2003 

Operating activities:

Net income (loss) for the year

87,707 

1,019 

(8,102) 

34,161 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

67,069 

21,806 

87,582 

86,015 

VAT/Put settlement gain, net

(141,035) 

Amortization
of discount on senior unsecured debentures and commercial paper

47 

370 

Deferred income tax

(1,464) 

(1,420) 

4,535 

(50,148) 

Employees statutory profit sharing

41,081 

547 

(6,556) 

(11,528) 

Minority interest

(212) 

(103) 

(534) 

(383) 

Loss on sale of properties and write-off of cost of
properties, net

3,662 

723 

3,704 

2,909 

Loss on sale of Mexrail s shares

12,221 

Changes in assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable

24,390 

(10,582) 

(12,399) 

(10,999 

Accounts
receivable from related parties

(13,350) 

106 

(14,217) 

741 

Other accounts receivable

23,698 

2,954 

7,680 

21,338 

Long-term
receivable from Grupo TFM

(31) 

(6) 

361 

Inventories

6,550 

(3,559) 

(5,696) 

3,568 

Other current assets

3,177 

(3,051) 

(5,793) 

(957) 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

(11,353) 

28,137 

(3,911) 

27,146 

Other non-current assets and long-term
liabilities

(9,401) 

(789) 

28,923 

(2,930) 

Total adjustments

(7,219) 

34,769 

95,580 

65,503 

Net cash provided by operating activities

80,488 

35,788 

87,478 

99,664 

Investing activities:

Proceeds from sale of Mexrail s shares net of cash

27,147 

Acquisition of property and equipment

(71,982) 

(9,212) 

(41,143) 

(73,121) 

Proceeds from sale of equipment

639 

238 

420 

2,390 

Net cash used in
investing
activities

(71,343) 

(8,974) 

(13,576) 

(70,731) 

- 59 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS
CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows 
(Amounts in thousands of US dollars, except per share amounts)

Successor 

Predecessor 

Predecessor 

Nine months 

Three months 

ended 

ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

March 31, 

December 31, 

2005 

2005 

2004 

2003 

Financing activities:

Proceeds from commercial paper

20,000 

Proceeds from senior notes

460,000 

Payments
under senior discount debentures

(443,500) 

Payments
under commercial paper

(10,000) 

(37,001) 

Payments of term loan facility

(98,550) 

(35,520) 

(71,129) 

(18,286 

Payments under capital lease obligations

(293) 

(18) 

(339) 

(298) 

Proceeds of bridge loan

30,993 

Payments of bridge loan

(30,993) 

Proceeds from new credit agreement

111,640 

Payment of new credit agreement

(9,714) 

Debt issuance cost

(14,040) 

(1,785) 

Loan to
related party

(13,036) 

Net cash provided
by (used in)
financing
activities

(7,493) 

(35,538) 

(63,253) 

(55,585) 

(Decrease) increase
in cash and cash
equivalents

1,652 

(8,724) 

10,649 

(26,652) 

Cash and cash equivalents:

At beginning
of the year/period

5,494 

14,218 

3,569 

30,221 

At end of
the year/period

7,146 

5,494 

14,218 

3,569 

Supplemental information:

Cash paid during the year for interest

83,561 

2,012 

97,604 

98,626 

Assets acquired through capital lease obligation

120 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

- 60 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS
CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
(Amounts in thousands of US dollars)

Receivable under 

Additional 

Common 

agreements 

Treasury/parent 

paid in 

Retained 

Predecessor: 
 
 stock 

with
parent company 

shares 

capital 

earnings 

Total 

Balances at December 31, 2002

1,758,882 

(661,477) 

(256,130) 

237,962 

1,079,237 

Translation effect

361 

361 

Net loss for the year

34,161 

34,161 

Balances at December 31, 2003

1,758,882 

(661,116) 

(256,130) 

272,123 

1,113,759 

Translation effect

(6) 

(6) 

Cost of parent shares 

(21,395) 

21,395 

Net income for the year

(8,102) 

(8,102) 

Balances at December 31, 2004

1,758,882 

(661,122) 

(256,130) 

(21,395) 

285,416 

1,105,651 

Net income for the period

1,019 

1,019 

Balances at March 31, 2005

1,758,882 

(661,122) 

(256,130) 

(21,395) 

286,435 

1,106,670 

Successor: 

Translation effect

(31) 

(31) 

Cost of
shares received from the Government related to the VAT/PUT settlement

(305,332) 

(305,332) 

Push down of
additional basis from acquisition by shareholders

254,338 

254,338 

Contribution
of capital from parent resulting from cancellation of locomotive
contract

12,426 

12,426 

Net income
for the period

87,707 

87,707 

Balances at December 31, 2005

1,758,882 

(661,153) 

(561,462) 

245,369 

374,142 

1,155,778 

See accompanying notes to
consolidated financial statements.

- 61 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31,
2005, 2004 and 2003 and for 
the three months ended March 31, 2005, and 
nine months ended December 31, 2005

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amounts)

(1) 
 
 Description of the Company and its subsidiary- 

Kansas City Southern de M xico, S. A. de C. V . (Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.) KCSM 
or the Company was established by the Mexican Government (the Government in November
1996 in connection with the privatization of the Mexican rail system, which had been operated
by Ferrocarriles Nacionales de M xico FNM ). In December 1996, Grupo Transportaci n
Ferroviaria Mexicana, S. A. de C. V. Grupo TFM was awarded the right to acquire (the
 Acquisition an 80 interest in KCSM, pursuant to a stock purchase agreement. 

KCSM lines form a strategically important rail link within Mexico and to the North American
Free Trade Agreement corridor. KCSM lines directly link Mexico City and Monterrey (as well as
Guadalajara through trackage rights) with the ports of L zaro C rdenas, Veracruz and Tampico
and the Mexican/United States border crossings of Nuevo
Laredo, Tamaulipas-Laredo, Texas and
Matamoros, Tamaulipas-Brownsville, Texas. 

Arrendadora TFM S.A. de C.V Arrendadora TFM 98 owned subsidiary was incorporated on
September 27, 2002 under the Mexican Law regulations and its only operation is the leasing to
KCSM of the locomotives and freight cars acquired through the privatization previously
transferred by KCSM (locomotives in 2002 and cars in 2003). Arrendadora TFM is a subsidiary
of KCSM. 

Mexrail, Inc. On February 27, 2002, Grupo TMM, S. A. or Grupo TMM and Kansas City
Southern, or KCS announced that they had agreed to sell Mexrail, Inc. (a US Company), and
its wholly owned subsidiary, the Texas Mexican Railway Company Tex-Mex ), to KCSM for an aggregate price of 64
million 32.6 million to Grupo TMM and 31.4 million to KCS). The sale was completed on March
27, 2002 and the purchase price was paid by crediting an account receivable amounting to
 20,000, due from Grupo TMM, and the remaining balance of 44,000 was paid in cash. As a
result, Mexrail, Inc., with its wholly owned subsidiary, Tex-Mex, became wholly
owned subsidiaries of KCSM. 

- 62 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 

(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amounts)

The purchase of Mexrail by KCSM was recorded as purchase accounting with partial fair value
step-up (49 ), being recognized for the assets and liabilities being acquired for the portion
deemed purchased from KCS. Thus, excess amount was recorded as an increase of fixed asset of 20,557 and a corresponding
deferred income tax liability for 9,249. The portion sold by Grupo TMM to KCSM (51 were
accounted for on a historical carryover basis since both Mexrail and KCSM were under the common
control of Grupo TMM. 

On May 9, 2003, KCSM sold its 51 interest in Mexrail, Inc. to KCS for 32.6 million. Within
two years of the date of this agreement, KCSM had the right to repurchase all of the shares
from KCS at any time for an amount equal to the purchase price. Since the sale was
conditional on obtaining approval of the transaction by the U.S.
Surface Transportation Board STB ), KCSM recognized a liability for the net present value of the purchase price. Proceeds
from the sale were re-invested in KCSM. In September 2003, KCSM reacquired for 32.6 million
the shares previously transferred to KCS. 

Grupo TMM and KCSM entered into a new Stock Purchase Agreement on August 16, 2004 New
Mexrail Stock Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of that agreement, KCS purchased
from KCSM 51 of the outstanding shares of Mexrail, Inc., for
 32.7 million, and placed these shares into trust pending STB
approval. KCSM did not have any right to repurchase the
Mexrail shares sold to KCS. 

As of December 31, 2004, substantially all of the
receivable from related parties relates
to the acquisition of the Company s interest in Mexrail under the terms of the Mexrail
Stock Purchase Agreement. Under the terms of that agreement, KCS had an option to
purchase the remaining shares of Mexrail owned by the Company at a price of 31.4 million. Among
other conditions, the agreement provided that if KCS did not exercise the purchase
option, or otherwise acquire direct or indirect ownership of the remaining 49 interest,
the purchase option would become an obligation on October 31,
2005. With the completion of the acquisition of Grupo TFM by KCS, the Company has indirect ownership of
Grupo TFM s remaining 49 interest in Mexrail which effectively extinguished the purchase
option. At December 31, 2005, the results of Mexrail are presented in an
equity method, which amounted to 4.3 million from September
2004 to December 2005. 

- 63 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 

(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amounts)

Mexico Valley Railroad and Terminal, or FTVM ), was incorporated as a sociedad an nima de
capital variable. The corporate purpose of the company is to provide railroad services as
well as ancillary services, including those related to interchange, switching and haulage
services. KCSM holds 25 of the share capital of this company . The other shareholders of
the company, each holding 25 are Ferrocarril Mexicana, S.A. de C.V., Ferromex ), Ferrosur, S.A. de C.V. Ferrosur and the Mexican Government. Ferrosur and Ferromex are currently under
the common control of Grupo Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Grupo
Mexico ). 

On April 1, 2005, KCS completed the acquisition from Grupo TMM of all of its shares of Grupo
KCSM, giving KCS ownership of 75.4 of the outstanding shares of Grupo TFM (100 of the shares
entitled to full voting rights). As of April 1, 2005, Grupo TFM owned 80 of the Company s
outstanding share capital (which represents all of the Company s shares with full voting
rights), while the remaining 20 (with limited voting rights) was owned by the Mexican
government. Accordingly, KCS became the Company s controlling stockholder through its
ownership of Grupo TFM. 

On September 12, 2005, the Company, Grupo TFM, and KCS, along with Grupo TMM, entered into a
settlement agreement with the Mexican government resolving certain disputes and controversies
between the companies and the Mexican government concerning the payment of a value added tax,
or VAT, refund to KCSM and the purchase of its remaining shares owned by the Mexican
government. As a result of this settlement, KCS and its subsidiaries now own 100 of Grupo
TFM and the Company, and the Mexican government s remaining 20 ownership interest in the
Company has been eliminated; the potential obligation of KCS, Grupo TFM and Grupo TMM to
acquire the Mexican government s remaining 20 interest in the Company has been eliminated;
and the legal obligation of the Mexican government to issue the VAT refund to the Company has
been satisfied. 

- 64 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 

(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amounts)

Basis of presentation 

Due to the acquisition of Grupo TFM by KCS on April 1, 2005, as mentioned in note 4, and the
effects of the push down accounting to the Company, the consolidated financial statements
included herein are not comparable to the financial statements for periods prior to April 1,
2005. The Company s consolidated financial statements are separated between Successor and
Predecessor to reflect the Company s results and financial position before and after the
change in control. For the three months ended March 31, 2005 and the nine months ended
December 31, 2005, the consolidated financial statements include the effects of the push down
of the purchase accounting allocation of the Company by KCS, as more fully described in note
5. 

(2) 
 
 Summary of significant accounting policies - 

Following the acquisition by KCS on April 1, 2005, KCSM
and its subsidiary have
prepared the accompanying consolidated financial statements in
accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of
America, or U.S. GAAP. The Company had previously
prepared its consolidated financial statements in accordance with International
Financial Reporting Standards, or IFRS. 

The Company continues to evaluate its accounting policies and practices compared to
those used by KCS and may make refinements to such policies and practices. The most
significant accounting policies are described below. 

(a) 
 
 Consolidation- 

The consolidated financial statements include the subsidiary
(Arrendadora TFM) which is fully consolidated
from the date on which control was transferred to KCSM. 

Subsidiaries- 

Subsidiaries are all entities over which KCSM has the power to govern the financial and
operating policies generally accompanying a shareholding of more than one half of the
voting rights. 

- 65 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amounts)

They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases. The cost of an acquisition
is measured as the fair value of the assets given, equity instruments issued and
liabilities incurred or assumed at the date of exchange, plus costs directly
attributable to the acquisition. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and
contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their
fair values at the acquisition date, without considering of the extent of any minority
interest. 

All intercompany transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions between
group companies are eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the
transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting
policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with
the policies adopted by KCSM. 

Associates- 

Associates are all entities over which KCSM has significant influence but not control,
generally representing a shareholding between 20 and 50 of the voting rights.
Investments in associates are accounted for by the equity method of accounting and are
initially recognized at cost. 

KCSM s 25 interest in FTVM is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 

When KCSM s share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the
associate, including any other unsecured receivables, the group does not recognize
further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the
associate. 

Unrealized gains on transactions between KCSM and its associates are eliminated to the
extent of KCSM s interest in the associates. Unrealized losses are also eliminated
unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. 

- 66 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amounts)

(b) 
 
 Foreign currency translation- 

Although KCSM and its subsidiary are required to maintain their books and records in
Mexican pesos Ps for tax purposes, (except Mexrail and its subsidiary until August
2004), KCSM and subsidiaries keep records and use the US dollar as their functional and
reporting currency as the US dollar is the currency that reflects the economic substance
of the underlying events and circumstances relevant to the entity. 

Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in Mexican pesos are translated into US
dollars using current exchange rates. The difference between the exchange rate on the
date of the transaction and the exchange rate on the settlement date, or balance sheet
date if not settled, is included in the consolidated statement of
operations as a foreign exchange
gain/loss. Non-monetary assets or liabilities, capital stock transactions and minority
interest originally denominated in Mexican pesos are translated into US dollars using
the historical exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Depreciation and
amortization of non-monetary assets are recorded using the historical cost in US
dollars. 

(c) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents- 

Cash and cash equivalents represent highly liquid interest-bearing deposits and
investments with an original maturity of less than three months. 

(d) 
 
 Accounts receivable- 

Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amount less an allowance for these
receivables. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents the Company s best estimate
of the amount of probable credit losses in the Company s existing accounts receivable.
The Company determines the allowance based on the historical write-off and collection
experience and thorough analysis of each case. 

- 67 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amounts)

(e) 
 
 Inventories- 

Inventories consist mainly of materials and supplies, fuel and items for maintenance of
property, machinery and equipment, and are valued at the lower of the average cost and net
realizable value. 

(f) 
 
 Concession rights and related assets- 

Costs incurred by the Company to acquire the concession rights and related assets were
capitalized and are amortized over the estimated useful lives of the related assets and
rights acquired. The initial purchase price to acquire the concession rights and related
assets was allocated to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in
connection with the privatization process based on their estimated fair value and has
been adjusted as described in note 5. 

The assets acquired and liabilities assumed include: 

(i) 
 
 The tangible assets acquired pursuant to the asset purchase agreement,
consisting of locomotives, freight cars and materials and supplies; 

(ii) 
 
 The rights to utilize the right of way, track structure, buildings and
related maintenance facilities of the KCSM lines; 

(iii) 
 
 The 25 equity interest in the company established to operate Mexico
City rail terminal, or FTVM facilities; and 

(iv) 
 
 Capital lease obligations assumed. 

Replacements and improvements to concession assets are
capitalized when incurred and are included in property and equipment. 

(g) 
 
 Property, machinery and equipment- 

Machinery and equipment acquired through the asset purchase agreement were initially
recorded at their estimated fair value. 

- 68 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amounts)

Subsequent acquisitions are stated at cost. Prior to
April 1, 2005 depreciation is calculated using the
straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the
respective fixed assets. 

Concession replacements and improvements are stated at cost. Major repairs and track
rehabilitation are capitalized. Amortization is calculated using the straight-line
method based on the estimated useful lives of the respective improvements or, the term
of the concession, if shorter. 

Recurring maintenance and repair expenditures are charged to operating expenses as
incurred. The cost of rebuilding locomotives is capitalized once the expenditure is
incurred and is amortized over the period in which benefits are expected to be received
(estimated to be eight years). 

As a result of the acquisition by KCS on April 1, 2005,
during the third quarter of 2005,
the Company adopted KCS capitalization policy/group method of depreciation. Under group
method of depreciation, normal retirements are reflected as reductions accumulated
depreciation which following adoption resulted in a 4.5 million reduction in expense from April 1 to December 31, 2005.
During the year ended December 31, 2005, the Company engaged a
civil engineering firm with expertise in railway property usage to
conduct an analysis to evaluate depreciation rates for properties and
equipment. The analysis centered on evaluating actual historical
replacement patterns to assess future lives and indicated that we were
depreciating its property over shorter periods than we actually
utilize the assets. As a result, depreciation expense recorded in the
fourth quarter of 2005 reflected an adjustment totaling
 5.5 million, to reduce depreciation expense as recorded in the
second and third quarters of 2005. Concession rights and related
assets are amortized over the shorter of their remaining useful life
as determined by our depreciation review.

(h) 
 
 Long-lived assets- 

The Company evaluates the recoverability of its operating properties when there is an
indication that an asset value has been impaired. The measurement of possible impairment
is based primarily on the ability to recover the carrying value of the asset from
expected future operating cash flows related to the assets on an undiscounted basis. At
December 31, 2005, there were no assets which required an impairment adjustment. 

- 69 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amounts)

(i) 
 
 Fair value of financial instruments- 

The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, short-term debt and
accounts payable approximate to the carrying values because of the short maturity of
these financial instruments. 

The related fair value based on the quoted market prices for the senior notes 2007 at
December 31, 2005 and 2004, was 158,250 and 159,750, respectively. The related fair
value based on the quoted market prices for the senior notes due 2012 at December 31,
2005 and 2004, was 196,200 and 209,700, respectively. The related fair value based on
the quoted market prices for the senior notes due May 2012 at December 31, 2005, was
 503,700. The fair value based on the quoted market prices for the First Amended and
Restated Credit Agreement FARCA and Senior Discount Debentures at December 31, 2004 was 133,695 and 451,816, respectively. 

(j) 
 
 Deferred income taxes- 

Deferred income taxes are provided using the liability method, on temporary differences
arising between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in
the financial statements. Currently enacted tax rates are used in the determination of
deferred income tax. 

Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is more likely than not that
future taxable profit, against which the temporary differences can be utilized, will be
available. 

Deferred income tax is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in
subsidiaries and associates, except where the timing of the reversal of the temporary
difference can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary difference will not
reverse in the foreseeable future. 

- 70 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amounts)

(k) 
 
 Employees statutory profit sharing- 

Employees statutory profit sharing is determined at the statutory rate of ten percent
(10 of taxable income, adjusted as prescribed by Mexican law and included in operating expenses. 

KCSM is subject to employees statutory profit sharing requirements under Mexican law and
calculates profit sharing liability as 10 of KCSM net taxable
income. Under U.S. GAAP, employees statutory profit sharing is an operating expense. In calculating its net
taxable income for statutory profit sharing purposes, KCSM previously deducted Net Operating Losses NOL carryforwards.
The application of NOL carryforwards can result in a deferred profit sharing asset for a given
period instead of a profit sharing liability. The Mexican tax authorities had challenged the
calculation of statutory profit sharing liabilities in the late 1990s, but the Company prevailed with a
Mexican Fiscal Court ruling in 1999 followed by a Tax Authority Release acknowledging the ability
to continue to calculate statutory profit sharing the way the Company had been, including the deduction of
NOL carryforwards in the calculation of net taxable income for statutory profit sharing purposes.
However, since a technical amendment to the Mexican tax law in 2002, the Mexican tax authorities
have objected the deduction of NOL carryforwards in the calculation of net taxable income for
statutory profit sharing purposes following such amendment, which objection the Company has challenged in
court. 

Due to a series of decisions in 2005 by the Mexican Supreme Court declaring that NOLs from previous
years may not be deducted, KCSM changed the method of calculating its statutory profit sharing
liability. KCSM no longer deducts NOLs from prior years when calculating employees statutory
profit sharing. This change required KCSM to write off its deferred tax assets related to statutory
profit sharing resulting in a charge to operating expenses of 35.6 million, after purchase
accounting adjustments. 

(l) 
 
 Borrowings- 

Borrowings are recognized at the face amount of the debt issued, minus any discount or
plus any premium. Borrowings are subsequently stated at amortized cost using the
effective yield method. Discounts, premiums and transaction costs associated with the
issuance of the debt are amortized and recognized in the consolidated
statement of operations as interest expense over the period of the borrowings. 

(m) 
 
 Seniority premiums- 

Seniority premiums to which employees are entitled upon termination of employment after
15 years of service are expensed in the years in which the services are rendered. At
December 31, 2005 and 2004, the Company had a provision of 1.2 million and 1.0
million, respectively, which is included in other non-current liabilities in the
consolidated balance sheets. 

Other compensation based on length of service to which employees may be entitled in the
event of dismissal, in accordance with the Mexican Federal Law, is charged to expense in
the year in which they become payable. 

(n) 
 
 Revenue recognition- 

The Company recognizes freight revenue based upon percentage
of completion of a commodity movement. Other revenues, in general,
are recognized when the product is shipped, as services are
performed, or contractual obligations fulfilled. 

- 71 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amounts)

(o) 
 
 Leases- 

Leases of property, machinery and equipment where the Company has assumed substantially
all of the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as capital leases under SFAS
No. 13. Capital leases are capitalized at the inception of the lease at the lower of
the fair value of the leased property and the present value of the minimum lease
payments. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance charges so
as to achieve a constant rate on the consolidated finance balance outstanding. The interest element
of the finance cost is charged to the statement of operations over the lease period so
as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the
liability for each period. 

Leases where the lessor retains a significant portion of the risks and rewards of
ownership are classified as operating leases under SFAS No. 13. Payments made under
operating leases are charged to the consolidated statement of operations on a straight-line basis
over the period of the lease. 

(p) 
 
 Minority interest- 

Minority interest reflects Grupo TFM s 2 ownership in Arrendadora TFM. 

(q) 
 
 Net income (loss) per share- 

Net income (loss) per share is calculated based on the weighted average number of shares
outstanding during the period. There are no potential dilutive instruments outstanding,
therefore basic and diluted earnings per share are the same. 

(r) 
 
 Use of estimates- 

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements
requires management to make earnings
estimates and assumptions that could affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from
these estimates. 

- 72 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amounts)

(s) 
 
 Accruals- 

Based on management s estimates, accruals for claims from customers for merchandise
damaged during transportation, legal claims and property damage claims as a result of
derailments are recognized, net of expected insurance recoveries, when KCSM has a
present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events and it is probable
that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation. 

(t) 
 
 Share capital- 

KCSM has two classes of outstanding capital stock: Class I shares which are divided into
Series A and Series B shares which represent the minimum fixed capital of KCSM, and
Class II shares, which are divided into Series A and Series B shares which represent the
variable portion of the capital of KCSM. All of the shares of the capital stock of KCSM
currently outstanding are fully paid and non-assessable. Class I and Class II shares are
common, full voting and nominative shares of the capital stock, without par value. 

Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of new shares are shown in
equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds. Incremental costs directly
attributable to the issuance of new shares or options, for the acquisition of a
business, are included in the cost of acquisition as part of the purchase consideration. 

Where any subsidiary purchases KCSM equity share capital (treasury shares), the
consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income
taxes), is deducted from equity attributable to the equity holders until the shares are
cancelled, reissued or disposed off. Where such shares are subsequently sold or reissued,
any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction
costs and the related income tax effects, is included in equity attributable to the
equity holders. 

- 73 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amounts)

(u) 
 
 Financial instruments and hedging activities- 

Derivative financial instruments are initially recognized in the balance sheet at cost
and subsequently are recognized at their fair value. The method of recognizing the
resulting gain or loss is dependent on the nature of the item being hedged. The Company
may occasionally designate certain derivatives as either (1) a hedge of the fair value
of a recognized asset or liability (fair value hedge), or (2) a hedge of a forecasted
transaction or of a firm commitment (cash flow hedge). 

Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as fair value
hedges and that are highly effective, are recorded in the statement of operations, along
with any changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that is attributable
to the hedged risk. 

Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow
hedges and that are highly effective, are recognized in equity. Where the forecasted
transaction or firm commitment results in the recognition of an asset (for example,
property, machinery and equipment) or of a liability, the gains and losses previously
deferred in equity are transferred from equity and included in the initial measurement
of the cost of the asset or liability. 

Otherwise, amounts deferred in equity are transferred to the statement of operations and
classified as revenue or expense in the same periods during which the hedged firm
commitment or forecasted transaction affects the consolidated
statement of operations (for example, when the
forecasted sale takes place). 

(v) 
 
 Segments- 

KCSM is organized into one business segment (railways) and operates in one geographical
segment (M xico). 

- 74 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amounts)

(w) 
 
 Financial risk management- 

Foreign exchange risk KCSM conducts foreign operations and is exposed to foreign
currency exchange rate risk arising from exposure primarily with respect to the Mexican
peso. KCSM occasionally enters into derivative instruments to cover a portion of this
risk. These contracts meet KCSM s policy for financial risk management, however, they
do not meet the conditions to qualify for hedge accounting. Consequently, the
instruments are marked to market and accordingly, gains and losses related to such
transactions are recognized in the statement of operations. 

Interest-rate risk KCSM s income and operating cash flows are substantially
independent of changes in market interest rates. The interest rates of the capital
leases to which KCSM is a lessee are fixed at the inception of the lease. KCSM s policy
is to maintain at least 75 of its borrowings in fixed-rate instruments. At year end
December 31, 2005 and 2004, 89 and 85 , respectively, of borrowings were at fixed
rates. 

(x) 
 
 Concentration of risk- 

Over 16.2 of KCSM s transportation revenues are generated by the automotive industry,
which is made up of a relatively small number of customers. In addition, KCSM s largest
customer accounted for approximately 7.5 of its transportation revenues in 2005. KCSM
performs ongoing credit valuations of its customers financial conditions and maintains
a provision for allowance of those receivables. As of December 31, 2005, the Company has
no customers which represent more than 10 of its revenues. 

- 75 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amounts)

(3) 
 
 New accounting pronouncements- 

In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, revised SFAS No. 123R,
Accounting for Stock Based Compensation, or SFAS 123R. The revision established standards for
the accounting of transactions in which an entity exchanges its equity instruments for goods
or services, particularly transactions in which an entity obtains employee services in
share-based payment transactions. SFAS 123R requires a public entity to measure the cost of
employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the
grant-date fair value of the award. 

That cost is to be recognized over the period during which the employee is required to provide
service in exchange for the award. Changes in fair value during the requisite service period
are to be recognized as compensation cost over that period. In addition, the revised statement
amends SFAS No. 95, Statement of Cash Flows, to require that excess tax benefits be reported
as a financing cash flow rather than as a reduction of taxes paid. Effective April 21, 2005,
SFAS 123R was amended to change the effective date to the first interim or annual reporting
period of the registrants first fiscal year beginning after
June 15, 2005. This Financial Accounting Standard is
non-applicable to KCSM, because the Company does not have any stock compensation plans. 

In May 2005, the FASB issued FASB No. 154
Accounting Changes and Error Corrections. Statement 154 establishes,
unless impracticable, retrospective application as the required
method for reporting a change in accounting principle in the absence
of explicit transition requirements specific to a newly adopted
accounting principle. This statement will be effective for the
Company for all accounting changes and error corrections occurring
after January 1, 2006. 

- 76 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 

(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amounts)

(4) 
 
 Change in Control- 

On April 1, 2005, KCS and Grupo TMM S.A. Grupo TMM ), completed a transaction under which
KCS acquired control of Grupo TFM through the purchase of shares of the common stock of Grupo
TFM belonging to Grupo TMM, representing a 48.5 effective interest (51 of the shares of
Grupo TFM entitled to full voting rights) the Acquisition Agreement ). 

As a result of the acquisition and the subsequent purchase and reduction of the Mexican
government s ownership of KCSM, KCS has controlled KCSM since April 1, 2005 and indirectly
owned 100 of the common stock of the Company since September 12, 2005. 

(5) 
 
 Push down accounting and allocation of purchase price- 

April 1, 2005 Acquisition Agreement. On
 December 15, 2004, KCS entered into the Amended and
 Restated Acquisition Agreement (the Acquisition
 Agreement with TMM and other parties under which KCS
 would acquire control of KCSM through the purchase of shares of
 common stock of Grupo TFM. At the time, Grupo TFM held an
 80 interest in KCSM and all of the shares of stock with full
 voting rights of KCSM. The remaining 20 economic interest in
 KCSM was owned by the Mexican government in the form of shares
 with limited voting rights. 

Under the terms of the Acquisition Agreement, KCS acquired all
 of TMM s 48.5 effective interest in Grupo TFM on
 April 1, 2005 in exchange for 200.0 million in cash,
 18 million shares of KCS common stock, and two-year
 promissory notes in the aggregate amount of 47.0 million
 (the Escrow Notes ), as well as 27.5 million in
 transaction costs for a total purchase price of
 594.3 million. The 47.0 million Escrow Notes are
 subject to reduction pursuant to the indemnification provisions
 of the Acquisition Agreement for certain potential losses
 related to breaches of certain representations, warranties, or
 covenants in the Acquisition Agreement or claims relating
 thereto, or under other conditions specified in the Indemnity
 Escrow Agreement. 

In exchange for the purchase price of 594.3 million, KCS
 acquired 48.5 of Grupo TFM (or 38.8 of KCSM). On a preliminary
 basis, the excess of purchase price over the historical book
 value of the assets resulted in a net increase in the basis of
 the assets of approximately 199.6 million. As a result of
 the ongoing valuation of certain assets and liabilities, during
 the fourth quarter of 2005, Grupo TFM and KCSM, recognized
 changes to the preliminary allocation of purchase price, which
 was pushed down by KCS. In addition, the KCS purchase price was
 increased by 4.4 million, relating primarily to an
 increase in the estimates for severance and relocation costs. 

In connection with the evaluation of the fair values of the
 assets and liabilities of Grupo TFM, certain assets were
 identified as having little or no value to KCS as the acquiring
 company. Because KCS acquired only 48.5 of Grupo TFM (or 38.8 
 of KCSM) in this transaction, the allocation of the excess
 purchase price over book value of net assets was limited to the
 acquired percentage. Accordingly, a reduction in the assets of
 Grupo TFM was limited to acquired percentage and any residual
 was charged to expense. Grupo TFM operating expenses include
 39.5 million relating to decreases in the basis of certain
 assets, the most significant of which was the write off of
 deferred employee profit sharing asset of approximately
 35.6 million as a result of recent legal rulings in Mexico. 

September 12, 2005 Completion of VAT/ Put
 Settlement. On September 12, 2005, the Company and its
 subsidiaries, KCSM and Grupo TFM, along with TMM, entered into a
 settlement agreement with the Mexican government, resolving the
 controversies and disputes between the companies and the Mexican 

- 77 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 

(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

government concerning the payment of a value added tax
 VAT refund to KCSM and the obligation
 Put to purchase the remaining shares of KCSM owned
 by the Mexican government (the VAT/ Put Settlement ).
 As a result of the VAT/ Put Settlement, KCS and its subsidiaries
 now own 100 of Grupo TFM and KCSM; the potential
 obligation of KCS, Grupo TFM and TMM to acquire the Mexican
 government s remaining 20 ownership of KCSM has been
 eliminated; and the legal obligation of the Mexican government
 to issue the VAT refund to KCSM has been satisfied. There was no
 cash exchanged between the parties to the settlement agreement.
 In addition, the parties entered into mutual releases of all
 existing and potential claims relating to the VAT refund and the
 Put obligation, and entered into an agreement to dismiss all of
 the existing litigation between the parties. 

The VAT/ Put Settlement had two separate impacts 
 first, the resolution of a preacquisition contingency related to
 the April 1, 2005 transaction and second, KCSM s
 acquisition of the minority interest held by the Mexican
 government. 

Resolution of pre-acquisition contingencies. 

Both the VAT refund claim and the Mexican government s put
 rights were pre-acquisition contingencies. Accordingly, the
 impact of the acquired asset and the resulting liability has
 been reflected as adjustments to the preliminary purchase
 accounting described above. Because there is no market for Grupo
 TFM stock, management assessed the fair value of the
 government s shares acquired in the settlement to be
 properly estimated as the pro rata equivalent of the fair value
 of Grupo TFM stock paid to TMM under the Acquisition Agreement.
 Based on this assessment, the fair value of the Mexican
 government s shares was determined to be
 305.5 million. 

Under the terms of the Acquisition Agreement, KCS acquired
 TMM s 51 interest in the VAT refund claim as settled.
 Accordingly, the preliminary purchase accounting for the Grupo
 TFM acquisition has been adjusted to reflect as an asset the
 fair value of the acquisition of TMM s proportionate share
 of the VAT refund claim of 155.8 million. 

In accordance with the Acquisition Agreement, a contingent
 payment of additional purchase price of 110.0 million
 became payable to TMM as a result of the final resolution of the
 VAT Claim and Put, which has been settled in three parts:
 (i) 35.0 million in stock (shares determined
 based on the VWAP 20 days prior to the final resolution of
 the VAT Claim and Put, as defined in the Acquisition Agreement);
 (ii) 35.0 million in cash at time of final resolution
 of the VAT Claim and Put, as defined in the Acquisition
 Agreement; and (iii) the deposit into escrow of a note in
the amount of up to an additional 40.0 million
 payable in cash or stock (shares to be determined in accordance with the
 provisions of the Acquisition Agreement) payable no more than
 five years from the final closing date (April 1,
 2005). The liability is non-interest bearing, therefore it has
 been recorded at its present value based on a 5.0 discount
 rate, consistent with the stated rate of similar interest
 bearing notes in the Acquisition Agreement. 

The remaining fair value of the Mexican government s shares
 obtained in the VAT/ Put Settlement, approximately
 149.7 million, is attributable to the previously existing
 49 KCS interest in Grupo TFM and has been recorded as
 nonoperating income and is presented net of applicable legal,
 consulting and other fees of approximately 8.7 million,
 which became payable on final resolution of the VAT Claim and
 Put. The VAT/ Put settlement gain was not taxable in Mexico. The
 Company believes, based upon opinions of outside legal counsel
 and other factors, that the VAT/ Put Settlement should not be
 taxable to KCS for U.S. income tax purposes. Such position
 has not been examined by the taxing authority and it is possible
 that this position could be challenged. The amount of such tax
 would be material; however the Company believes that it would
 have the right to indemnification under the terms of the
 Acquisition Agreement. 

- 78 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

KCSM Acquisition of Mexican government shares. 

In connection with the VAT/ Put Settlement, the acquisition of
 the Mexican government s interest was accounted for as a
 purchase. The aggregate carrying value of 375.6 million
 for the Mexican government shares (23.9 effective
 ownership consisting of minority interest of
 256.9 million and the Association in Participation
 Agreement with a book value of 118.7 million) exceeded the
 estimated fair value of this interest of 305.5 million
 representing the purchase price. 

Purchase Price Allocation 

Significant components of the allocation of the excess of the
 purchase price over the carrying value of the net assets
 acquired, including both the April 1, 2005 and the
 September 12, 2005 acquisitions are as follows: 

Increase in current assets

11.0 

Decrease in property and equipment

(34.8) 

Increase in concession assets

285.4 

Decrease in deferred income tax

(86.9) 

Increase in non-current assets

83.6 

Increase in current liabilities

(15.3) 

Increase in non-current liabilities

(95.9) 

Total

147.1 

There are additional components in the additional paid in
capital to this allocation of the excess of the purchase price in
the amount of 107.2 million; mainly the contingent payment of
additional purchase price mentioned in the preceding page, in the
discounted amount of 99.5 million. 

The allocation of the purchase price above reflects preliminary
 estimates to various amounts that are subject to change as the
 Company obtains additional information relating to the fair
 values of assets and liabilities of Grupo TFM. The preliminary
 purchase price allocation reflects 15.3 million relating
 to estimated severance and relocation costs. During the nine
 months ended December 31, 2005 the Company has expended
 5.4 million, with 9.9 million left to disburse. 

In addition, the existing excess in the carrying value of the
 Company s investment over the book value of Grupo TFM
 13.7 million) was recorded as an addition to property,
 plant and equipment, and concession assets. 

- 79 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the
 assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the dates of
 acquisition as adjusted for the above impacts (dollars in
 millions): 

Current assets

269.2 

Property, plant and equipment

524.7 

Concession rights

1,332.1 

Other assets

215.9 

Total assets acquired

2,341.9 

Current liabilities

288.3 

Long-term debt acquired

802.6 

Other liabilities

112.6 

Minority Interest

(1.3) 

Total liabilities acquired

1,202.2 

The allocation of the purchase price above reflects preliminary
 estimates to various amounts which are subject to change as the
 Company obtains additional information relating to the fair
 values of assets and liabilities of Grupo TFM. 

Deferred Assets and Liabilities. 

In connection with the Acquisition, KCS assessed the fair value
 of KCSM s long term contractual relationships including,
 debt, locomotive and railcar leases and maintenance contracts
 for locomotives. As a result of the amortization of the deferred
 credits and deferred charges, for the nine months ended
 December 31, 2005 KCSM recognized an increase in equipment
 cost of 5.6 million and reductions of purchased services
 expense and interest cost of 4.8 million and
 2.3 million, respectively. Fair value was determined based
 on current market rates and other management estimates.
 Accordingly, KCS has recorded necessary valuation reserves for
 the related contracts which are reflected in the
 December 31, 2005 consolidated financial statements. 

- 80 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 

(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

(6) 
 
 Accounts receivable- 

2005 

2004 

Accounts receivable

105,968 

109,885 

Allowance for doubtful accounts

(12,998) 

(3,871) 

92,970 

106,014 

(7) 
 
 Other accounts receivable- 

2005 

2004 

Special tax on production and services

531 

27,700 

Recoverable income tax

6,097 

14,119 

Service to foreign railroads

11,386 

12,150 

Car repairs

11,830 

8,701 

Insurance claims

5,154 

3,670 

Helm
Financial Corporation (from the sale of fixed assets)

2,873 

3,600 

Value added tax

4,829 

83 

Other

1,940 

2,034 

44,640 

72,057 

- 81 -

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

(8) 
 
 Inventories- 

2005 

2004 

Materials and supplies

20,096 

19,994 

Locomotive fuel stock

2,119 

2,603 

Inventory reserve

(3,469) 

(859) 

18,746 

21,738 

(9) 
 
 Other current assets- 

2005 

2004 

Fair value adjustment related to
push down accounting

11,356 

Prepaid expenses

2,938 

3,413 

Advance to suppliers

2,154 

1,623 

Prepaid insurance premiums

1,165 

2,000 

17,613 

7,036 

(10) 
 
 Concession value- 

In December 1996, the Mexican Government (the Government granted KCSM the Concession (the
 Concession to operate the northeast rail lines for an initial period of fifty years,
exclusive for thirty years, renewable, subject to certain conditions, for a second period of
up to fifty years. Under the terms of the Concession, the Company has the right to use and is
obligated to maintain the right of way, track structure, buildings and related maintenance
facilities to the operational standards specified in the concession agreement and to return
the assets in that condition at the end of the concession period. 

- 82 -

Table of Contents 

================================================================================

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

Concession rights and related assets are summarized below:

As a result of the acquisition by KCS on April 1, 2005, during the third quarter of 2005, the
Company adopted KCS capitalization policy/group method of amortization. Under group method of
amortization, normal retirements are reflected as reductions accumulated amortization which
following adoption resulted in a 3.7 million reduction in expense from April 1 to December 31,
2005. During the year ended December 31, 2005, the Company engaged a civil engineering firm with
expertise in railway property usage to conduct an analysis to evaluate amortization rates for
concession rights and related assets. The analysis centered on evaluating actual historical
replacement patterns to assess future lives and indicated that we were amortizating its concession
over longest periods than we actually utilize the assets. The effect of this change in estimate
on net income was approximately 9.8 million of expense, net of tax of 3.4 million,
for the nine months ended December 31, 2005. In April 1, 2005, the Company presented
the values of concession rights and related assets net of the
accumulated amortization since that date the Company commenced its amortization using the new rates.

2005 

2004 

Land

132,812 

132,878 

Buildings

27,833 

33,113 

Bridges

85,377 

75,350 

Tunnels

104,341 

94,043 

Rail

230,949 

317,268 

Concrete and wood ties

78,884 

137,351 

Yards

119,708 

106,174 

Ballast

62,878 

107,189 

Grading

502,478 

391,808 

Culverts

14,098 

14,942 

Signals

1,066 

1,418 

1,360,424 

1,411,534 

Accumulated amortization (1)

(40,576) 

(329,500) 

Total concession rights and related
assets net

1,319,848 

1,082,034 

Amortization
of concession rights were 9,600, 36,157, 38,480 and 39,905 for the
three months ended March 31, 2005, nine months ended December 31, 2005
and for the years ended
December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively.

(1) 
 
 This amortization is for the nine months ended December 31, 2005. 

-83-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

(11) 
 
 Property, machinery and equipment- 

Pursuant to the assets purchase agreement, the Company obtained the right to acquire
locomotives and rail cars and various materials and supplies, formerly owned by FNM. The
Company also agreed to assume the outstanding indebtedness, as of the commencement of
operations, relating to certain locomotives originally acquired by FNM under capital lease
arrangements (see note 19). Legal title to the purchased assets was transferred to KCSM at that
time. Property, machinery and equipment comprise the following: 

As a result of the acquisition by KCS on April 1, 2005, during the third quarter of 2005, the
Company adopted KCS capitalization policy/group method of amortization. Under group method of
depreciation, normal retirements are reflected as reductions accumulated depreciation which
following adoption resulted in a 0.8 million reduction in expense from April 1 to December 31,
2005. During the year ended December 31, 2005, the Company engaged a civil engineering firm with
expertise in railway property usage to conduct an analysis to
evaluate depreciation rates for
concession rights and related assets. The analysis centered on evaluating actual historical
replacement patterns to assess future lives and indicated that we were amortizating its concession
over longest periods than we actually utilize the assets. The effect of this change in estimate on
net income was approximately 18.1 million of benefit, net of tax of 3.4 million, for the nine
months ended December 31, 2005. In April 1, 2005, the Company presented the values of property,
machinery and equipment net of the accumulated depreciation, since that date
the Company commenced its depreciation using the new rates. 

2005 

2004 

Locomotives

30,320 

174,939 

Freight cars

62,925 

87,136 

Machinery of workshop

4,840 

17,651 

Machinery of road

25,872 

34,517 

Terminal and other equipment

64,598 

73,837 

Track improvement

262,605 

288,065 

Buildings

5,415 

5,283 

Overhaul

76,310 

94,191 

532,885 

775,619 

Accumulated depreciation (2)

(21,816) 

(259,425) 

511,069 

516,194 

Land (1)

52,144 

26,907 

Construction in progress

30,151 

15,568 

Total properties machinery and
equipment net

593,364 

558,669 

(1) 
 
 Includes land under capital lease amounting to 2,981 and 2,981 in 2005 and 2004,
respectively. 

(2) 
 
 This depreciation is for the nine months ended December 31, 2005. 

-84-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

Depreciation of property, machinery and equipment was
 12,070, 22,250, 46,871 and
 46,957 for the three months ended March 31, 2005, for the nine
months ended December 31, 2005 and for the years ended
December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. 

(12) 
 
 Debt- 

2005 

2004 

Short-term debt:

First Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement (1)

66,376 

Capital lease

314 

373 

Current portion of fair value
adjustment arising from accounting

4,168 

Total
short-term debt and capital lease 

4,482 

66,749 

Long-term debt:

Senior notes due 2007 (2)

150,000 

150,000 

Senior discount debentures (3)

443,500 

Senior notes
due 2012 (5)

460,000 

Senior notes
due 2012 (4)

178,383 

178,131 

Term loan 2007 (6)

102,142 

First Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement (1)

67,309 

Capital lease

958 

1,255 

891,483 

840,195 

Non-current portion of fair value
adjustment arising from purchase
accounting

12,261 

Total
long-term debt and capital lease

903,744 

840,195 

-85-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

(1) 
 
 First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement due 2006 FARCA )- 

On June 24, 2004 the Company concluded negotiating with its lender for the amendments to
the Term Loan and also the refinancing of its Commercial Paper Program to extend the
final maturity date to September 17, 2006. Under the amendment, both facilities are
comprised under one single term loan named First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. Amounts outstanding under the FARCA facility are secured by a first priority
conditional pledge on the locomotives and other rolling stock owned by Arrendadora TFM. 

The FARCA was a two year term loan in the amount of 186,428 162,570 in US dollars and
 23,858 in Mexican Pesos). The U.S. dollar loan as well as the Mexican peso loan shall be payable in
consecutive semi-annual installments beginning in September 2004 and ending in September
2006 and bearing interest at Libor plus applicable margin. The obligations of the FARCA
rank at least pari passu with the other senior unsecured indebtedness. 

The average interest rate for the year ended
December 31, 2004 was 4.05 for the US
dollar portion due 2005 and 4.69 for the dollar portion due 2006,
and 10.0 for the Mexican peso portion due 2005 and 10.59 for the
Mexican peso portion due 2006. 

Interest expense related with the FARCA amounted to 1,961
and 4,040 for the three months ended March 31, 2005, and for
the nine months ended December 31, 2005,
and 4,285, for the year ended December
31, 2004. 

Waiver and Amendment to Credit Agreement- 

As of April 18, 2005, KCSM entered into a Waiver and Amendment Agreement. The Waiver and
Amendment allowed KCSM to issue the Senior notes due 2012 in a principal amount in
excess of the principal amount of Senior discount debentures outstanding and to use the
amount of proceeds from the private placement of the Senior notes due 2012 in excess of
the principal amount of the Senior discount debentures outstanding to pay accrued and
unpaid interest on the Senior discount debentures repurchased or redeemed, pay the fees
of the underwriter associated with the issuance of the Senior notes due 2012 and the
tender offer for the Senior discount debentures, pay the premium related to the tender
offer and to pay certain other expenses relating to the tender offer and the issuance of
the Senior notes due 2012. The Waiver and Amendment also amended the credit agreement to
allow KCSM to borrow up to 25.0 million from KCS, on a fully subordinated basis. 

-86-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

(2) 
 
 Senior notes due 2007- 

In June 1997, the Company issued US dollar denominated securities bearing interest
semiannually at a fixed rate of 10.25 and maturing on June 15, 2007. 

Interest expense related with the senior notes amounted
 4,041 and 12,126 for the three months ended March 31,
2005 and for the nine months ended December 31, 2005
respectively, and 16,167 for each one of the
years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003. 

(3) 
 
 Senior discount debentures SDD )- 

The US dollar denominated SDD were sold in June 1997, at a substantial discount from
their principal amount of 443,500 and no interest was payable thereon prior to June 15,
2002. The SDD will mature on June 15, 2009. The SDD yield 11.75 fixed rate at
semiannual specified date an accreted value, computed on the basis of semiannual
compounding and maturing on June 15, 2002. Interest on the SDD is payable semiannually
at a fixed rate of 11.75 , commencing on December 15, 2002. The SDD are redeemable at
the option of the Company, in whole or in part, at any time on or after June 15, 2002,
at a certain redemption price of 100 starting on June 15, 2004 from and thereafter
(expressed in percentages of principal amount at maturity), plus accrued and unpaid
interest, if any. 

Interest expense related with the SDD amounted 13,699 and
 3,222 for the three months ended March 31, 2005 and for the
nine months ended December 31, 2005 respectively, and
 54,796 for each one of the years ended December 31, 2004 and
2003. 

Cash Tender Offer and Concurrent Consent Solicitation, and Call for Redemption- 

On April 1, 2005, KCSM commenced a cash tender offer for any and all outstanding
 443,500 aggregate principal amount of its 11.75 Senior discount debentures due 2009.
On April 20, 2005, KCSM accepted for purchase tenders equal to approximately 386,000
million principal amount of the Senior discount debentures. The tender offer expired on
April 28, 2005. Concurrently with the tender offer, KCSM also solicited consents for
amendments to the indenture under which the Senior discount debentures were issued. The
consent solicitation expired on April 14, 2005. 

-87-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

KCSM received the requisite consents to amend the indenture for the Senior discount
debentures and thereby eliminated substantially all of the restrictive covenants
included therein and reduced the minimum prior notice period with respect to a
redemption date for outstanding Senior discount debentures from 30 days to 3 days. KCSM
called for redemption its outstanding Senior discount debentures that were not tendered
in KCSM s tender offer and on April 29, 2005, paid an aggregate of 60.0 million,
including principal and interest, to the holders of such Senior discount debentures.
Therefore, as of December 31, 2005, there are no Senior discount debentures
outstanding. 

(4) 
 
 Senior notes due 2012- 

In 2002, KCSM completed a solicitation of consents of holders of 10.25 Senior Notes due
2007 and 11.75 SDD due 2009 senior notes and its debentures to an amendment providing
for certain changes to the Limitation on Restricted Payments , Limitation on
Indebtedness , and Limitation on Liens covenants in each of the indentures pursuant to
which the securities were issued. KCSM obtained the requisite consents and paid a fee
of 16,972 to allow it to issue additional 180,000 in new debt and to purchase the call
options shares in Grupo TFM held by the Government (see note 17). 

In June, 2002, KCSM issued senior notes for an aggregate principal amount of 180,000.
The senior notes are denominated in dollars, bear interest semi-annually at a fixed rate
of 12.50 and mature on June 15, 2012. The senior notes are redeemable at KCSM s option
on or after June 15, 2007 and, subject to certain limitations. The senior notes were
issued at a discount of 2.5 million, which is being amortized based on the interest
method over its term. 

Interest expense related to the senior notes due 2012
amounted to 5,915 and 17,744 for the three months ended March 31,
2005 and for the nine months ended December 31, 2005 respectively and 23,659 for each one of the years ended
December 31, 2004 and 2003. 

(5) 
 
 Senior notes due 2012- 

KCSM issued 460,000 principal amount of 9 3/8 Senior notes
due 2012, or the 9 3/8 
notes, in April 2005. 

-88-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

The 9 3/8 notes are denominated in US dollars, bear interest semiannually at a fixed
rate of 9 3/8 and mature on May 1, 2012. The 9 3/8 notes are redeemable at KCSM s
option, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, on and after May 1, 2009,
upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days notice. Subject to certain conditions, up
to 35 of the principal amount of the 9 3/8 notes is redeemable prior to May 1, 2008. In
addition, the 9 3/8 notes are redeemable, in whole but not in part, at KCSM s option at
100 of their principal amount, together with accrued interest, in the event of certain
changes in the Mexican withholding tax rate. 

In connection with the 9 3/8 notes, on April 19, 2005, KCSM entered into a registration
rights agreement with the placement agents engaged in the offering of
the 9 3/8 notes,
or the Registration Rights Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights
Agreement, KCSM agreed, for the benefit of the holders of the 9 3/8 notes, at the cost
to KCSM, to use its reasonable best efforts to: 

(i) 
 
 File a registration statement with respect to a registered offer to
exchange the 9 3/8 notes for new exchange notes having terms identical in all
material respects to the 9 3/8 notes (except that the exchange notes will not
contain transfer restrictions); and 

(ii) 
 
 Complete the registered exchange offer within 270 days after the
closing date of the offering of the 9 3/8 notes of April 19, 2005. 

KCSM completed the registered exchange offer on January 13,
2006. 

Interest on each exchange note will accrue from the last interest payment date on which
interest was paid on the 9 3/8 notes surrendered in exchange therefore or, if no
interest has been paid on such 9 3/8 note, from the date of its original issue. 

-89-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

The Company incurred and accounted for as transaction costs 11.5 million in
consent and professional services fees in connection with the issuance of these notes
and is being amortized based on the interest method over the term of the senior notes. 

Interest expense related with the Senior Notes due 2012 amounted to 31,617, for the
nine months ended December 31, 2005. 

(6) 
 
 2005 KCSM Credit Agreement- 

On October 24, 2005, the Company paid all the outstanding amount of the term loan
facility. On October 24, 2005, KCSM entered into a new credit agreement, or the 2005
KCSM Credit Agreement, in an aggregate amount of up to 106,000 with Bank of
America, N.A., BBVA Bancomer, S. A., Instituci n de Banca M ltiple, Grupo Financiero
BBVA Bancomer, and the other lenders named in the 2005 KCSM Credit Agreement. Proceeds
from the credit facility were used by KCSM to pay all amounts outstanding under the
Bridge Loan Agreement, dated September 15, 2005, and all remaining amounts outstanding
under the 186.4 million Credit Agreement, dated June 24, 2004. The maturity date for
the 2005 KCSM Credit Agreement is October 28, 2008. The 2005 KCSM Credit Agreement
contains covenants that restrict or prohibit certain actions, including, but not limited
to, the Company s ability to incur debt, create or suffer to exist liens, make
prepayments of particular debt, pay dividends, make investments, engage in transactions
with stockholders and affiliates, issue capital stock, sell certain assets, and engage
in mergers and consolidations or in sale-leaseback transactions. Except for certain
circumstances, the Company s capital expenditures may not exceed certain amounts for any
period of four consecutive fiscal quarters. In addition, KCSM must meet certain
consolidated interest coverage ratios, consolidated leverage ratios, and fixed charge
coverage ratios. Failure to maintain compliance with covenants would constitute a
default. Other events of default include, but are not limited to, certain payment
defaults, certain bankruptcy and liquidation proceedings, a change of control, and
certain adverse judgments or government actions. Any event of default would trigger
acceleration of the time for payment of any amounts outstanding under the 2005 KCSM
Credit Agreement. 

On April 7, 2006, the Company entered into a Waiver and
Amendment (the 2005 Waiver and Amendment to the KCSM 2005 Credit Agreement. The KCSM 2005 Credit Agreement was amended to (i) exclude
certain payment obligations accrued under two locomotive maintenance agreements and under a track
maintenance rehabilitation agreement from the definition of Indebtedness, (ii) eliminate certain
minimum and multiple borrowing thresholds for Mexican peso borrowings under the revolving credit
facility and (iii) eliminate the reporting requirement to provide unaudited consolidated financial
statements for the fourth fiscal quarter. The 2005 Waiver and
Amendment also waived (iv) certain
reporting requirements, including the requirement to provide audited consolidated financial
statement 90 days after the end of the 2005 fiscal year, provided such reports are delivered by
April 30, 2006, and (v) compliance with the Consolidated Leverage Ratio obligations of Section
7.1(c) of the KCSM 2005 Credit Agreement for the four quarters ending December 31, 2005 if
compliance therewith was calculated without giving effect to the amendment to the definition of
 Indebtedness in the 2005 Waiver and Amendment, provided that the Company is in compliance therewith
after giving effect to the 2005 Waiver and Amendment. 

-90-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

The Company incurred and accounted for as transaction costs 1.0 million in consent and
professional services fees in connection with the issuance of this new credit agreement
and is being amortized based on the interest method over the term of the KCSM credit
agreement. 

Interest expense related with the 2005 KCSM Credit Agreement
amounted to 1,412, for the nine months ended December 31, 2005. 

Covenants- 

The agreements related to the above-mentioned loans include certain affirmative and
negative covenants and customary covenants and require the Company to maintain certain
financial ratios. KCSM and its subsidiary were in compliance with these covenants as
of December 31, 2004. As of December 31, 2005 the Company
entered into an amendment and waiver to the KCSM 2005 Credit
Agreement. 

Maturity of long-term debt as of December 31, 2005 is as follows: 

2005 

2007

150,298 

2008

102,440 

2009

298 

2010

63 

2011 and thereafter

638,384 

891,483 

(13) 
 
 Financial instruments- 

Fuel swap contracts 

The Company may occasionally seek to assure itself of more predictable fuel expenses through
U.S. fuel swap contracts. 

-91-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

Hedge positions are also closely monitored to ensure that they will not exceed actual fuel
requirements in any period. 

As a result of the fuel swaps contracts acquired during 2003, the realized gain was 849. 

The Company had not acquired any fuel future contracts during 2005 and 2004 therefore, the
Company did not have any fuel futures contracts at December 31, 2005 and 2004. 

Foreign exchange contracts 

The purpose of the Company s foreign exchange contracts is to limit the risks arising from its
Mexican peso-denominated monetary assets and liabilities. 

The nature and quantity of any hedging transactions will be determined by KCSM management based
upon net assets exposure and market conditions. 

As of December 31, 2005, the Company had two Mexican peso call options outstanding in the
notional amount of 1.2 million and 1.7 million, respectively, based on the average exchange
rate of Ps13.00 and 12.50 each one per dollar. These options expired on September 6 and
May 30, 2006, respectively. The premiums paid were 16 and 34, respectively, and were
expensed since these contracts did not qualify for hedge accounting. 

As of December 31, 2005 and 2004 the Company did not have any outstanding forward contracts. 

As of December 31, 2003, the Company had two Mexican peso call options outstanding in the
notional amount of 11.8 million and 1.7 million, respectively, based on the exchange rate
of Ps13.00 and Ps.12.50 per dollar. These options expired on September 8, and May 29, 2004,
respectively. The premiums paid were 250 and 40, respectively. 

-92-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

Foreign currency balances 

At December 31, 2005 and 2004 the Company had monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
Mexican pesos of Ps1,079 million and Ps545 million and of Ps1,057 million
and Ps290 million, respectively. At December 31, 2005 and
2004 the exchange rate was
Ps10.64 and Ps11.14 per US dollar, respectively. 

(14) 
 
 Balances and transactions with related parties- 

2005 

2004 

Accounts receivable: (1)

Tex Mex Railroad

1,337 

Nafta Rail
(2)

13,578 

KCS (4) 

20,928 

KCS 
receivable related to Mexrail (3)

31,398 

Other Grupo
TMM subsidiaries

171 

35,843 

31,569 

Accounts payable: (1)

KCS (5)

12,897 

746 

Terminal Ferroviaria del Valle de
M xico, S. A. de C. V.

402 

3,068 

Tex-Mex Railway

93 

13,299 

3,907 

(1) 
 
 The accounts receivable and payable due from or due to related parties were driven
by the services disclosed in the transactions with related parties. 

(2) 
 
 This amount is comprised primarily of a loan receivable
 denominated in Mexican pesos of Ps138,670 13,036), bearing
 interest at Tasa de Inter s Interbancario de Equilibrio
 TIIE plus 350 basis points. TIIE is the benchmark
 for the Mexican interbank money market. 

(3) 
 
 As of December 31, 2004 this amount represented the price
 for KCS to acquire the 49 ownership of Mexrail. With the
 acquisition of Grupo TFM by KCS, the Company has indirect
 ownership of KCSM s remaining 49 interest,
 for that reason this amount was reclassified to investment as of
 December 31, 2005. (see note 1) 

(4) 
 
 This balance is comprised mainly of severance and relocation
reserves of 15.3 million, which did not affect our results. 

(5) 
 
 During 2005, these balances were affected by capital expenditures
of 3.8) million, which did not affect our results, and other
recurring transactions. 

-93-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

The most
important transactions with related parties are summarized as follows: 

Successor 

Predecessor 

Predecessor 

Nine months 

Three months 

ended 

ended 

Year ended December 31, 

December
31, 

March
31, 

2005 

2005 

2004 

2003 

Transportation
revenues

346 

8,148 

13,784 

Terminal
service

(10,713) 

(8,605) 

Car lease

394 

(91) 
 
 (2,482) 

(2,256) 

Locomotive
and car repair

158 

22 

123 

8 

Management
fee(a)(b)

(312) 
 
 (2,500) 

(2,500) 

Locomotive equipment lease 

5,503 

3,638 

2,127 

Transition cost

(3,006) 

Severance and Relocation

15,300 

Capital Expenditures

(3,766) 

Administrative
and Expatriates

(504) 

(768) 

Other

(48) 

(2,498) 
 
 448 

299 

The principal services sold by KCSM were general freight and
locomotive equipment lease and the principal services received by
KCSM were terminal services, care hire and management services. These
services are usually negotiated with related parties on a cost-plus
basis. 

-94-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

(a) 
 
 Grupo TMM management services agreement- 

The Company and Grupo TMM entered into a management services agreement
pursuant to which Grupo TMM provides certain consulting and management services to
the Company commencing May 1997 for a term of 12 months and which may be renewed
for additional one-year periods by agreement of the parties. 

Under the terms of the agreement, Grupo TMM is to be reimbursed for its costs and
expenses incurred in the performance of such services. 

The agreement was terminated on April 1, 2005, upon the consummation of the acquisition
by KCS from Grupo TMM of all of its shares of Grupo TFM. 

(b) 
 
 KCS Transportation Company KCSTC management services agreement- 

The Company and KCSTC, a wholly owned subsidiary of KCS, entered into a management
services agreement pursuant to which KCSTC makes available to the Company certain
railroad consulting and management services commencing May 1997 for a term of 12 months
and which may be renewed for additional one-year periods by agreement of the parties.
Under the terms of the agreement, KCSTC is to be reimbursed for its costs and expenses
incurred in the performance of such services. 

The agreement was terminated on April 1, 2005, upon the consummation of the acquisition
by KCS from Grupo TMM of all of its shares of Grupo TFM. 

Amendments- 

On April 30, 2002, KCSM and KCS, as successor in interest through merger with
KCSTC, as well as KCSM and Grupo TMM, entered into amendments to the management services
agreements that provides for automatic annual renewal of the agreements and compensates
KCS and Grupo TMM for their services under the agreements. The amendments state that
KCS and Grupo TMM each are entitled to receive management fees equivalent to an annual
rate of 1,250,000. The management services agreements are terminable by either party
upon 60 days written notice. 

-95-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

(c) 
 
 Association in Participation Agreement- 

On June 23, 1997, Grupo TFM and KCSM, entered into an Association in Participation
Agreement under which KCSM shall have the right to participate in the profit, or
losses, derived from the sale by Grupo TFM of 469,300,000 of KCSM s shares. 

The sale of the shares covered by this agreement shall be made no later than the
fifteenth anniversary of the date of this agreement. In exchange, KCSM has transferred
to Grupo TFM an amount equal to 593,438 which Grupo TFM used to make the second
payment of the stock purchase agreement. The agreement also provides that Grupo TFM
shall supply to KCSM all of its knowledge and experience for the exclusive purpose of
assuring that the operations of KCSM be optimized and, consequently, to increase the
value of KCSM shares. 

The price obtained from the sale of KCSM s shares covered by this agreement shall
be applied as follows: (a) first, to return KCSM the payment of the principal amount of
its non-interest bearing receivable; (b) second, to the taxes which may result from the
sale of the KCSM s shares covered by this agreement, and (c) the remainder, if any,
shall be distributed proportionally between KCSM and Grupo TFM up to an amount of
 35,000 to 3,195,000 depending on the sale date, with 99 to KCSM and 1 to Grupo TFM
and finally, the remaining amounts, if any, shall be distributed 1 to KCSM and 99 to
Grupo TFM. Grupo TFM and KCSM may by their mutual consent amend the
Association in Participation Agreement, including the requirement
that the shares covered by the Agreement be sold no later than the
fifteen anniversary, at any time. 

(d) 
 
 Intercompany transactions- 

KCSM and Grupo TFM have internal arrangements under which each company may receive or
transfer money in accordance with its cash requirements. As of December 31, 2005 and
2004, KCSM has a non-interest bearing on demand receivable from Grupo TFM of 67,716 and
 67,684, respectively, mainly due for the transfer that KCSM, made to Grupo TFM in order
to permit that Grupo TFM make the second payment of the stock purchase agreement. 

-96-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

(15) 
 
 Accounts payable- 

December 31, 

2005 

2004 

Suppliers

61,048 

57,169 

Car hire

7,894 

8,171 

Freight charges due other railroads

4,724 

31,962 

Purchased services

22,931 

14,207 

Insurance reserve

14,963 

4,746 

Severance and relocation reserve

9,895 

Freight car repairs reserve

5,484 

6,728 

Other

18,229 

8,850 

145,168 

131,833 

(16) 
 
 Other long term liabilities and deferred credits 

December 31, 

2005 

2004 

Fair value
adjustment related to unfavorable lease and maintenance contract
arising from pushdown accounting

54,252 

Alstom transportes (1)

10,540 

13,867 

Overhaul Alstom

14,600 

General Electric

6,275 

Taxes payable (2)

9,956 

Seniority premium

1,180 

1,037 

Other

344 

344 

87,191 

25,204 

(1) 
 
 Relates to an account payable due to a track maintenance and rehabilitation agreement, net of
fair value adjustments arising from purchase accounting. 

(2) 
 
 Withholding tax payable derived from senior discount debentures due in 2009 (see
note 12). 

-97-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

(17) 
 
 Stockholders equity- 

On June 23, 1997, Grupo TFM, as associator, and KCSM, as associated, entered into an
Association in Participation Agreement under which KCSM has the right to participate in the
profit, or losses as the case may be, derived from the sale by Grupo TFM of 469.3 million of
KCSM s shares. The sale of the shares covered by this agreement was to have been made no
later than the fifteenth anniversary of the date of this agreement unless otherwise agreed to
by Grupo TFM and KCSM. In exchange, KCSM transferred to Grupo TFM an
amount equal to 593.4 million, which Grupo TFM used to make the second payment of the stock
purchase agreement. 

In addition to the 593.4 million described above, there is an additional 67.7 million
receivable from the parent. These amounts have been recorded as a reduction of stockholders 
equity (Note 14(c)(d)). 

Prior to September 12, 2005, the Company was owned 80.0 by Grupo TFM, which represents 100.0 
of the Company s shares with full voting rights, and 20.0 by the Mexican government, which
held shares with limited voting rights. As of April 1, 2005, KCS owns 100 of the shares of
Grupo TFM with full voting rights and, as a result, is the Company s indirect controlling
shareholder. As a result of the VAT/ PUT Settlement Agreement entered into between the
Company, Grupo TFM, KCS, Grupo TMM and the Mexican government, the potential obligation of
KCS, Grupo TFM and Grupo TMM to acquire the Mexican government s 20 ownership of the Company
has been eliminated. 

Likewise, as a result of the VAT/ PUT Settlement the Company s bylaws were amended on
September 9, 2005 in order to reflect the cancellation of the Class III shares of stock and
the special rights inherent to such class of shares. 

On September 9, 2005, the Company s subsidiary, Arrendadora TFM, acquired one share of the
Company s stated capital from Grupo TFM. 

-98-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

The following table sets forth information with respect to the ownership of the Company s
outstanding shares of stock. The Company s capital stock is divided into Class I Shares,
representing the minimum fixed portion of the Company s stated capital, and Class II Shares,
representing the variable portion of the Company s stated capital. Each class of shares is
divided into two different series of shares, the Company s Series A Shares, without par value,
and the Company s outstanding Series B Shares, without par value. The Series A Shares can be
held only by individuals or companies of Mexican nationality, or by foreigners expressly
authorized by the National Commission of Foreign Investments to hold such shares. The Series B
Shares can be held by individuals or companies of Mexican and non-Mexican nationality. The
Series A Shares and the Series B Shares are subdivided into Classes I and II. At all times,
Series A Shares must represent 51.0 of the Company s capital.

Shareholder 
 
 Shares 

Class I 

Class II 

Series A 

Series B 

Series A 

Series B 

A-1 

A-2 

B-1 

B-2 

A-1 

A-2 

B-1 

B-2 

Grupo
Transportaci n
Ferroviaria
Mexicana, S.A. de
C.V. 

2,299 

359,973,850 

1,250 

345,857,228 

740 

204,691,012 

55,710 

196,608,914 

Arrendadora TFM,
S.A. de C.V. 

1 

Subtotal 

2,300 

359,973,850 

1,250 

345,857,228 

740 

204,691,012 

55,710 

196,608,914 

Total 
 
 1,107,191,004 

The Mexican government retained its 20 interest in the Company in connection with the
privatization of the Company s rail lines in 1997, and pursuant to the KCSM Share Purchase
Agreement, the Mexican government had the right, subject to certain conditions, to require
Grupo TFM to purchase such interest at the original Mexican peso purchase price per share paid by
Grupo TFM for its 80.0 interest in KCSM, indexed to account for Mexican inflation. If Grupo
TFM did not purchase the Mexican government s interest, the Mexican government might require
Grupo TMM and KCS, or either Grupo TMM or KCS alone, to purchase the KCSM shares at this price
and release Grupo TFM from its obligation.

-99-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

The price of the Mexican government s interest, as indexed for Mexican inflation, was
approximately 1,570.3 million Unidades de
Inversion UDIs ). On November 3, 2003,
the Ministry of Transportation notified Grupo TFM that it had complied with the requirements for the exercise of its put
rights as set out in the KCSM Share Purchase Agreement and that all procedures required to
execute the sale of the Mexican government s KCSM shares would be made through the Mexican
Treasury. Grupo TFM requested that a federal court review the Ministry of Transportation s
communications with respect to the Mexican government s put rights.

On April 1, 2005, KCS and Grupo TMM completed a transaction under which KCS acquired control
of the Company through the purchase of shares of the common stock of
Grupo TFM. As a result of this transaction, KCS has a
controlling interest in Grupo TFM and, by virtue of Grupo TFM s ownership interest in the
Company, KCS has a controlling interest in the Company.

On September 12, 2005, the Company, Grupo TFM, and KCS, along with the Mexican holding company
Grupo TMM, entered into a settlement agreement with the Mexican government resolving and
terminating the controversies and disputes between the companies and the Mexican government
concerning the payment of the VAT refund to the Company derived from the privatization, and
the purchase of the remaining shares of the Company owned by the Mexican government. As a
result of this settlement, KCS and its subsidiaries now own 100 of Grupo TFM and the Company,
and the Mexican government remaining 20 ownership interest in the Company has been
eliminated; the potential obligation of KCS, Grupo TFM and Grupo TMM to acquire the Mexican
government s remaining 20 interest in the Company, has been eliminated, and the legal
obligation of the Mexican government to issue the VAT refund to the Company has been
satisfied. There were no cash payments made by any party under the settlement agreement. In
addition, the parties have entered into mutual releases of all existing and potential claims
relating to the VAT and PUT litigation, and have dismissed all of the existing litigation
between the parties.

-100-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

(18) 
 
 Income tax, employee statutory profit sharing, asset tax, and tax loss carryforwards- 

Income tax 

Current income tax expense represents the amounts expected to be reported on the Company s
income tax return, and deferred tax expense or benefit represents the change in net deferred tax
assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the
difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities are measured
by enacted tax rates that will be in effect when these differences reverse. Valuation allowances
are used to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount considered likely to be realized.

Tax Expense- 

Income tax provision (benefit) consists of the following components:

Successor 

Predecessor 

Predecessor 

Nine months 

Three months 

ended 

ended 

December 31, 

March 31, 

Year ended December 31, 

2005 

2005 

2004 
 
 2003 

Current

Income Tax

7,630 

10,763 

Tax on Assets

296 

Total current

296 

7,630 

10,763 

Deferred

Deferred income tax
provision (benefit)

(1,760) 

(1,420) 

(3,095) 
 
 (60,911) 

Total deferred

(1,760) 

(1,420) 

(3,095) 
 
 (60,911) 

Total income tax provision
(benefit)

(1,464) 

(1,420) 

4,535 

(50,148) 

According to the amendments to the Mexican Income Tax Law in 2004, the income tax rate will
decrease one percent per year from 30 starting in 2005 down to 28 in 2007.

-101-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

Deferred Tax in Additional Paid in Capital- 

Income tax decrement (increment) to additional paid in capital consists of the following components: 

Successor 

Predecessor 

Predecessor 

Nine months 

Three months 

ended 

ended 

December 31, 

March 31, 

Year ended December 31, 

2005 

2005 

2004 

2003 

Total income tax in
Additional Paid in Capital

49,774 

Write off of
the investment in Mexrail, Inc. Income tax effect due
to the deinvestment in Mexrail, Inc. in 2004
that affected balance sheet accounts consists of the following
components (in thousands of USD) :

Successor 

Predecessor 

Predecessor 

Nine months 

Three months 

ended 

ended 

December 31, 

March 31, 

Year ended December 31, 

2005 

2005 

2004 

2003 

Write off of
the investment in Mexrail, Inc.

(8,034) 

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the
deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as follows:

2005 

2004 

Liabilities:

Machinery & Equipment

47,708 

36,140 

Concession rights

277,462 

229,140 

Gross deferred tax liabilities

325,170 

265,280 

Assets:

Loss carryovers

(421,753) 

(429,158) 

Inventories and provisions

(50,535) 

(30,130) 

Gross deferred tax assets

(472,288) 

(459,288) 

Net deferred tax asset

(147,118) 

(194,008) 

-102-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

Tax Rates- 

Differences between the Company s effective income tax rates and the Mexican income tax
statutory rate of 30 are as follows:

Successor 

Predecessor 

Predecessor 

Nine months 

Three months 

ended 

ended 

December 31, 

March 31, 

Year ended December 31, 

2005 

2005 

2004 

2003 

Income tax provision using
the Statutory rate in effect

25,809 

(151) 

(1,353) 

(5,566) 

Tax effect of:

Inflationary and devaluation
components

9,163 

1,836 

13,783 

13,273 

Profit sharing

(1,967) 

3,804 

Tax indexation of
depreciation and amortization

(2,262) 

(505) 

(17,574) 

(89,313) 

Net exchange losses

8,975 

1,199 

7,088 

(11,749) 

Inflation and remeasurement
of loss carryforwards

(12,526) 

(3,539) 

(24,263) 

40,211 

Non-deductible expenses

1,101 

10 

453 

1,863 

Change in tax rates

306 

(447) 

25,437 

(2,013) 

Write off of deferred profit
sharing

10,105 

VAT Settlement

(42,311) 

Tax on
Assets

296 

Other Net

(120) 

177 

2,931 

(658) 

Income tax provision
(benefit)

(1,464) 

(1,420) 

4,535 

(50,148) 

Effective tax rate

(2) 

282 

(111) 

306 

-103-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

Employees Statutory Profit Sharing- 

Employees Statutory Profit Sharing provision
(benefit) consists of the following components:

Successor 

Predecessor 

Predecessor 

Nine months 

ended 

Three months 

December 31, 

ended March 31, 

Year ended December 31, 

2005 

2005 

2004 

2003 

Deferred Profit Sharing

41,081 

547 

(6,556) 

(11,528) 

Deferred Profit Sharing in Additional Paid in Capital- 

Deferred profit sharing decrement (increment) to additional paid in capital consists of the following components:

Successor 

Predecessor 

Predecessor 

Nine months 

ended 

Three months 

December 31, 

ended March 31, 

Year ended December 31, 

2005 

2005 

2004 

2003 

Total profit sharing in
additional paid in capital

43,596 

The profit sharing effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant
portions of the deferred profit sharing assets and deferred profit sharing liabilities are
as follows:

2005 

2004 

Liabilities:

Machinery
 
Equipment

23,344 

20,293 

Concession rights

16,661 

76,380 

Gross deferred profit sharing liabilities

40,005 

96,673 

Assets:

Loss carryovers

(151,991) 

Inventories and provisions

(11,124) 

(1,025) 

Gross deferred tax assets

(11,124) 

(153,016) 

Net deferred profit sharing liability (asset)

28,881 

(56,343) 

The Company recognizes deferred profit sharing taxes for the 10 profit sharing effect of
temporary differences. The Mexican Tax authorities challenged the Company s calculation of
deferred profit sharing in the late 1990 s, but the Company prevailed with a Supreme Court
ruling in 1999, followed by a Tax Authority release acknowledging the Company s ability to
continue to calculate profit sharing the way it had been, as well as the Company s
ability to utilize NOL carry forwards in the calculation of Profit Sharing. Due to a technical
amendment to the Income Tax Law in 2002, the Mexican Tax Authorities have been able to reassert
their earlier objections. As a result of a Supreme Court Ruling in
2005, in which it was
determined that the NOL carry forward may not be deducted in the calculation of profit sharing, we no longer deduct NOLS from prior years.

-104-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

Asset tax- 

The Asset Tax Law establishes a tax of 1.8 on the average of assets, less certain liabilities,
which is payable when it exceeds the income tax due. In 2005, the company determined a net Tax on
Assets of 296. There was no asset tax due in 2004 or 2003.

NOL carryforwards- 

At December 31, 2005, the Company and its subsidiaries had combined tax loss carry forwards, which
under the Mexican Income Tax Law are inflation-indexed through the date of utilization as shown in
the following table:

Inflation-indexed 

amount as of 

Year in which loss 
 
 December 31, 

arose 
 
 2005 

Year of expiration 

1997

32,722 

2046 

1998

387,428 

2046 

1999

10,354 

2046 

2000

182,617 

2046 

2001

78,654 

2046 

2002

451,011 

2012 

2003

328,019 

2046 

2005

30,049 

2015 

1,500,854 

Although the Company has generated book profits, it has
incurred tax losses due primarily to the
accelerated tax amortization of the concession rights. The Company has recognized a deferred income
tax asset for the resulting net operating loss carry forward and may continue to recognize
additional amounts in the next few years. Management anticipates that such net operating loss carry
forwards will be realized given the long carry forward period (through the year 2046) for
amortization of the concession, as well as the fact that the Company except to generate taxable
income in the future. The Company s tax projections take into consideration certain assumptions,
some of which are under its control and others which are not. Key assumptions include inflation
rates, currency fluctuations and future revenue growth.

-105-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

(19) 
 
 Commitments and contingencies- 

Commitments: 

Concession duty- 

Under the Concession, the Government has the right to receive a payment from the Company
equivalent to 0.5 of the gross revenue during the first 15 years of the Concession period and
1.25 during the remaining years of the Concession period. For the
three months ended March 31, 2005 and for the nine months ended
December 31, 2005 and
for the years ended 2004 and 2003 the concession duty expense amounted to 872, 2,985, 3,359 and 3,599,
respectively, which was recorded within operating expenses. 

Capital lease obligations- 

At December 31, 2005 and 2004, the outstanding indebtedness corresponds to two land capital
leases for a period of ten years, in which KCSM has the option to purchase at the end of the
agreement term. 

Locomotive operating leases- 

In
May 1998, the Company entered into an operating lease agreement for
75 locomotives, which expire over the next 13 years. At the end of
the contract s term the locomotives will be returned to the
lessor. Rents under this
agreement amounted 3.2 million and 11.2 million for the
three months ended March 31, 2005 and for the nine months
ended December 31, 2005, respectively, and 14.4 million in 2004 and 2003. 

-106-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

Future minimum payments, by year and in the aggregate, under the aforementioned leases as of
December 31, 2005, are as follows: 

Year ending December 31, 

2006

14,419 

2007

14,419 

2008

14,419 

2009

14,419 

2010 and thereafter

134,464 

192,140 

On November 2, 2005 the Company ended the El-Mo-Mex, Inc. operating lease agreement by a
termination of trust agreement in which KCSR and Nafta Rail, S.A. de C.V. acquired 75
locomotives. Therefore at December 31, 2005 the Company had only 75 locomotives under lease
agreement. 

This resulted in an additional capital contribution from KCSM s parent as the holder of the
lease of 12.4 million as follows: 

Decrease in Property and equipment

(1.6) 

Increase in deferred income tax and deferred profit sharing
liabilities- net

(6.7) 

Decrease in non current liabilities

20.7 

Increase in additional paid in capital

(12.4) 

Net adjustment

-107-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands 
of Mexican pesos (Ps), except per share amount)

Railcars operating leases-

The Company leases certain railcars pursuant to operating lease agreements. The term of the
contracts vary between 3 and 15 years. Future minimum rental payments as of December 31, 2005
under these agreements are as follows:

Year ending December 31, 

2006

38,578 

2007

34,465 

2008

27,741 

2009

22,932 

2010 and thereafter

54,792 

178,508 

Locomotives maintenance agreements -

The
Company has entered into two locomotive maintenance agreements, which
expire in 2009 and 2018 with third-party contractors. Under current arrangements, the contractors
provide both routine maintenance and major overhauls at an established rate in a range from
four to five hundred dollars per locomotive per day.

Track maintenance and rehabilitation agreement -

In May 2000, the Company entered into a track maintenance and rehabilitation agreement,
which expires in 2012. Under this contract, the contractor provides both routine maintenance
and major rehabilitation to the Celaya L zaro C rdenas stretch, which is comprised of
approximately 350 miles. Maintenance and rehabilitation expense
amounted to 0.8 for the three months ended March 31, 2005,
 2.6 for the nine months ended December 31, 2005, 3.4 million in 2004 and 3.4 million in 2003. Under this agreement, the Company
estimates receiving futures services totalling 37 million in
the following 6 years.

-108-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts
in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands of Mexican pesos (Ps), 
except number of shares)

Contingencies :

(a) 
 
 Value added tax VAT lawsuit- 

The VAT lawsuit VAT Claim arose out of the Mexican Federal Treasury s delivery of a
VAT credit certificate to a Mexican governmental agency rather than to KCSM in 1997.
The face value of the VAT credit at issue is 2,111,111,790 Mexican pesos or approximately
 196.0 million in US dollars, based on current exchange rates. The amount of the VAT
refund will, in accordance with Mexican law, reflect the face value of the VAT credit
adjusted for inflation and interest from 1997. 

Under the terms of the January 31, 1997 share purchase agreement through which Grupo
TFM agreed to purchase the shares of KCSM, as amended by the parties on June 9, 1997
(the KCSM Share Purchase Agreement ), the Mexican government has the right to compel
the purchase of its 20 interest in KCSM (referred to as the Put by Grupo TFM
following its compliance with the terms and conditions of the KCSM Share Purchase
Agreement. Upon exercise of the put in accordance with the terms of the KCSM Share
Purchase Agreement, Grupo TFM would be obligated to purchase the KCSM capital stock at
the initial share price paid by Grupo TFM adjusted for interest and inflation. 

On September 12, 2005, the Company, Grupo TFM, and KCS,
along with Grupo TMM, entered into a settlement agreement with the Mexican government
resolving and terminating the controversies and disputes between the companies and the
Mexican government concerning the payment of the value added tax, or VAT, refund to the
Company derived from the privatization, and the purchase of the remaining shares of the
Company owned by the Mexican government. As a result of this settlement, KCS and its
subsidiaries now own 100 of Grupo TFM and the Company, and the Mexican government s
remaining 20 ownership interest in the Company has been eliminated; the potential
obligation of KCS, Grupo TFM and Grupo TMM to acquire the Mexican government s
remaining 20 interest in the Company, has been eliminated; and the legal obligation of
the Mexican government to issue the VAT refund to the Company has been satisfied. 

-109-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts
in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands of Mexican pesos (Ps), 
except number of shares)

There were no cash payments made by any party under the settlement agreement. In
addition, the parties have entered into mutual releases of all existing and potential
claims relating to the VAT refund and the put litigation, and have dismissed all of the
existing litigation between the parties. 

(b) 
 
 Ferrocarril Mexicano, S. A. de C. V. Ferromex disputes- 

Disputes Relating to Payments for the use of Trackage and Haulage Rights and Interline
Services. KCSM and Ferrocarril Mexicano, S.A. de C.V. Ferromex both initiated administrative
proceedings seeking a determination by the Secretaria de Comunicaciones y Transportes Secretariat of Communications and Transports or SCT of the rates that we should pay each
other in connection with the use of trackage and haulage rights and interline and terminal
services. The SCT, on March 13, 2002, issued a ruling setting the rates for trackage and haulage
rights. On August 5, 2002, the SCT issued a ruling setting the rates for interline and terminal
services. KCSM and Ferromex appealed both rulings and, following trial and appellate court
decisions, the Mexican Supreme Court on February 24, 2006, in a ruling from the bench, sustained
KCSM s appeal of the SCT s trackage and haulage rights ruling, vacating the ruling and ordering the
SCT to issue a new ruling consistent with the Court s opinion. KCSM has not yet received the
written opinion of the Mexican Supreme Court relating to the decision announced on February 24,
2006, nor has the Mexican Supreme Court decided the interline and terminal services appeal. We
believe that even if the rates set in 2002 become effective, there will be no material adverse
effect on our results of operation. 

Disputes Relating to the Exercise of Trackage Rights. KCSM and Ferromex are also parties
to various civil cases involving disputes over the application and proper interpretation of the
mandatory trackage rights, none of which we believe to be material individually or in the
aggregate. 

-110-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts
in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands of Mexican pesos (Ps), 
except number of shares)

Disputes Relating to the Scope of the Mandatory Trackage Rights. In August 2002, the SCT
issued rulings determining Ferromex s trackage rights in Monterrey and KCSM s trackage rights in
Altamira. KCSM and Ferromex both appealed the SCT s rulings. At the administrative federal court
level, KCSM obtained favorable rulings in both cases. Ferromex appealed these rulings. In
connection with the Altamira proceedings, on August 10, 2005, an appellate court granted Ferromex s
appeal and ordered the Administrative Federal Court determined to vacate its prior resolution and
issue a new resolution declaring as null and void the SCT s determination that KCSM s trackage
rights should include access to the Port of Altamira. In connection with the Monterrey
proceedings, the case was remanded to the Administrative Federal Court with instructions to
consider additional arguments before issuing its ruling. KCSM is
still awaiting that ruling but does not expect that ruling would have
a material adverse effect on its results of operations. 

-111-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts
in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands of Mexican pesos (Ps), 
except number of shares)

(c) 
 
 1997 tax audit summary- 

KCSM was served on January 20, 2004 with an official letter notifying KCSM of the
Mexican government s preliminary findings and conclusions arising from its tax audit of
KCSM s 1997 tax returns Tax Audit Summary ). In the Tax Audit Summary, the Mexican
government notified KCSM of its preliminary conclusion that the documentation provided
by KCSM in support of the VAT refund claim and depreciation of the KCSM concession
title, and the assets reported on KCSM s 1997 tax return do not comply with the
formalities required by the applicable tax legislation. In addition, the Mexican
government attached the Special Certificate pending resolution of the audit. KCSM has,
within the time allowed by the Tax Audit Summary, contested the conclusions of the
Mexican tax authorities. On March 16, 2005, KCSM was notified by the Mexican Fiscal
Administration Service Servicio de Administracion Tributaria or the SAT that it
had finished its audit of KCSM s 1997 tax returns. In the notice, the SAT affirmed its
preliminary findings described above and continued the attachment of the Special
Certificate. The SAT failed to assess taxes or penalties within the
time allowed by law, rendering the tax audit null, void and without
any legal effect. 

-112-

Table of Contents 

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE MEXICO, S. A. DE C. V. AND SUBSIDIARY 
(Formerly known as TFM, S. A. de C. V.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts
in thousands of US dollars ) or thousands of Mexican pesos (Ps), 
except number of shares)

The SAT failed to assess taxes or penalties within the time allowed by law, rendering
the tax audit null, void and without any legal effect. 

(d) 
 
 SCT Sanction Proceedings 

On April 6, 2006 and April 7, 2006, the SCT initiated sanction proceedings against us, arguing
that we failed in the years 2004 and 2005 to make the capital investments projected under the five year plan filed
with the SCT. We must answer the SCT s letter of April 6th
before May 2, 2006, and the letter of April 7th by
May 4, 2006. In each case we anticipate providing the SCT with arguments explaining the Company's capital
investment program and arguing that it is not appropriate for the SCT to sanction the Company. We believe that
even if the threatened SCT sanctions become effective, there will be no material adverse effect on the Company. 

(e) 
 
 Other- 

The Company is a party to various other legal proceedings and administrative actions
arising in the ordinary course of business. Although it is impossible to predict the
outcome of any legal proceeding or administrative action, in management s opinion, such
proceedings and actions should not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a
material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. 

-113-

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

There were no disagreements with accountants on accounting and financials disclosure matters.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company s Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Financial Officer have reviewed and
evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act )), as of the end of the fiscal year for which this annual report on Form 10-K is filed. Based
on that evaluation, the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Financial Officer have
concluded that the Company s current disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and include controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in such reports is
accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Chairman of the Board of
Directors and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.

The
Company s internal controls over financial reporting continues to experience changes following
the acquisition and change of control on April 1, 2005, during the last fiscal quarter of the
fiscal year for which this annual report on Form 10-K is filed. These changes in internal
control have been deemed not to have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

We
are continuing to evaluate possible changes that we may have to
undertake in the Company s internal controls and accounting
policies and procedures as a result of the acquisition by KCS on
April 1, 2005. KCSM will complete its Sarbanes-Oxley Act
Section 404 compliance program no later than December 31,
2006.

Item 9B. Other Information 

Not applicable

PART III 

Items 10, 11, 12 and 13. Directors and Executive Officers of the Company, Executive Compensation,
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, and Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions 

Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2) to Form 10-K.

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
following table presents the aggregate fees for professional audit services and other
services rendered by PricewaterhouseCoopers, S.C., our previous independent accountants to KCSM and
Grupo TFM for the year ended December 31, 2004 and by KPMG
C rdenas Dosal S.C. our independent
accountants to KCSM and Grupo TFM for the year ended December 31, 2005.

-114-

Table of Contents 

(Figures in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2004 

2005 

Audit fees (1) 

109.6 

474.7 

Audit-related fees (2) 

109.1 

51.0 

Tax fees (3) 

All other fees (4) 

115.5 

38.2 

Total

334.2 

563.9 

(1) 
 
 Audit fees include fees for services performed by the independent
accountants for the audit or review of financial statements. Audit fees also include
fees for services provided by the independent accountants in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements, comfort letters, statutory audits, attest
services, consents and assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC. 

(2) 
 
 Audit-related fees include fees for employee benefit plan audits,
accounting consultations and audits in connection with internal control reviews, attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning
financial accounting and reporting standards. 

(3) 
 
 Tax fees include fees for tax compliance, tax planning and tax
advice. Tax compliance generally involves preparation of original and amended tax
returns, claims for refund and tax payment-planning services. Tax planning and tax
advice encompass assistance with tax audits and appeals, employee benefit plans and
requests for rulings or technical advice from taxing authorities. 

(4) 
 
 All other fees include fees for services other than those described
in the above categories. 

(5) 
 
 During the year 2005, we paid audit fees by 264.0 to PWC,
our previous independent auditors corresponding to audit 2004. 

Each of KCSM s and Grupo TFM s board of directors pre-approves annually specific audit
and non-audit services that may be performed by PWC, as well as the budgeted fee levels for each of
these services. PWC provided for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2002, 2003 and 2004 a report
to each of KCSM s and Grupo TFM s board of directors in order for each of KCSM s and Grupo TFM s
board of directors to review the services that PWC provided , as well as the status and cost of
those services. KPMG C rdenas Dosal S.C.
our independent accountant is providing this
services for the year ended
December 31, 2005.

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

The following documents are filed as part of this report:

(a)(1) Financial Statements: 

The consolidated financial statements required under this item are included under Item 8.

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit 

3.1 

Current Corporate By-laws (Estatutos Sociales) of Kansas City Southern
de M xico, S.A. de C.V. (formerly known as TFM, S.A. de C.V.), as
amended and restated on December 2, 2005, together with an English
translation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our
Registration Statement on Form S-4, File No. 333-129566)

4.1 

Indenture, dated as of June 16, 1997, among TFM, Grupo TFM, The Bank of
New York, as Trustee, and Bankers Trust Luxembourg, S.A., as a Paying
Agent, covering up to 150,000,000 of TFM s 10.25 Senior Notes due
2007 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our
Registration Statement on Form F-4, File No. 333-8322)

-115-

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit 

4.2 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 21, 2002, among TFM,
Grupo TFM, S.A. de C.V., as guarantor, The Bank of New York, as
trustee, and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A., as the paying agent, to the
Indenture, dated June 16, 1997 (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 2.2 of our annual report on Form 20-F for fiscal year 2002,
File No. 333-102222)

4.3 

Indenture, dated as of June 13, 2002, between TFM and The Bank of New
York, as Trustee, covering up to 180,000,000 of TFM s 12.50 Senior
Notes due 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of our
Registration Statement on Form F-4, File No. 333-8322)

4.4 

Indenture, dated as of April 19, 2005, between TFM and The Bank of Nova
Scotia Trust Company of New York, covering up to 460,000,000 of TFM s
9 3/8 Senior Notes due 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 4.2 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2005,
File No. 333-8322)

4.8 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2005, between TFM
and the Placement Agents (incorporated herein by reference to our
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2005, Filed
No. 333-08322)

10.1 

Concession title granted by the Secretaria de Comunicaciones y
Transportes (Ministry of transportation) SCT in favor of Ferrocarril del Noreste, S.A. de C.V., FNE ), dated December 2, 1996, together with an English translation
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of our Registration
Statement on Form F-4, File No. 333-8322)

10.2 

Amendment,
dated February 12, 2001, of Concession title granted by the
Ministry of Transportation in favor of TFM, formerly known as FNE, December 2, 1996, together with
an English translation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2
from TFM and Grupo TFM s Annual Report on Form 20-F for fiscal year
2000)

10.3 

Sale Purchase Agreement respecting Capital Stock of FNE, among the
United Mexican States (through the
Ministry of Transportation), FNE and Ferrocarriles Nacionales
de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. FNM ), dated December 2, 1996, together with
an English translation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.2
of our Registration Statement on Form F-4, File No. 333-8322)

10.4 

Sale Purchase Agreement respecting Property and Equipment, among the
United Mexican States (through the
Ministry of Transportation), FNE and FNM, dated December 2,
1996, together with an English translation (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 2.3 of our Registration Statement on Form F-4,
File No. 333-8322)

10.5 

Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 16, 2004, by and among
TFM, KCS and Grupo TMM, S.A. de C.V. (incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 4.7 of our annual report on Form 20-F for fiscal year 2004,
File No. 333-8322)

10.6 

Omnibus
Agreement, dated June 9, 1997, among Grupo TFM, Caymex
Transportation, Inc., TMM Multimodal, S.A. de C.V. and FNM, together
with an English translation (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.5 of our Registration Statement on Form F-4, File No.
333-102222)

10.7 

English
translation of the Purchase-Sale Agreement, dated July 29, 2002,
by and between TFM, FNM and Nacional Financiera, S.N.C., Institucion
de Banca de Desarrollo (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.16 of our Registration Statement on Form F-4, File No. 333-102222)

10.8 

Credit
Agreement dated as of October 24, 2005, among TFM, as Borrower,
Arrendora TFM, S.A. de C.V., as Guarantor, Bank of America, N.A. as
Administrative Agent, BBVA Bancomer, S.A. Institucion de Banco
Multiple, Grupo Financiero BBVA Bankcomer, as Collateral Agent, and
BBVA Securities, Inc. and Banc of America Securities, LLC as
Arrangers (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 10.9 of our
Registration Statement on Form S-4, File No. 333-129566)

10.9 

Compliance
and Settlement Agreement dated as of September 12, 2005 among
TFM, Grupo TFM, Kansas City Southern, and the Federal Government of
the United Mexican States (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 333-83220)

10.10 

Amendment
No. 1 and Waiver No. 1 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of
April 7, 2006 among KCSM, as Borrower, Arrendaderra TFM, S.A. de C.V., as Guarantor, Bank of America, as
Administrative Agent, BBVA Bancomer, S.A. Instituci n de Banco
Multiple, Grupo Financiero BBVA Bancomer, as Collateral Agent, and
certain other Lenders, is attached
hereto as Exhibit 10.10.

12.1 

Computation
of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges is attached hereto as
Exhibit 12.1

-116-

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit 

31.1 

Certification of Michael R. Haverty, Chairman of the Board of Directors
of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 is attached hereto as Exhibit 31.1.

31.2 

Certification of Ronald G. Russ, Chief Financial Officer of the
Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is
attached hereto as Exhibit 31.2.

32.1 

Certification
of Michael R. Haverty,
Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, and Ronald G. Russ,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is attached
hereto as Exhibit 32.1.

-117-

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized as of April 12, 2006.

Kansas City Southern de M xico, S.A. de C.V. 

By 
 
 /s/ Michael R. Haverty 

Michael R. Haverty 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement on
Form S-4 has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Michael R. Haverty

Michael R. Haverty

Chairman of the Board of Directors
(Principal Executive Officer)

April 12, 2006 

/s/ Ronald G. Russ

Ronald G. Russ

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial
Officer and Principal
Accounting Officer)

April 12, 2006 

/s/ Michael R. Haverty

Michael R. Haverty

Chairman of the Board of Directors

April 12, 2006 

/s/ Arthur L. Shoener

Arthur L. Shoener

Director

April 12, 2006 

/s/
James R. Jones 

James R. Jones

Director

April 12, 2006 

/s/
Robert B. Terry 

Robert B. Terry

Director

April 12, 2006 

/s/
Larry M. Lawrence 

Larry M. Lawrence

Director

April 12, 2006 

-118-

<EX-10.10>
 2
 c03885exv10w10.htm
 AMENDMENT TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT

exv10w10 

Exhibit 10.10 
EXECUTION COPY 

AMENDMENT No. 1 and WAIVER No. 1 
TO THE 
CREDIT AGREEMENT 

dated as of April 7, 2006 

among 

Kansas City Southern de M xico, S.A. de C.V. 
(formerly known as TFM, S.A. de C.V.), 
as Borrower 

ARRENDADORA TFM, S.A. de C.V., 
as Guarantor 

CERTAIN LENDERS, 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
as Administrative Agent, 

and 

BBVA BANCOMER, S.A., INSTITUCI N DE BANCA M LTIPLE, GRUPO 
FINANCIERO BBVA BANCOMER, 
as the Collateral Agent 

THIS AMENDMENT No. 1 AND WAIVER NO. 1 TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT , dated as of April 7, 2006 (this
 Amendment ), is entered into among Kansas City Southern de M xico, S.A. de C.V. (formerly known as
TFM, S.A. de C.V., a corporation with variable capital sociedad an nima de capital variable organized under the laws of Mexico (the Borrower ), Arrendadora TFM, S.A. de C.V., a corporation
with variable capital sociedad an nima de capital variable organized under the laws of the Mexico Arrendadora ), each of the lenders that is a signatory hereto under the caption LENDERS on the
signature pages hereto and each other Person that becomes a Lender after the date hereof pursuant
to Section 11.8(b) of the Credit Agreement, as defined below (each a Lender ), Bank of
America, N.A., as the administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its
successors in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), and BBVA Bancomer, S.A., Instituci n de
Banca M ltiple, Grupo Financiero BBVA Bancomer, as the collateral agent for the Beneficiaries (as
defined in the Credit Agreement) (in such capacity, together with its successors in such capacity,
the Collateral Agent ).

RECITALS 

WHEREAS , the Borrower, the Guarantor, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral
Agent have entered into the Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2005 (the Credit
Agreement 

WHEREAS , the parties hereto desire to amend the Credit Agreement as set forth below, in
accordance with Section 11.3 of the Credit Agreement, subject to the conditions set forth
herein; and

WHEREAS , the parties hereto desire to waive certain obligations of the Borrower under the
Credit Agreement, subject to the conditions set forth herein,

NOW THEREFORE , for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

SECTION 1. Certain Defined Terms . Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement.

SECTION 2. Amendments . (a) The parties hereto hereby agree that the definition of
 Indebtedness in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement shall be deleted and the following
definition shall be inserted in proper alphabetical order:

Indebtedness shall mean, with respect to any Person at any date of determination (without
duplication):

(a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money;

(b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar
instruments;

Amendment No. 1 and Waiver 
No. 1 to the Credit Agreement 

2

(c) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of acceptances,
letters of credit, financial guaranty insurance policies or similar instruments;

(d) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of Property or services
(other than current trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of such Person s business
and other than the Specified Deferred Payment Obligations);

(e) all obligations of such Person as lessee under Capitalized Leases (but not operating
leases);

(f) all Guarantees of such Person in respect of obligations of the kind referred to in
clauses (a) through (e) and (h) of this definition;

(g) all Indebtedness of other Persons secured by a Lien on any Property of such Person,
whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by such Person; provided that the amount of such
Indebtedness shall be the lesser of (i) the fair market value of such Property at such date
of determination and (ii) the amount of such Indebtedness; and

(h) to the extent not otherwise included in this definition, net obligations to make
payments under Swap Agreements.

The amount of Indebtedness of any Person at any date shall be the outstanding balance at
such date of all unconditional obligations as described above and, with respect to
contingent obligations, the maximum liability upon the occurrence of the contingency giving
rise to the obligation; provided that, in the case of clause (h) above, the amount of
Indebtedness shall be the mark-to-market amount of such obligations at such date.

(b) The parties hereto hereby agree to add the following definition in Section 1.1 of the
Credit Agreement which shall be inserted in proper alphabetical order:

Specified Deferred Payment Obligations mean all payment obligations as in effect as of
April 1, 2006 with respect to: (a) the locomotive maintenance agreements with each of Alstom
Transporte, S.A. de C.V. and GETS Locomotive Services, S.A. de C.V., and (b) a track
maintenance rehabilitation agreement with Alstom Transporte, S.A. de C.V. that accrue and
are recorded on the Borrower s balance sheet. Such payment obligations are set forth on
Schedule I to the Amendment No. 1 and Waiver No. 1 to the Credit Agreement dated as of April
7, 2006 among Kansas City Southern de M xico, S.A. de C.V., Arrendadora TFM, S.A. de C.V.,
each of the lenders that is a signatory thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as the
administrative agent and BBVA Bancomer, S.A., Instituci n de Banca M ltiple, Grupo
Financiero BBVA Bancomer, as the collateral agent.

(c) The parties hereto hereby agree to eliminate the minimum and the multiple borrowing thresholds
of the Tranche A2 Loans that the Borrower may request on a Borrowing Date under Section
2.1(b)(i) , such that such Tranche A2 Loans may be borrowed in any amount.

(d) The parties hereto hereby agree that Section 6.2(b) of the Credit Agreement shall be
deleted and substituted with the following:

(b) as soon as available, and in any case within 45 days of the end of each of the first
three fiscal quarters of each year, beginning with the fiscal quarter ending on September
30, 2005, the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and

Amendment No. 1 and Waiver 
No. 1 to the Credit Agreement 

3

its Consolidated Subsidiaries in respect of such fiscal quarter prepared in accordance with
GAAP, consistently applied (except as otherwise discussed in the notes to such financial
statements), which financial statements shall present fairly in accordance with GAAP
(subject to absence of footnotes), the financial condition of the Borrower and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of the relevant fiscal quarter of each fiscal year
and the results of the operations of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for such
fiscal quarter; provided that for so long as the Borrower files a Form 10-Q with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, the furnishing by the Borrower to the Administrative
Agent of such Form 10-Q for each fiscal quarter of the Borrower shall satisfy the Borrower s
obligation to provide the financial statements contemplated in this clause (b); 

SECTION 3. Waiver . (a) The parties hereto hereby waive the reporting requirements in
 Section 6.2(a) of the Credit Agreement, requiring that the Borrower shall deliver to the
Administrative Agent the information contained therein within 90 days of the end of each fiscal
year with respect to fiscal year 2005, provided that such reports shall be delivered to the
Administrative Agent by April 30, 2006.

(b) The parties hereto hereby waive the reporting requirements in Section 6.2(b) of
the Credit Agreement, requiring that the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent within
45 days of the end of the last fiscal quarter of 2005 the reports contained therein.

(c) The parties hereto hereby waive the reporting requirements in Section 6.2(c) of
the Credit Agreement, requiring that the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent updated
financial projections of the Borrower for the three year period commencing on January 1, 2006 by
March 31, 2006, provided that such projections shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent no
later than April 30, 2006.

(d) The parties hereto hereby waive the requirement in Section 6.2(d) of the Credit
Agreement with respect to the delivery of a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower
concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements pursuant to Section 6.2(a) and
 (b) with respect to the end of fiscal year 2005, provided that such certificate shall be
delivered to the Administrative Agent no later than April 30, 2006.

(e) The parties hereto hereby waive compliance with the obligations of Section 7.1(c) 
of the Credit Agreement for the four quarters ending December 31, 2005 if compliance therewith was
calculated without giving effect to the amendment to the definition of Indebtedness set forth in
 Section 2(a) above, provided that the Borrower is in compliance therewith after giving
effect to such amendment.

SECTION 4. Representations and Warranties . Each of the Borrower and each Guarantor
represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lender that:

(a) The representations and warranties made in the Credit Agreement are (or after giving
effect hereto will be) true and correct as if made on the date hereof.

(b) The execution and delivery by each of the Borrower and the Guarantor of this Amendment and
the performance by it of its obligations hereunder (i) are within its corporate

Amendment No. 1 and Waiver 
No. 1 to the Credit Agreement 

4

powers, (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and (iii) do not and
will not contravene or conflict with any provision of (A) its organizational documents, (B) any
Applicable Law, decree, judgment, award, injunction or similar legal restriction in effect, except
to the extent that any contravention thereof is not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse
Effect or (C) any document or other contractual restriction binding upon or affecting it or any of
its Properties, except to the extent that any contravention thereof is not reasonably likely to
have a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 5. Effect of Amendment . All provisions of the Credit Agreement, except as
expressly amended and modified by this Amendment, shall remain in full force and effect. After this
Amendment becomes effective, all references in any Loan Document (or any other document) referring
to the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Credit Agreement as amended by this
Amendment. This Amendment shall not be deemed to expressly or impliedly waive, amend or supplement
any provision of the Credit Agreement other than as expressly set forth herein.

SECTION 6. Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective on the date when the
Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Amendment duly executed and delivered
by each of the Borrower, the Guarantor, each Agent and the Majority Lenders and the following
documents, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent:

(a) 
 
 certified copies of the Organizational Documents of the Borrower and the
Guarantor (unless such Organizational Documents have not been modified since the
Effective Date (other than the modification to the Borrower s Organizational Documents
to change the name of TFM, S.A. de C.V. to Kansas City Southern de M xico, S.A. de
C.V., which was effective on December 2, 2005), as certified by an authorized officer
of the Borrower or the Guarantor, as applicable), and 

(b) 
 
 if required by Applicable Law, documents (including appropriate resolutions of
its shareholders or the Board of Directors or similar body) evidencing due
authorization of the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Amendment by the
Borrower and the Guarantor, or a certification from an authorized officer of the
Borrower and the Guarantor if such documents are not required by Applicable Law. 

SECTION 7. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND
OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND BE GOVERNED BY THE
LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (NOT INCLUDING SUCH STATE S CONFLICT OF LAWS PROVISIONS OTHER THAN
SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW).

SECTION 8. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed on any number of separate
counterparts (including by fax or electronic delivery), and all of such counterparts taken together
shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.

SECTION 9. Section Headings . The various headings of this Amendment are inserted for
convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Amendment (or the
Credit Agreement).

Amendment No. 1 and Waiver 
No. 1 to the Credit Agreement 

5

SECTION 10. Loan Document . The parties hereto hereby acknowledge and agree that this
Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other
Loan Documents.

REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK 

Amendment No. 1 and Waiver 
No. 1 to the Credit Agreement 

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Amendment as of the day and
year first above written.

KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN DE M XICO, S.A. DE C.V., 
as Borrower 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ARRENDADORA TFM, S.A. DE C.V., 
as Guarantor 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Amendment No. 1 and Waiver 
No. 1 to the Credit Agreement 

S-1

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
as Administrative Agent 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Amendment No. 1 and Waiver 
No. 1 to the Credit Agreement 

S-2

BBVA BANCOMER, S.A., INSTITUCI N DE 
BANCA M LTIPLE, GRUPO 
FINANCIERO BBVA BANCOMER, 
as Collateral Agent 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Amendment No. 1 and Waiver 
No. 1 to the Credit Agreement 

S-3

Schedule I 

Payment Schedule for Service Agreement Indebtedness 

(Amounts in millions)

Rehabilitation and track maintenance on Line N 

Alstom Transporte S.A. De C.V.

2006

2.5 

2007

2.4 

2008

2.2 

2009

2.1 

2010

1.9 

2011

1.8 

2012

1.0 

13.9 

Locomotive and maintenance agreements 

Alstom Transporte S.A. De C.V. and 

GETS Locomotive Services S.A. de C.V.

Alstom 
 
 GETS 
 
 Total 

2006

4.5 

3.8 

8.3 

2007

4.6 

3.9 

8.5 

2008

4.8 

1.7 

6.5 

2009

2.0 

0.4 

2.3 

15.9 

9.8 

25.6 

Schedule I to the Amendment 
No. 1 and Waiver No. 1 to the 
Credit Agreement 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-12.1>
 3
 c03885exv12w1.htm
 COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

exv12w1 

Schedule of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
(in thousands of U.S. dollars, except ratio data) 

Successor 

Predecessor 
 
 Predecessor 

Nine months 

Three Months 

ended 

Ended March 31, 

December 31 

Year ended December 31, 

2005 

2005 
 
 2004 

2003 

2002 

2001 

Income (loss) before income taxes and minority
interest

85,023 

504 

(4,101) 

(16,370) 

46,917 

100,705 

Equity Method

1,466 

(41) 

(282) 

(1,269) 

915 

VAT/PUT Settlement

(141,035) 

Interest expenses on indebtedness

70,402 

25,616 

102,706 

103,818 

93,705 

81,611 

Amortization of capitalized interest

1,803 

1,614 

6,994 

6,413 

6,073 

4,431 

Portion of rents representative of an appropriate
interest factor

14,971 

4,592 

18,015 

18,791 

18,421 

17,889 

Income (loss) before income taxes and minority
interest Adjusted

32,630 

32,326 

123,573 

112,370 

163,847 

205,551 

Fixed charges: 

Interest expenses on indebtedness

70,402 

25,616 

102,706 

103,818 

93,705 

81,611 

Amortization of capitalized interest

1,803 

1,614 

6,994 

6,413 

6,073 

4,431 

Portion of rents representative of an appropriate
interest factor (1) 

14,971 

4,592 

18,015 

18,791 

18,421 

17,889 

Total fixed charges

87,176 

31,822 

127,715 

129,022 

118,199 

103,931 

Ratio of earnings to fixed charges 

N/A 

1.0 

1.0 

N/A 

1.4 

2.0 

For 2003, 2005 and for the nine months ended December 31, 2005, our earning were insufficient to
cover fixed charges by 16.6 million, 57.0 million and 54.5 million, respectively 

(1) 
 
 Rents represent one-third of rents expense. 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 c03885exv31w1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 - MICHAEL R. HAVERTY

exv31w1 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Michael R. Haverty, the Chairman of the Board of Directors and principal executive officer
of Kansas City Southern de M xico, S.A. de C.V. (the registrant ), certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the registrant;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and

the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date:
April 12, 2006

By: /s/ Michael R. Haverty 
Michael R. Haverty 
Chairman of the Board and Principal Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 c03885exv31w2.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 - RONALD G. RUSS

exv31w2 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Ronald G. Russ, the Chief Financial Officer of Kansas City Southern de M xico, S.A. de C.V.
(the registrant ), certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the registrant;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report;

3. Based
on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and

the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date:
April 12, 2006

By: /s/ Ronald G. Russ

Ronald G. Russ 
Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 c03885exv32w1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 - MICHAEL R. HAVERTY AND RONALD G. RUSS

exv32w1 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Kansas City Southern de M xico, S.A. de C.V. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Michael R. Haverty, Chairman of the
Board of Directors and principal executive officer of the Company, and Ronald G. Russ, chief
financial officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.

/s/ Michael R. Haverty 
Michael R. Haverty 
Chairman of the Board and Principal Executive Officer 
April 12, 2006

/s/ Ronald G. Russ 
Ronald G. Russ 
Chief Financial Officer 
April 12, 2006

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Kansas
City Southern de M xico, S.A. de C.V. and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

