<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20060316_10-K_edgar_data_1008817_0000950135-06-001661.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1211126</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>314007</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>649016</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950135-06-001661.hdr.sgml : 20060316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060316172520
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950135-06-001661
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20051231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SAPIENT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001008817
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				043130648
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28074
		FILM NUMBER:		06693204

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MEMORIAL DR
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02142
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6176210200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MEMORIAL DRIVE
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02142

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 IUJ2yxkm5RqRtSLW7m48Ga3fcuxeIvBrVhn+MS+oDS/wwDkwLT3JbXGFTNeIhbOA
 qBFe05ReoDcUmKYLRoIBmQ==

 0000950135-06-001661.txt : 20060316

10-K
 1
 b58465sce10vk.htm
 SAIENT CORPORATION

e10vk 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
 from to 

Commission file number:
 0-28074 

Sapient Corporation 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 

04-3130648 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

25 First Street, Cambridge, MA 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

02141 
 (Zip Code) 

617-621-0200 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

[None] 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if
changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Act: 

None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
Act: 

Common Stock, .01 par value per share 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Exchange
Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 405 of
Regulation S-K is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of
registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any
amendment to this
Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a
 non-accelerated filer.
See definition of accelerated filer and large accelerated
filer in
Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange
Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2005 the aggregate market value of the
registrant s common stock held by
 non-affiliates of the
registrant was 648,525,051 based on the closing sale price as
reported on the National Association of Securities Dealers
Automated Quotation System National Market System.

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the
issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest
practicable date.

Class 
 
 Outstanding at March 6, 2006 

Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share

124,349,603 shares 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

ANNUAL REPORT ON
FORM 10-K 

For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2005 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Item 1. 

Business 

1 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

7 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

13 

Item 2. 

Properties 

14 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

14 

Item 4. 

Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
 Holders 

14 

Item 4A. 

Executive Officers of Sapient 

14 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
 Securities 

16 

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data 

17 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

18 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
 About Market Risk 

42 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data 

43 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with
 Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

85 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

85 

Item 10. 

Directors and Executive Officers of the
 Company 

86 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

86 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
 Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

86 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related
 Transactions 

87 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

87 

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement
 Schedules 

88 

Signatures 

89 

EX-10.5 Director Compensation Matter 
 EX-21 List of Subsidiaries 
 EX-23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 EX-31.1 Section 302 Certification of CEO 
 EX-31.2 Section 302 Certification of CO-CEO 
 EX-31.3 Section 302 Certification of CFO 
 EX-32.1 Section 906 Certification of CEO 
 EX-32.2 Section 906 Certification of CO-CEO 
 EX-32.3 Section 906 Certification CFO 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements contained in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K 
constitute forward-looking statements within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All
statements included in this Annual Report, other than statements
of historical facts, regarding our strategy, future operations,
financial position, estimated revenues, projected costs,
prospects, plans and objectives are forward-looking statements.
When used in this Annual Report, the words will, 
 believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, expect, project 
and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain
these identifying words. We cannot guarantee future results,
levels of activity, performance or achievements, and you should
not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our
actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in
these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors,
including the risks described in Part I, Item 1A,
 Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report.
Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential
impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint
ventures or strategic investments. In addition, any
forward-looking statements represent our expectation only as of
the day this Annual Report was first filed with the SEC and
should not be relied on as representing our expectations as of
any subsequent date. While we may elect to update
forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we
specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our
expectations change.

i

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

General 

Sapient Corporation Sapient or the
 Company ), a business innovator, provides business,
marketing and technology consulting services. Sapient was
founded based on a single promise: to do whatever it takes to
deliver the right business results for our clients, on time and
on budget. We deliver on this promise by applying our unique
approach, breakthrough thinking and disciplined execution,
helping our clients to achieve success at a rate nearly three
times the industry average.(1) We relentlessly focus on
developing new ways to create value for our clients by
significantly changing, or replacing, business processes,
operations, capabilities and business models. Sapient is
headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts and maintains a global
presence with offices in the United States, Canada, Germany,
India and the United Kingdom.

Our Global Distributed Delivery GDD model enables
us to perform services on a continuous, basis, through client
teams located in North America, Europe and India. This model
accelerates the speed with which we deliver projects and
significantly enhances the returns on our clients business
investments. Our GDD model involves a single, coordinated effort
between development teams in a remote location (typically highly
skilled business, technology, and creative specialists in our
New Delhi and Bangalore, India offices) and development and
client teams in North America or Europe. To work effectively in
this globally distributed environment, we have built extensive
expertise and processes in managing business specifications and
project management issues between the various development teams
that are necessary to enable continuous project work. Through
our GDD model, we believe that we deliver greater value to
our clients at a competitive cost and in a more rapid timeframe.
In addition to solution design and implementation, most of our
long-term engagement and outsourcing relationships engage GDD.

We deliver our services in the United States (U.S.) primarily
through three industry business units: (i) Financial
Services, Automotive, Consumer and Energy, (ii) Technology,
Education, Communications and Health Care, and
(iii) Government. Internationally, we deliver services
primarily through our United Kingdom, Germany and Canadian
business units. Within the international business units, we
focus our sales and delivery efforts on certain industry
specializations. Both our U.S. and international business units
consist of people based in our India offices. Through our global
industry focus, we have developed an extensive understanding of
our clients markets and can effectively address the market
dynamics and business opportunities that our clients face. This
understanding further enables us to identify and focus on
critical areas to help our clients grow, perform, and innovate.
Further information about our international operations and our
operating segments is located in Note 19 in the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual
Report. For a presentation of the financial information about
the geographic areas in which we conduct our business, please
see Item 7 Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations and Note 19 in the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements. The principal risks and uncertainties
facing our business, operations and financial condition are
discussed in Part I, Item 1A in this Annual Report.

Our clients include global and regional leading companies within
the countries in which we provide services, and represent
several industries, such as technology, telecommunications,
energy, financial services, automotive, health care, education,
consumer/retail and travel. Additionally, we provide services to
federal, state and local government clients within the U.S., and
to provincial and other governmental entities in Canada and
Europe. We derive long term or recurring revenues
from several client relationships, which are revenue commitments
of one year or more in which our client has committed spending
levels to Sapient, or chosen us as an exclusive provider of
certain services. In 2005, recurring revenues represented 34 of
our

1 Nearly three times the industry average 
 is Sapient s track record for delivering the right
requirements, on time and on budget as compared to an industry
benchmark which is created and measured by an independent third
party research firm, The Standish Group.

1

Table of Contents 

global services revenues. Additionally, in 2005 our five largest
clients accounted for approximately 26 of our revenues in the
aggregate, and one client, Sprint (formerly Nextel, prior to
merger of Nextel and Sprint in August, 2005), accounted for more
than 10 of such revenues.

We provide our services under both fixed price, fixed time and
time and materials contracts. We price our work based on
established rates that vary according to our consultants 
experience levels, roles and the geographic locations.

Our time and materials contracts include arrangements in which
we perform services based on an estimated fee range, or in which
we cap our total Fees. Under capped time and materials
engagements in which we agree to complete certain deliverables
for the client during the project, we assume the risk that we
have estimated the correct level of effort and time frame to
complete the deliverables at a cost that does not exceed the cap.

In fixed price, fixed time contracts, similarly, we assume the
risk of estimating correctly the scope of work and resources
required, and undertaking rigorous project management throughout
an engagement, to ensure we deliver the project on time and on
budget. We may recognize losses or lower profitability on fixed
price contracts if we do not successfully manage the foregoing
risks. Additionally, these risks are magnified with respect to
large projects, (which we are entering into more frequently) and
multi-staged projects in which we perform our scope and labor
estimates, and fix the total project price through
implementation, at an early stage of an engagement.

Within the past twelve months, we have completed two strategic
acquisitions that significantly augment our service capabilities
and the value we can provide to our clients. On June 1,
2005, we acquired Business Information Solutions, LLC, a
privately-held provider of SAP-related professional services,
specializing in business intelligence solutions. This
acquisition greatly enhances our SAP and business intelligence
know-how and skills, and increases our opportunities within the
rapidly growing SAP services market. We believe our clients will
benefit from our expertise and thought leadership concerning the
latest SAP products and solutions, including Business
Information Warehouse, Strategic Enterprise Management, data
analytics, NetWeaver, other New Dimension products
and energy specific solutions. This expertise, combined with our
GDD model and methodology, will enable clients to realize
superior returns from their investments in SAP. Additionally,
the acquisition enables us to offer a much broader variety of
value-added ERP integration, upgrade and maintenance
services related to SAP products and SAP s Netweaver
platform.

On January 3, 2006, we acquired Planning Group
International, Inc. PGI ), a Miami-based integrated
marketing agency that specializes in online, offline and
multi-channel marketing strategies and programs. Through this
acquisition, we have enhanced our strengths in advertising,
digital and direct marketing, brand development, data mining,
customer acquisition and loyalty, paid search, and media
planning and buying strategies and services. Additionally, we
now can provide our clients a clear understanding of the
effectiveness of their media spend using
BridgeTrack ,
a proprietary online marketing and analysis platform. We believe
that our combination with PGI expands our opportunities to help
our clients exploit the possibilities created by the rapid
evolution of media, advertising, and technology and derive
measurable value from their marketing investments.

Sapient was incorporated in Delaware in 1991. Our executive
offices are located at 25 First Street, Cambridge,
MA 02141, and our telephone number is
(617) 621-0200. 
Our stock trades on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol
 SAPE. Our Internet address is
http://www.sapient.com. Material contained on our Web site is
not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. Unless
the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report
to Sapient, we, us or
 our refer to Sapient Corporation and its
subsidiaries.

Our Services 

We help our clients achieve outstanding results from their
customer relationships, business operations, and technology. We
do this across five service areas: business &
information technology IT strategy, business
applications, business intelligence, marketing and outsourcing.

2

Table of Contents 

Business & IT Strategy 

We devise business and IT strategies that improve our
clients competitive position and performance, as well as
the value they realize from their IT portfolio. We combine
our deep expertise in diverse technologies and our understanding
of each client s business issues to achieve breakthrough
thinking that aligns, and creates a roadmap for the achievement
of, our clients business objectives. Further, we can,
typically within six to twelve weeks, redefine clients 
supporting organizational and business processes and develop a
plan to achieve an optimal application portfolio. Our primary
areas of expertise are:

Business-process consulting 

Business applications & enterprise architecture planning 

E-business &
 web strategy 

IT governance & advisory services 

Program management office 

Business Applications 

Our substantial industry expertise and understanding of our
clients customers, partners, competitors and processes
enable us to rapidly define user requirements and gain alignment
among the client decision makers. Additionally, we apply our
expertise in business processes, enabling technologies and
applications, and user-centered design to, create business and
technology solutions that achieve substantial returns on our
clients investments. We maintain expertise in both custom
software development and working with existing software
packages, such as application integration packages, content
management and delivery systems, customer relationship
management software and order management systems. Our primary
areas of expertise are:

Business applications 

Customer relationship solutions 

Custom & package applications 

Enterprise resource planning 

Supply chain solutions 

Web solutions 

We have many years of experience working with technologies that
can improve our clients businesses, including more than
14 years of experience with client/server and UNIX
solutions, more than 13 years of experience integrating
package applications with legacy systems, more than
11 years of experience with Internet solutions and more
than 9 years of experience with wireless technologies. More
recently, we have been an early implementer of new technologies
such as Microsoft.NET, Web Services, SAP, and Business Process
Management platforms. We combine this technology expertise with
our design skills and our deep understanding of user needs to
ensure that our client solutions are effectively adopted by
their intended audiences.

Marketing 

By combining our expertise in user insight, award-winning design
and technology, we deliver solutions that enable our clients to
increase customer demand, drive profitable customer
relationships and build brand awareness. Furthermore, we apply
our breadth of experience in the implementation of integrated
marketing strategies and technologies, and our significant
marketing, web, and customer research skills, to solve our
clients most challenging business problems. Our primary
areas of expertise are:

Experience marketing 

Media planning and buying 

3

Table of Contents 

Campaign creation and execution 

Brand strategy & development 

Merchandising 

Marketing technologies 

Research & analytics 

Web solutions 

Business Intelligence 

We understand the complexities associated with converting data
into business value. We apply our expertise to align multiple
stakeholders across our clients organization, cleanse and
aggregate data from disparate systems and create data storage
and retrieval solutions that optimize our clients business
intelligence. Our primary areas of expertise are:

SAP Business Intelligence solutions 

Data warehousing 

Business intelligence 

Research & analytics 

Outsourcing 

Sapient views its outsourcing relationships as opportunities to
fundamentally impact, grow, and innovate our client s
business. Our clients can expect us to deliver high value,
fulfill our commitments, keep their business secure, provide new
ideas to improve their business, and provide teams that are
aligned with their long-term goals.

We manage our clients critical applications, processes,
and operations utilizing our GDD model, both for solutions
that we develop and for third party systems. A growing
percentage of our business consists of multi-year outsourcing
contracts with our clients to provide combinations of these
services. Our outsourcing services help our clients realize
significant long-term value from their technology investments.
Our primary areas of expertise are:

Application design & development 

Application management 

Legacy application transition 

Operations management 

Sourcing strategy 

Quality Assurance & testing 

The Sapient Approach 

Our unique methodology, Sapient Approach is designed to address
the biggest problem that most companies face when pursuing
business-enabling technology and other projects: the majority of
projects never finish, are completed late or over budget, lack
promised capabilities, or contain unused functionality. We
employ a collaborative, agile-based delivery approach, in which
we develop and release in an iterative manner usable components
of a deliverable, thus enabling our clients to review, validate
and commence use of work product throughout the life cycle of a
project, rather than await the end of the project to realize the
project s full benefits. While this delivery approach
provides clients the most value in the shortest possible time
period, it also minimizes project risk because discrete pieces
of work are tested and accepted throughout the project.

4

Table of Contents 

Sapient Approach also enables us to commit to delivering our
solutions within the price and schedule that we have promised to
our clients. Further, our approach enables us to create
solutions that bring together business, user and technology
requirements to solve our clients business problems. We
design these solutions to deliver tangible business value to
clients including increased revenues, reduced costs and more
effective utilization of assets.

Our Competitive Advantages 

We believe that the following competitive differentiators enable
our clients to derive substantial benefits from our services:

We are driven to make a difference impact. We
 are passionate about making a difference and fundamentally
 impacting the manner in which companies and industries operate.
 That we perform at nearly three times better than the industry
 average (per The Standish Group see prior footnote)
 reflects our passion and commitment to providing superior
 returns for our clients. 

We are committed to our clients success. We define
 our success by our clients success and the value that our
 clients achieve from the services we deliver. We have
 established, and pride ourselves on, a reputation of doing
 whatever it takes to meet our clients objectives.
 Further, our client feedback reveals that we consistently exceed
 expectations in key areas, including business value derived and
 overall experience. 

We deliver the right results on time and on budget. Our
 clients value us for delivering the right industry expertise and
 technologies to solve their most complex business problems, and
 creating solutions that achieve high adoption by end users and
 substantial business value. Throughout our 15 year history,
 we have developed a formidable legacy of delivering client
 solutions on-time and
 on-budget. This on
 time, on budget legacy helps clients avoid the lost business
 value that frequently occurs as a result of projects never being
 completed, finishing late or over budget, or lacking promised
 capabilities. 

We offer a unique combination of creativity and
 discipline. We have accumulated valuable assets and
 expertise that enable us to produce innovative, smart solutions
 for our clients. We continuously challenge ourselves and our
 clients to innovate through breakthrough ideas, and to exercise
 the discipline necessary to implement those ideas rapidly and
 efficiently. 

We are great to work with. Creating and maintaining
 outstanding relationships with our clients is fundamental to our
 success. Our excellent client relationships derive from
 involving clients deeply in the projects and solutions we
 deliver for them, establishing and maintaining a high degree of
 trust, our forthright and direct approach to client
 interactions, our constant focus on doing the right thing for
 the client, and our strength in making the overall experience in
 working with Sapient positive and enriching. In fact, from our
 2005 client feedback survey results, 99 of our clients stated
 they enjoyed the experience of working with us. 

Strategic Context, People and Culture 

We have established and continuously promote a strong corporate
culture based on our strategic context 
purpose, core values, vision, goals and client value
proposition, which is critical to our success.

Our unwavering attention to the Company s strategic context
has enabled us to adapt to and thrive in a fast-changing market,
as we strive to build a great company that has a long-lasting
impact on the world. Recognizing this unique element of our
business, Harvard Business School (HBS) published a case study
on Sapient in 2004. HBS now teaches the case in an
organizational and leadership class.

To foster and encourage the realization of our strategic
context, we reward teamwork and evaluate our people s
performance, and promote people, based on their adoption of and
adherence to the strategic context. In addition, we conduct an
intensive orientation program to introduce new hires to our
culture, and conduct internal communications and training
initiatives that define and promote our culture.

5

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2005, we had 3,017 full-time
employees, consisting of 2,495 project personnel,
465 general and administration personnel and 57 sales
and marketing personnel. None of our employees are subject to a
collective bargaining agreement. We believe that we have good
relationships with our employees.

Selling and Marketing 

Our marketing team strives to cultivate and sustain client
loyalty, and to make Sapient our clients preferred
innovation partner. To build Sapient s brand awareness in
markets in which we operate, we conduct marketing initiatives at
the company, industry, and service levels in the countries we
operate.

Our dedicated marketing personnel undertake a variety of
marketing activities, including developing and implementing our
overall marketing strategy, communicating and strengthening our
brand and reputation, sponsoring focused multi-client events to
build relationships and share our thought leadership,
cultivating media and industry analyst relations, conducting
market research and analysis, sponsoring and participating in
targeted conferences, creating marketing assets to assist
client-development teams and publishing our web site,
www.sapient.com.

We organize our sales professionals primarily along industry
lines, both within our U.S. and international business units. We
believe that the industry and geographic focus of our sales
professionals enhances their knowledge and expertise in these
industries and generates additional client engagements.

We continue to actively build relationships and strategic
alliances with technology and other consulting companies,
including packaged technology vendors. These relationships focus
on a wide range of joint activities, including working on client
engagements, evaluating and recommending the other party s
technology and other solutions to customers, and training and
transferring knowledge regarding the other party s
solutions. We believe that these relationships and strategic
alliances enable us to provide better delivery and value to our
existing clients and attract new clients through referrals and
joint engagements.

Competition 

The markets for the services we provide are highly competitive.
We believe that we compete principally with large systems
consulting and implementation firms, offshore outsourcing
companies, marketing agencies and clients internal
information systems departments. To a lesser extent we compete
with boutique consulting firms that maintain specialized skills
and/or are geography based. With respect to our government
services practice, we both compete and partner with large
defense contractors.

We believe that the principal competitive factors in our markets
include: ability to solve business problems; ability to provide
innovative solutions; expertise and talent with advanced
technologies; global scale; expertise in delivering complex
projects through teams located in globally distributed
geographies; quality and speed of delivery; price of solutions;
industry knowledge; technology-enabled marketing expertise;
understanding of user experience; and sophisticated project and
program management capabilities.

We believe that we compete favorably when considering these
factors, and that our ability to deliver business innovation and
outstanding value to our clients on time and on budget, our
GDD model, and our successful track record in doing so,
distinguishes us from our competitors.

Intellectual Property Rights 

We rely upon a combination of trade secrets, nondisclosure and
other contractual arrangements, and copyright and trademark laws
to protect our proprietary consulting methodology,
custom-developed software and other rights. We enter into
confidentiality agreements with our employees, subcontractors,
vendors, consultants and clients, and limit access to and
distribution of our proprietary information.

Our services involve the development of business, technology and
marketing solutions for specific client engagements. Ownership
of these solutions is the subject of negotiation and is
frequently assigned to the client, although we often retain
ownership of certain development tools and may be granted a
license to use the solutions for certain purposes. Certain of
our clients have prohibited us from marketing for specified
periods of

6

Table of Contents 

time or to specified third parties the solutions we develop for
them, and we anticipate that certain of our clients will demand
similar or other restrictions in the future.

Where To Find More Information 

We make our public filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including our Annual Report on
Form 10-K, 
Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q, Current
Reports on
Form 8-K and all
exhibits and amendments to these reports, available free of
charge at our web site, http://www.sapient.com, as soon as
reasonably practicable after we file such material with the SEC.
We also make available on our web site reports filed by our
executive officers, Directors and holders of more than 10 of
our common stock, on Forms 3, 4 and 5 regarding their
ownership of our securities. These materials are available in
the Investor Relations portion of our web site,
under the link SEC Filings, and on the
SEC s web site, http://www.sec.gov. You may also read or
copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public
Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E.,
Washington, DC 20549. You may obtain information on
the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at
 1-800-SEC-0330.

Item 1A. Risk
Factors 

Risk Factors 

The following important factors, among others, could cause our
actual business and financial results to differ materially from
those contained in forward-looking statements made in this
Annual Report or presented elsewhere by management from time to
time.

Our business, financial condition and results of
 operations may be materially impacted by economic conditions and
 related fluctuations in customer demand for business, technology
 and other consulting services. 

The market for our consulting services and the technologies used
in our solutions historically has tended to fluctuate in tandem
with economic cycles particularly those in the
United States and the United Kingdom, where we earn the majority
of our revenues. During economic cycles when many companies are
experiencing financial difficulties or uncertainty, clients and
potential clients may cancel or delay spending on technology and
other business initiatives. Military actions in Iraq and
elsewhere, global terrorism, natural disasters and political
unrest are among the factors that may adversely impact regional
and global economic conditions and, concomitantly, client
investments in our services. Although economic conditions in our
industry have been improving in recent years, a sudden or
gradual downturn in these conditions may cause large companies
to cancel or delay their consulting initiatives. Further, if the
rate of cancellations or delays significantly increases, our
business, financial condition and results of operations could be
materially and adversely impacted.

Our market is highly competitive and we may not be able to
 continue to compete effectively. 

The markets for the services we provide are highly competitive.
We believe that we compete principally with large systems
consulting and implementation firms, offshore outsourcing
companies, and clients internal information systems
departments. Other competitors include interactive and
traditional advertising agencies and, to a lesser extent,
boutique consulting firms that maintain specialized skills
and/or are geography based. With respect to our government
services practice, we both compete and partner with large
defense contractors. Some of our competitors have significantly
greater financial, technical and marketing resources, and
generate greater revenues and have greater name recognition,
than we do. Often, these competitors offer a larger and more
diversified suite of products and services than we offer. These
competitors may win client engagements by significantly
discounting their services in exchange for a client s
promise to purchase other goods and services from the
competitor, either concurrently or in the future. If we cannot
keep pace with the intense competition in our marketplace, our
business, financial condition and results of operations will
suffer.

7

Table of Contents 

Our international operations and Global Distributed
 Delivery model subject us to increased risk. 

We currently have offices in the United Kingdom, Germany, India
and Canada. Our international operations are a significant
percentage of our total revenues, and our GDD model is a
key component of our ability to deliver our services
successfully. Our international operations are subject to
inherent risks, including:

economic recessions in foreign countries; 

fluctuations in currency exchange rates or impositions of
 restrictive currency controls; 

political instability, war or military conflict; 

changes in regulatory requirements; 

complexities and costs in effectively managing multi-national
 operations and associated internal controls and procedures; 

significant changes in immigration policies or difficulties in
 obtaining required immigration approvals for international
 assignments; 

restrictions imposed on the import and export of technologies in
 countries where we operate; and 

reduced protection for intellectual property in some countries. 

In particular, our GDD model depends heavily on our offices in
New Delhi and Bangalore, India. Any escalation in the political
or military instability in India or Pakistan or the surrounding
countries, or a business interruption resulting from a natural
disaster, such as an earthquake, could hinder our ability to
successfully utilize GDD, and could result in material adverse
effects to our business, financial condition and results of
operations. Furthermore, the delivery of our services from
remote locations causes us to rely on data, phone, power and
other networks which are not as reliable as those in other
countries where we operate. Any failures of these systems could
affect the success of our GDD model. Remote delivery of our
services also increases the complexity and risk of delivering
our services, which could affect our ability to satisfy our
clients expectations or perform our services within the
estimated time frame and budget for each project.

If we do not attract and retain qualified professional
 staff, we may be unable to perform adequately our client
 engagements and could be limited in accepting new client
 engagements. 

Our business is labor intensive, and our success depends upon
our ability to attract, retain, train and motivate highly
skilled employees. The improvement in demand for business,
marketing and technology consulting services has further
increased the need for employees with specialized skills or
significant experience in business, marketing and technology
consulting, particularly at senior levels. We have been
expanding our operations in all locations, and these expansion
efforts will be highly dependent on attracting a sufficient
number of highly skilled people. We may not be successful in
attracting enough employees to achieve our desired expansion or
staffing plans. Furthermore, the industry turnover rates for
these types of employees are high, and we may not be successful
in retaining, training and motivating the employees we attract.
Any inability to attract, retain, train and motivate employees
could impair our ability to manage adequately and complete
existing projects and to bid for or accept new client
engagements. Such inability may also force us to increase our
hiring of expensive independent contractors, which may increase
our costs and reduce our profitability on client engagements. We
must also devote substantial managerial and financial resources
to monitoring and managing our workforce and other resources.
Our future success will depend on our ability to manage the
levels and related costs of our workforce and other resources
effectively.

We earn revenues, incur costs and maintain cash balances
 in multiple currencies, and currency fluctuations affect our
 financial results. 

We have significant international operations, and we frequently
earn our revenues and incur our costs in various foreign
currencies. Our international segment revenues were
 114 million for the year ended December 31, 2005.
Doing business in these foreign currencies exposes us to foreign
currency risks in numerous areas, including revenues, purchases,
payroll and investments. We also have a significant amount of

8

Table of Contents 

foreign currency net asset exposures. Certain foreign currency
exposures, to some extent, are naturally offset within an
international business unit, because revenues and costs are
denominated in the same foreign currency, and certain cash
balances are held in U.S. dollar denominated accounts. However,
due to the increasing size and importance of our international
operations, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates
could materially impact our financial results. Our
GDD model also subjects us to increased currency risk,
because we frequently incur a significant portion of our project
costs in Indian rupees and earn revenue from our clients in
other currencies. Currently, we do not hold any derivative
contracts that hedge our foreign currency risk, but we may adopt
such strategies in the future.

Our cash position includes amounts denominated in foreign
currencies. We manage our worldwide cash requirements
considering available funds from our subsidiaries and the cost
effectiveness with which these funds can be accessed. The
repatriation of cash balances from certain of our subsidiaries
outside the United States could have adverse tax consequences
and be limited by foreign currency exchange controls. However,
those balances are generally available without legal
restrictions to fund ordinary business operations. We have
transferred, and will continue to transfer, cash from those
subsidiaries to the parent company, and to other international
subsidiaries, when it is cost effective to do so. However, any
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could materially
impact the availability and size of these funds for repatriation
or transfer.

We have significant fixed operating costs, which may be
 difficult to adjust in response to unanticipated fluctuations in
 revenues. 

A high percentage of our operating expenses, particularly
personnel, rent and depreciation, are fixed in advance of any
particular quarter. As a result, an unanticipated decrease in
the number or average size of, or an unanticipated delay in the
scheduling for, our projects may cause significant variations in
operating results in any particular quarter and could have a
material adverse effect on operations for that quarter.

An unanticipated termination or decrease in size or scope of a
major project, a client s decision not to proceed with a
project we anticipated or the completion during a quarter of
several major client projects could require us to maintain
underutilized employees and could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our revenues and earnings may also fluctuate from quarter to
quarter because of such factors as:

the contractual terms and timing of completion of projects,
 including achievement of certain business results; 

any delays incurred in connection with projects; 

the adequacy of provisions for losses and bad debts; 

the accuracy of our estimates of resources required to complete
 ongoing projects; 

loss of key highly skilled personnel necessary to complete
 projects; and 

general economic conditions. 

We may lose money if we do not accurately estimate the
 costs of fixed-price engagements. 

Many of our projects are based on fixed-price, fixed-time
contracts, rather than contracts in which payment to us is
determined on a time and materials basis. Our failure to
accurately estimate the resources and schedule required for a
project, or our failure to complete our contractual obligations
in a manner consistent with the project plan upon which our
fixed-price, fixed-time contract was based, could adversely
affect our overall profitability and could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. We are increasingly entering into contracts for
large projects that magnify this risk. We have been required to
commit unanticipated additional resources to complete projects
in the past, which has resulted in losses on those contracts. We
will likely experience similar situations in the future. In
addition, we may fix the price for some projects at an early
stage of the process, which could result in a fixed price that
is too low and, therefore, this incorrect estimation could
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations.

9

Table of Contents 

Our profitability will be adversely impacted if we are
 unable to maintain our pricing and utilization rates as well as
 control our costs. 

Our profitability derives from and is impacted by three factors,
primarily: (i) the prices for our services; (ii) our
consultants utilization or billable time, and
(iii) our costs. To achieve our desired level of
profitability our utilization must remain at an appropriate
rate, and we must contain our costs. Should we reduce our prices
in the future as a result of pricing pressures, or should we be
unable to achieve our target utilization rates and costs, our
profitability could be adversely impacted and the price of our
securities could decline materially.

We partner with third parties on certain complex
 engagements in which our performance depends upon, and may be
 adversely impacted by, the performance of such third
 parties. 

Certain complex projects may require that we partner with
specialized software or systems vendors or other partners to
perform our services. Often in these circumstances, we are
liable to our clients for the performance of these third
parties. Should the third parties fail to perform timely or
satisfactorily, our clients may elect to terminate the projects
or withhold payment until the services have been completed
successfully. Additionally, we may lose revenue or realize lower
profits if we incur additional costs due to delays or because we
must assign additional personnel to complete the project.
Furthermore, our relationships with our clients and our
reputation generally may suffer harm as a result of our
partners unsatisfactory performance.

Our clients could unexpectedly terminate their contracts
 for our services. 

Some of our contracts can be canceled by the client with limited
advance notice and without significant penalty. A client s
termination of a contract for our services could result in a
loss of expected revenues and additional expenses for staff that
were allocated to that client s project. We could be
required to maintain underutilized employees who were assigned
to the terminated contract. The unexpected cancellation or
significant reduction in the scope of any of our large projects,
or client termination of one or more recurring revenue contracts
(see definition of recurring revenue in Item 1,
above), could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.

We may be liable to our clients for damages caused by
 unauthorized disclosures of confidential information or by our
 failure to remedy system failures. 

We frequently receive confidential information from our clients,
including confidential customer data, that we use to develop
solutions. If any person, including a Company employee,
misappropriates client confidential information, or if client
confidential information is inappropriately disclosed due to a
breach of our computer systems, system failures or otherwise, we
may have substantial liabilities to our clients or client
customers.

Further, many of our projects involve technology applications or
systems that are critical to the operations of our clients 
businesses and handle very large volumes of transactions. If we
fail to perform our services correctly, we may be unable to
deliver applications or systems to our clients with the promised
functionality or within the promised time frame, or to satisfy
the required service levels for support and maintenance. While
we have taken precautionary actions to create redundancy and
 back-up systems, any
such failures by us could result in claims by our clients for
substantial damages against us.

Although we attempt to limit the amount and type of our
contractual liability for breaches of confidentiality and
defects in the applications or systems we provide, and carry
insurance coverage which mitigates these liabilities in certain
instances, we cannot be assured that these limitations and
insurance coverages will be applicable and enforceable in all
cases. Even if these limitations and insurance coverages are
found to be applicable and enforceable, our liability to our
clients for these types of claims could be material in amount
and affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. Additionally, such claims may harm our reputation
and cause us to lose clients.

10

Table of Contents 

Our services may infringe the intellectual property rights
 of third parties, and create liability for us as well as harm
 our reputation and client relationships. 

The services that we offer to clients may infringe the
intellectual property (IP) rights of third parties and result in
legal claims against our clients and Sapient. These claims may
damage our reputation, adversely impact our client relationships
and create liability for us. Moreover, although we generally
agree in our client contracts to indemnify the clients for
expenses or liabilities they incur as a result of third party
IP infringement claims associated with our services, the
resolution of these claims, irrespective of whether a court
determines that our services infringed another party s
IP rights, may be time-consuming, disruptive to our
business and extraordinarily costly. Finally, in connection with
an IP infringement dispute, we may be required to cease
using or developing certain IP that we offer to our clients.
These circumstances could adversely impact our ability to
generate revenue as well as require us to incur significant
expense to develop alternative or modified services for our
clients.

We may be unable to protect our proprietary
 methodology. 

Our success depends, in part, upon our proprietary methodology
and other intellectual property rights. We rely upon a
combination of trade secrets, nondisclosure and other
contractual arrangements, and copyright and trademark laws to
protect our proprietary rights. We enter into confidentiality
agreements with our employees, subcontractors, vendors,
consultants and clients, and limit access to and distribution of
our proprietary information. We cannot be certain that the steps
we take in this regard will be adequate to deter
misappropriation of our proprietary information or that we will
be able to detect unauthorized use and take appropriate steps to
enforce our intellectual property rights.

We put a portion of our fees at risk based on project
 results and may not earn these fees if we do not succeed. 

Our business model focuses heavily on delivering measurable
business results for our clients, and increasingly we are
aligning our interests with our client s interests by
putting a portion of our fees at risk, dependent on our
client s attainment of the business value we promised. In
2005, we recognized approximately 400 thousand of revenue by
achieving previously agreed upon measurable business results.
Our inability to deliver the business value that we have
promised on a project could materially affect the profitability
of that project, because we typically will incur the same level
of project costs regardless of whether the promised business
value is attained. We could also experience delays in revenue
recognition or payment because the measurement of business value
is often complex and may involve a verification process between
us and our client. As a result, our failure to deliver the
business value that we promise to our clients could materially
affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

Our stock price is volatile and may result in substantial
 losses for investors. 

The trading price of our common stock has been subject to wide
fluctuations. Our trading price could continue to be subject to
wide fluctuations in response to:

quarterly variations in operating results and achievement of key
 business metrics by us or our competitors; 

changes in operating results estimates by securities analysts; 

any differences between our reported results and securities
 analysts published or unpublished expectations; 

announcements of new contracts or service offerings made by us
 or our competitors; 

announcements of acquisitions or joint ventures made by us or
 our competitors; and 

general economic or stock market conditions. 

11

Table of Contents 

In the past, securities class action litigation has often been
instituted against companies following periods of volatility in
the market price of their securities. The commencement of this
type of litigation against us could result in substantial costs
and a diversion of management s attention and resources.

Our co-Chairmen 
 and co-CEOs have
 significant voting power and may effectively control the outcome
 of any stockholder vote. 

Jerry A. Greenberg and J. Stuart Moore, our
 Co-Chairmen of the
Board of Directors and
 Co-Chief Executive
Officers, own approximately 34 of our outstanding common stock
in the aggregate. As a result, they have the ability to
substantially influence, and may effectively control the outcome
of corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, including
the election of Directors. This concentration of ownership may
also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in
control of Sapient, even if such a change in control would
benefit other investors.

We are dependent on our key employees. 

Our success depends in large part upon the continued services of
a number of key employees, including Messrs. Greenberg and
Moore. Our employment arrangements with Messrs. Greenberg
and Moore and with our other key personnel provide that
employment is terminable at will by either party. The loss of
the services of any of our key personnel could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. In addition, if our key employees resign from
Sapient to join a competitor or to form a competing company, the
loss of such personnel and any resulting loss of existing or
potential clients to any such competitor could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Although, to the extent permitted by law, we
require our employees to sign agreements prohibiting them from
joining a competitor, forming a competing company or soliciting
our clients or employees for certain periods of time, we cannot
be certain that these agreements will be effective in preventing
our key employees from engaging in these actions or that courts
or other adjudicative entities will substantially enforce these
agreements. Furthermore, for those employees whom we
involuntarily terminated in connection with our restructuring
actions, we have waived the
 non-competition clause
of their agreements in exchange for releases of claims. We
granted these waivers only in connection with the restructuring
actions, and our general practice is not to waive the
 non-competition 
obligations of departing employees.

We may be unable to achieve anticipated benefits from
 acquisitions and joint ventures. 

The anticipated benefits from any acquisitions or joint ventures
that we may undertake might not be achieved. For example, if we
acquire a company, we cannot be certain that clients of the
acquired business will continue to conduct business with us, or
that employees of the acquired business will continue their
employment or integrate successfully into our operations and
culture. The identification, consummation and integration of
acquisitions and joint ventures require substantial attention
from management. The diversion of management s attention,
as well as any difficulties encountered in the integration
process, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Further, we may incur
significant expenses in completing any such acquisitions, and we
may assume significant liabilities, some of which may be unknown
at the time of such acquisition.

If we do not effectively improve our operational and
 financial processes and systems, our ability to achieve
 efficiencies and cost savings may be delayed and our results of
 operations may be adversely impacted. 

In 2005, we implemented upgrades to our financial and human
resource software systems to improve our organizational
processes and efficiency, and accommodate our anticipated growth
in 2006 and beyond. Additionally, to streamline our G&A
infrastructure and costs as a percentage of revenue, and ensure
that the Company can appropriately scale as our business
expands, we are redesigning many operational processes and
transitioning certain internal, non-billable roles to our India
office. The activities principally relate to finance, human
resources and certain IT functions, and will result in the
elimination of certain G&A jobs in the United States, United
Kingdom, Germany and Canada. If we do not timely, efficiently
and effectively upgrade or

12

Table of Contents 

replace systems, redesign processes and implement the preceding
role transitions as our business requires, we may be unable to
support our growth effectively or realize cost savings as
quickly as expected and maintain effective internal controls
over financial reporting. Additionally, the quality of our
services may decline pending the successful completion of these
initiatives. Consequently, our results of operations may be
adversely impacted.

A failure to maintain effective internal controls over
 financial reporting could have a material adverse impact on the
 Company. 

We are required to maintain internal control over financial
reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. In our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2004 and in our quarterly
reports on
Form 10-Q for the
first, second and third fiscal quarters of 2005, management
reported that a material weakness existed in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting related to the
Company s lack of a sufficient complement of senior
financial accounting and reporting personnel possessing
competencies commensurate with the company s financial
reporting requirements. As described more fully in Item 9A
of this Annual Report, this material weakness has been
remediated as of December 31, 2005. We may from time to
time in the future identify material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting. Further, because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements, regardless of the
adequacy of such controls. Should we fail either to maintain
adequate internal controls or implement required new or improved
controls, our business and results of operations could be
harmed, we may be unable to report properly or timely the
results of our operations, and investors could lose faith in the
reliability of our financial statements. Consequently, the price
of our securities may be adversely and materially impacted.

Our corporate governance provisions may deter a
 financially attractive takeover attempt. 

Provisions of our charter and by-laws may discourage, delay or
prevent a merger or acquisition that stockholders may consider
favorable, including a transaction in which stockholders would
receive a premium for their shares. These provisions include the
following:

our Board of Directors has the authority, without further action
 by the stockholders, to fix the rights and preferences of and
 issue shares of preferred stock; 

any action that may be taken by stockholders must be taken at an
 annual or special meeting and may not be taken by written
 consent; 

stockholders must comply with advance notice requirements before
 raising a matter at a meeting of stockholders or nominating a
 director for election; and 

a Chairman of the Board or a Chief Executive Officer are the
 only persons who may call a special meeting of stockholders. 

Provisions of Delaware law may also discourage, delay or prevent
someone from acquiring us or merging with us.

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

None

13

Table of Contents 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

Our headquarters and principal administrative, finance, selling
and marketing operations are located in approximately
28,000 square feet of leased office space in Cambridge,
Massachusetts. We also lease offices in the New York
metropolitan area, the Washington D.C. metropolitan area,
San Francisco metropolitan area, Chicago, Atlanta, Los
Angeles metropolitan area, San Diego, Miami, Detroit,
London, D sseldorf, Munich, New Delhi, Bangalore and
Toronto. We do not own any material real property. Substantially
all of our office space is leased under long-term leases with
varying expiration dates. We believe that our facilities are
adequate to meet our needs in the near future.

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

We are not a party to any material legal proceedings.

Item 4. 
 
 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

Not Applicable.

Item 4A. 
 
 Executive Officers of Sapient 

Below are the name, age and principal occupations for the last
five years of each executive officer of Sapient, as of
March 6, 2006. All such persons have been elected to serve
until their successors are elected and qualified or until their
earlier resignation or removal.

Preston B. Bradford, Executive Vice President

49 

Mr. Bradford joined Sapient in September 1994. Mr. Bradford
 was appointed as Senior Vice President in April 2000 and as
 Executive Vice President in February 2004. Prior to joining
 Sapient, Mr. Bradford held various positions with Sprint
 Corporation, a telecommunications company, from July 1980 to
 August 1994. 

Sheeroy D. Desai, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating
 Officer

40 

Mr. Desai joined Sapient in 1991 and has served as Executive
 Vice President since September 1994. Mr. Desai served as
 Co-Chief Operating Officer from October 1999 until May 2000, and
 has served as Chief Operating Officer since April 2001. 

Jerry A. Greenberg, Co-Chairman of the Board and Co-Chief
 Executive Officer

40 

Mr. Greenberg co-founded Sapient in 1991 and has served as Co-
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Co-Chief Executive
 Officer and as a Director since Sapient s inception. 

Alan J. Herrick, Executive Vice President

40 

Mr. Herrick joined Sapient in March 1995. Mr. Herrick was
 appointed as Vice President in December 1996 and was appointed
 as Executive Vice President in June 2002. 

Scott J. Krenz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

54 

Mr. Krenz joined Sapient in December 2004 as Chief
 Financial Officer. Prior to joining Sapient, Mr. Krenz
 served as Vice President and Treasurer of EDS from September
 1998 to February 2004, and as Chief Financial Officer for
 EDS s Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) business from
 July 1994 to August 1998. 

14

Table of Contents 

J. Stuart Moore, Co-Chairman of the Board and Co-Chief Executive
 Officer

44 

Mr. Moore co-founded Sapient in 1991 and has served as Co-
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Co-Chief Executive
 Officer and as a Director since Sapient s inception. 

Jane E. Owens, Senior Vice President and General Counsel

52 

Ms. Owens joined Sapient in September 2000 as Senior Vice
 President, General Counsel and Secretary. Prior to joining
 Sapient, Ms. Owens served as Senior Vice President, General
 Counsel and Secretary of The Dial Corporation, a consumer
 products company, from May 1997 to September 2000. 

15

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
 Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
 Securities 

Market Price of Common Stock 

Our common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq National Market under
the symbol SAPE. The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the high and low intraday sale prices for
our common stock.

High 
 
 Low 

2004

First Quarter

7.19 

5.21 

Second Quarter

6.54 

4.69 

Third Quarter

8.44 

4.79 

Fourth Quarter

9.25 

7.59 

2005

First Quarter

8.48 

6.66 

Second Quarter

8.84 

6.29 

Third Quarter

8.54 

5.64 

Fourth Quarter

6.50 

5.11 

On March 6, 2006, the last reported sale price of our
common stock was 7.59 per share. As of February 28,
2006, there were approximately 358 holders of record of our
common stock and approximately 21,000 beneficial holders of our
common stock.

We have never paid or declared any cash dividends on our common
stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the
foreseeable future.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

During the three months ended December 31, 2005, we had one
outstanding stock repurchase program. A summary of our
repurchase activity for the three months ended December 31,
2005 is as follows:

Total Number 

of Shares 

Purchased as 
 
 Maximum Value 

Total Number 
 
 Average 
 
 Part of Publicly 
 
 that May Yet Be 

of Shares 
 
 Price Paid 
 
 Announced 
 
 Purchased Under the 

Purchased 
 
 per Share 
 
 Programs 
 
 Programs(1) 

October 1 October 31

275,000 

5.17 

275,000 

20,975,372 

November 1 November 30

1,364,541 

5.60 

1,364,541 

13,327,757 

December 1 December 31

997,600 

5.94 

997,600 

7,406,181 

Total 

2,637,141 

5.68 

2,637,141 

(1) 
 
 On November 16, 2004, Sapient s Board of Directors
 authorized up to 25.0 million in funds for use in the
 Company s common stock repurchase program. On
 February 10, 2006 the Board of Directors authorized an
 additional 25.0 million in funds for use in such programs.
 Sapient has announced that it will repurchase shares on the open
 market or in private transactions from time to time depending on
 market conditions. Each authorization shall continue for a
 period of two years from its inception or until it is
 discontinued by the Board of Directors. Under the Company s
 buyback program no shares were repurchased in 2004 and
 3.0 million shares were repurchased in 2005 at an average
 price of 5.84 per share for an aggregate purchase price of
 17.6 million. As of March 1, 2006, the Company has
 repurchased an additional 1,040,000 million shares of our
 common stock at an average price of 5.98 per share for an
 aggregate purchase price of approximately 6.2 million. 

16

Table of Contents 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 

The following selected consolidated financial data should be
read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements
and the notes thereto and management s discussion and
analysis of financial condition and results of operations
included elsewhere in this Annual Report. The balance sheet data
at December 31, 2005 and 2004 and the statement of
operations data for each of the three years ended
December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003 have been derived from the
audited consolidated financial statements for such years,
included elsewhere in this Annual Report. The balance sheet data
at December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 and the statement of
operations data for each of the two years ended
December 31, 2002 and 2001 have been derived from the
audited consolidated financial statements for such years, not
included in this Annual Report.

Years Ended December 31, 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Statement of Operations Data(1)(2)(3): 

Service revenues

319,496 

253,936 

184,795 

173,811 

325,165 

Operating expenses:

Project personnel costs, before reimbursable expenses

190,084 

143,202 

112,925 

136,138 

234,002 

Selling and marketing costs

14,029 

15,208 

18,560 

26,428 

28,138 

General and administrative costs

86,323 

71,371 

57,595 

79,400 

129,344 

Restructuring and other related charges

7,218 

1,108 

2,135 

66,885 

100,079 

Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets

107,430 

Amortization of intangible assets

1,104 

515 

1,772 

4,328 

28,126 

Income (loss) from operations

20,738 

22,532 

(8,192) 

(246,798) 

(194,524) 

Gain on equity investment change in interest

1,755 

1,407 

Other income (expense)

108 

65 

2,729 

33 

(4,677) 

Interest income

4,240 

2,655 

1,902 

4,312 

9,393 

Income (loss) before income taxes, net equity loss from
 investees and loss from discontinued operations

25,086 

25,252 

(3,561) 

(240,698) 

(188,401) 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes:

Provision for income taxes

3,677 

3,068 

1,337 

(18,585) 

(3,091) 

Benefit from income taxes

(4,289) 

(635) 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes

(612) 

2,433 

1,337 

(18,585) 

(3,091) 

Income (loss) before net equity loss from investees and loss
 from discontinued operations

25,698 

22,819 

(4,898) 

(222,113) 

(185,310) 

Net equity loss from investees

(349) 

(499) 

Income (loss) from continuing operations

25,698 

22,819 

(4,898) 

(222,462) 

(185,809) 

Loss from discontinued operations

(6,741) 

(3,959) 

Net income (loss)

25,698 

22,819 

(4,898) 

(229,203) 

(189,768) 

Basic net income (loss) per share:

Income (loss) from continuing operations

0.21 

0.19 

(0.04) 

(1.78) 

(1.50) 

Loss from discontinued operations

(0.05) 

(0.03) 

0.21 

0.19 

(0.04) 

(1.83) 

(1.53) 

Diluted net income (loss) per share:

Income (loss) from continuing operations

0.20 

0.18 

(0.04) 

(1.78) 

(1.50) 

Loss from discontinued operations

(0.05) 

(0.03) 

0.20 

0.18 

(0.04) 

(1.83) 

(1.53) 

Weighted average common shares

124,725 

123,040 

121,188 

124,961 

124,256 

Weighted average dilutive common share equivalents

4,573 

5,418 

Weighted average common shares and dilutive common share
 equivalents

129,298 

128,458 

121,188 

124,961 

124,256 

17

Table of Contents 

Years Ended December 31, 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 
 
 2001 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Balance Sheet Data: 

Working capital

180,784 

118,684 

143,158 

135,325 

243,699 

Total assets

286,183 

269,603 

226,900 

262,653 

474,870 

Long-term debt, less current portion

Total stockholders equity(4)

202,635 

185,933 

152,412 

155,804 

380,770 

(1) 
 
 We ceased operations of our Japanese subsidiary in December
 2002. As a result, operating results of this subsidiary for 2002
 and for all prior periods presented have been collapsed and
 reclassified into a single line item under the caption
 Loss from discontinued operations. See Note 10
 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(2) 
 
 On January 1, 2002, we adopted Statement of Accounting
 Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible
 Assets, and ceased amortizing goodwill. During the year
 ended December 31, 2001 our operating results include
 18.9 million of goodwill amortization. 

(3) 
 
 Project personnel costs, before reimbursable expenses, selling
 and marketing costs and general and administrative costs for
 years ended before 2005 have been reclassified to conform to the
 current presentation. We reclassified the stock-based
 compensation line item in our consolidated statements of
 operations and included stock-based compensation expense
 consistent with cash compensation paid to the such employees. 

(4) 
 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends. 

The accompanying financial statements differ from those that we
reported in the February 16, 2006 release of our financial
results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31,
2005. The adjustments pertain to the correction of the
Company s rent obligations for restructured leases.

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 

Sapient, a business innovator, provides business, marketing and
technology consulting services that help clients achieve
measurable results from their customer relationships, business
operations and technology. Founded in 1991, Sapient is
headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and operates
throughout the United States and Canada, and in Germany, India
and the United Kingdom.

Our service revenues were 319.5 million for 2005, a 26 
increase from service revenues of 253.9 million for 2004,
and a 73 increase from service revenues of 184.8 million
for 2003. The growth in service revenues year over year derived
from the continued demand for our services from new and existing
clients coupled with revenue related to our June 2005
acquisition of Business Information Solutions, LLC. We have
focused on increasing our recurring revenues during 2005 and we
have made progress: we signed two large long-term engagements
during 2005 related to our Financial Services, Automotive,
Consumer and Energy business unit and renegotiated our Sprint
contract with a 5-year 
term. We will continue to focus on increasing recurring revenue
in 2006. Our recurring revenues were 34 of our services
revenues in 2005 compared to 25 in 2004. Recurring revenues are
revenue commitments of a year or more in which the client has
committed spending levels to Sapient or chosen Sapient as an
exclusive provider of certain services. During 2006, certain of
these recurring revenue agreements will end, while others may be
signed.

During 2005 we increased the number of our project personnel to
effectively staff our client engagements and achieve the desired
staffing mix of experience level and role. Currently, we are
retaining subcontractors in certain cases to fill specific
project needs. If we are not successful in maintaining effective
staffing levels, our ability to achieve our service revenue and
profitability objectives will be adversely affected. Our ability
to effectively staff our engagements and achieve the desired
staffing mix depends heavily on our ability to keep turnover at
appropriate levels. Our voluntary turnover for 2005 decreased to
17.8 compared to 18.5 for

18

Table of Contents 

2004. We also continue to modify and upgrade critical internal
systems that we require to manage client projects and our
business generally. Our operations and business results will be
adversely impacted if we do not successfully and efficiently
implement these system changes, as necessary, from time to time.

During 2005, we continued to utilize our India-based effort on
our GDD projects, thereby maintaining our billable days, or
level of effort, incurred by our India people as a percentage of
total Company billable days for 2005 of 53 compared to 2004 of
53 . Our GDD methodology continues to be important to our
clients success. This proprietary methodology allows us to
provide high-quality, cost effective solutions under accelerated
project schedules. By engaging India s highly skilled
technology specialists, we can provide services at lower total
costs as well as offer a continuous delivery capability
resulting from time differences between India and the countries
we serve. We also employ our GDD methodology to provide
application management services.

Our full year net income was 25.7 million in 2005 compared
to 22.8 million in 2004. Our operating margin for 2005 was
7 compared to 9 in 2004. The year over year decline in our
operating margin is primarily due to a decrease in the
utilization rate, primarily related to our non-U.S. business
units, and additional restructuring and other related charges
primarily related to previously restructured property. For 2005,
our utilization rate decreased to 74 , compared to 76 for 2004.
Included in our full year net income for 2005 and 2004 is a
benefit of 4.3 million and 635 thousand, respectively,
related to the release of the valuation allowance related to
Germany s net deferred tax assets in 2005 and the United
Kingdom s and Canada s net deferred tax assets in 2004.

We have observed the current market trend where pricing is based
on market competitiveness and beginning in 2005, we have
implemented a new going to market strategy which
requires us to focus on decreasing general and administrative G costs as a percentage of revenue. During
2005, we continued progress on our strategic initiative of
reengineering our G&A functions. In conjunction with
streamlining G&A processes, we will be transferring a number
of support activities to India. These activities principally
relate to approximately 60 people in finance, human
resources, and some of our internal IT functions. This will
result in the elimination of certain G&A jobs in the United
States, United Kingdom, Germany and Canada, and, as such, we
have taken a 300,000 restructuring provision during the fourth
quarter of 2005. The total costs are expected to be
approximately 1.0 million and are expected to be paid
during 2006.

On June 1, 2005, we purchased Business Information
Solutions, LLC BIS ), a privately-held provider of
SAP-related professional services, specializing in business
intelligence solutions. We added forty-eight full-time BIS
people. We believe this acquisition will allow us to expand our
services in business intelligence and in newer modules of SAP,
specifically Business Information Warehouse, Strategic
Enterprise Management, data analytics, NetWeaver, other
 SAP New Dimension products and energy specific
solutions. In addition, we believe the acquisition will allow us
to offer a much broader variety of value-added ERP integration,
upgrade, and maintenance services related to the globally
dominant SAP products and its Netweaver platform.

On January 3, 2006, we acquired Planning Group
International, Inc. PGI ). Through this acquisition
we have enhanced our strengths in advertising, digital and
direct marketing, brand development, data mining, customer
acquisition and loyalty, paid search, and media planning and
buying strategies and services. Additionally, we now can provide
our clients a clear understanding of the effectiveness of their
media spend using
BridgeTrack ,
a proprietary online marketing and analysis platform. We believe
that our combination with PGI expands our opportunities to help
our clients exploit the possibilities created by the rapid
evolution of media, advertising, and technology and derive
measurable value from their marketing investments.

Although the growth in our business has been positive, the
economic outlook, as always, is subject to change. Any decline
in our service revenues will have a significant impact on our
financial results, particularly because a significant portion of
our operating costs (such as personnel, rent and depreciation)
are fixed in advance of a particular quarter. In addition, our
future operating segment and overall Company revenues and
operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on
the number, size and scope of projects in which we are engaged,
the contractual terms and degree of completion of such projects,
any delays incurred in connection with a project, employee
utilization rates, the adequacy of provisions for losses, the
use of estimates of resources required to complete ongoing
projects, general economic conditions and other factors.

19

Table of Contents 

Summary of Critical Accounting Policies; Significant
 Judgments and Estimates 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and
results of operations are based upon our Consolidated Financial
Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
The preparation of these financial statements requires us to
make significant estimates and judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses,
and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.
These items are regularly monitored and analyzed by management
for changes in facts and circumstances, and material changes in
these estimates could occur in the future. Changes in estimates
are recorded in the period in which they become known. We base
our estimates on historical experience and various other
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the
circumstances. Actual results may differ substantially from our
estimates.

A summary of those accounting policies, significant judgments
and estimates that we believe are most critical to fully
understanding and evaluating our financial results is set forth
below. This summary should be read in conjunction with our
Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes included
elsewhere in this Annual Report.

Revenue Recognition and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts. 
 We recognize revenue from the provision of professional services
 under written service contracts with our clients when persuasive
 evidence of an arrangement exists, services have been provided
 to the customer, the fee is fixed or determinable, and
 collectibility is reasonably assured. In instances where the
 customer, at its discretion, has the right to reject the
 services prior to final acceptance, revenue is deferred until
 such acceptance occurs. 

We recognize revenues from our fixed-price, fixed time
 technology implementation consulting contracts using the
 percentage-of -completion
 method pursuant to Statement of Position 81-1, Accounting
 for Performance of Construction Type and Certain Production Type
 Contracts. Revenues generated from fixed-price, fixed time
 non-technology implementation contracts, except for support and
 maintenance contracts, are recognized based upon a proportional
 performance model in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin
 (SAB) No. 101, Revenue Recognition in Financial
 Statements, as amended by SAB No. 104,
 Revenue Recognition. Our
 percentage-of -completion
 method and our proportional performance method of accounting
 calculate revenue based on the percentage of labor incurred to
 estimated total labor. This method is used because reasonably
 dependable estimates of the revenues and costs applicable to
 various stages of a contract can be made, based on historical
 experience and milestones set in the contract. Revenue from
 time-and-material contracts is recognized as services are
 provided. Revenue generated from support and maintenance
 contracts is recognized ratably over the contract term. 

Our project delivery and business unit finance personnel
 continually review labor incurred and estimated total labor,
 which may result in revisions to the amount of recognized
 revenue for a contract. Certain contracts provide for revenue to
 be generated based upon the achievement of certain performance
 standards. Revenue related to the achievement of performance
 standards accounted for approximately 400 thousand,
 3.4 million and 956 thousand of revenue recognized
 in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. 

Revenues from arrangements with multiple elements are allocated
 based on the fair value of the elements in accordance with EITF
 Issue No. 00-21 
 (EITF 00-21), 
 Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables. For
 these arrangements, we evaluate all deliverables in the
 arrangement to determine whether they represent separate units
 of accounting. Fair value is determined based on reliable
 evidence of the fair value of each deliverable. Revenues are
 recognized in accordance with our accounting policies for the
 separate elements when the services have value on a stand-alone
 basis, fair value of the separate elements exists and, in
 arrangements that include a general right of refund relative to
 the delivered element, performance of the undelivered element is
 considered probable and substantially in our control. This
 evaluation is performed at the inception of the arrangement and
 as each item in the arrangement is delivered. The evaluation
 involves significant judgments regarding the nature of the
 services and deliverables being provided, whether these services
 and deliverables can reasonably be divided into the separate
 units of accounting and the fair value of the separate elements. 

20

Table of Contents 

If we do not accurately estimate the resources required or the
 scope of work to be performed for a contract or we do not manage
 the project properly within the planned time period, then we may
 recognize a loss on the contract. Provisions for estimated
 losses on uncompleted contracts are made on a
 contract-by-contract basis and are recognized in the period in
 which such losses are identified. We have committed
 unanticipated additional resources to complete projects in the
 past, which has resulted in lower than anticipated profitability
 or losses on those contracts. We expect that we will experience
 similar situations in the future. In addition, we may fix the
 price for some projects at an early stage of the process, which
 could result in a fixed price that is too low and, therefore, a
 correct estimation could adversely affect our business,
 financial condition and results of operations. 

We recognize revenue for services when collection from the
 client is reasonably assured, and our fees are fixed or
 determinable. We establish billing terms at the time project
 deliverables and milestones are agreed. Our normal payment terms
 are thirty days from invoice date. Revenues recognized in excess
 of the amounts invoiced to clients are classified as unbilled
 revenues. Amounts invoiced to clients in excess of revenue
 recognized are classified as deferred revenues. Our project
 delivery and business unit finance personnel continually monitor
 timely payments from our clients and assess any collection
 issues. We maintain allowances for doubtful accounts for
 estimated losses resulting from the inability of our clients to
 make required payments. We base our estimates on our historical
 collection and write-off experience, current trends, credit
 policy, detailed analysis of specific client situations and
 percentage of our accounts receivable by aging category. While
 such credit losses have historically been within our
 expectations and the allowances we established, we cannot
 guarantee that we will continue to experience the same credit
 loss rates that we have in the past. If the financial condition
 of our clients were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment
 of their ability to make payment, additional allowances may be
 required. Our failure to accurately estimate the losses for
 doubtful accounts and ensure that payments are received on a
 timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Accounting for Income Taxes. Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 109, Accounting for Income
 Taxes, requires the establishment of a valuation allowance
 to reflect the likelihood of realization of deferred tax assets.
 Significant management judgment is required in determining our
 provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and
 liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net
 deferred tax assets. We evaluate all available evidence, such as
 recent and expected future operating results by tax
 jurisdiction, current and enacted tax legislation and other
 temporary differences between book and tax accounting, to
 determine whether it is more likely than not that some portion
 or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized.
 As a result of operating losses incurred in 2001, 2002 and 2003,
 and uncertainty as to the extent and timing of profitability in
 future periods, we have recorded a valuation allowance of
 approximately 103.8 million as of December 31, 2005
 relating to the deferred tax assets in the United States. Having
 assessed the ability to realize the deferred tax assets in
 certain foreign jurisdictions, we believe that future taxable
 income will be sufficient to realize the deferred tax benefit of
 the deferred tax assets in Canada, the United Kingdom, and
 Germany. The establishment and amount of the valuation allowance
 requires significant estimates and judgment and can materially
 affect our results of operations. If the realization of deferred
 tax assets in the future is considered more likely than not, an
 adjustment to the deferred tax assets would increase net income
 in the period such determination was made. Our effective tax
 rate may vary from period to period based on changes in
 estimated taxable income or loss in each jurisdiction, changes
 to the valuation allowance, changes to federal, state or foreign
 tax laws, future expansion into areas with varying country,
 state, and local income tax rates, deductibility of certain
 costs and expenses by jurisdiction and as a result of
 acquisitions. 

Valuation of Long-Lived Assets and Intangible Assets. In
 accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement
 No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
 Long-Lived Assets, long-lived assets are reviewed for
 impairment on a regular basis for the existence of facts and
 circumstances that may suggest that the carrying amount of an
 asset or group of assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability
 of long-lived assets or groups of assets is assessed based on a
 comparison of 

21

Table of Contents 

the carrying amount to the estimated undiscounted future cash
 flows. If estimated future undiscounted net cash flows are less
 than the carrying amount, the asset is considered impaired and
 expense is recorded at an amount required to reduce the carrying
 amount to fair value. Determining the fair value of long-lived
 assets includes significant judgment by management, and
 different judgments could yield different results. 

Valuation of Goodwill. In accordance with Financial
 Accounting Standards Board Statement (SFAS) No. 142,
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, requires,
 among other things, the discontinuance of goodwill amortization.
 The standard also includes provisions for the assessment of the
 useful lives of existing recognized intangible assets and the
 identification of reporting units for purposes of assessing
 potential future impairments of goodwill. Factors we consider
 important which could trigger an impairment review include: 

significant underperformance relative to historical or projected
 future operating results; 

significant changes in the manner of or use of the acquired
 assets or the strategy for our overall business; 

identification of other impaired assets within an reporting unit; 

disposition of a significant portion of an operating segment; 

significant negative industry or economic trends; 

significant decline in our stock price for a sustained
 period; and 

a decline in our market capitalization relative to net book
 value. 

Determining whether a triggering event has occurred includes
 significant judgment from management. 

The goodwill impairment test prescribed by
 SFAS No. 142 requires us to identify reporting units
 and to determine estimates of the fair value of our reporting
 units as of the date we test for impairment. The Company s
 reporting units are consistent with the reportable segments
 identified in Note 19 of our consolidated financial
 statements. Assets and liabilities, including goodwill, were
 allocated to reporting units based on factors such as specific
 identification and percentage of revenue. To conduct a goodwill
 impairment test, the fair value of the reporting unit is
 compared to its carrying value. If the reporting unit s
 carrying value exceeds its fair value, we record an impairment
 loss to the extent that the carrying value of goodwill exceeds
 its implied fair value. Management estimates the fair value of
 its reporting units using discounted cash flow valuation models.
 Those models require estimates of future revenue, profits,
 capital expenditures and working capital for each unit. We
 estimate these amounts by evaluating historical trends, current
 budgets and operating plans. We performed the annual assessment
 during the fourth quarter of 2005 and determined that goodwill
 was not impaired. We complete goodwill impairment analysis at
 least annually, or more frequently when events and circumstances
 occur indicating that the recorded goodwill might be impaired.
 Determining fair value of reporting units and goodwill includes
 significant judgment by management and different judgements
 could yield different results. 

Costs Incurred to Develop Computer Software for Internal
 Use. We account for costs incurred to develop computer
 software for internal use in accordance with Statement of
 Position (SOP) 98-1, Accounting for the Costs of
 Computer Software Developed or Obtained for Internal Use. 
 As required by SOP 98-1, the Company capitalizes the costs
 incurred during the application development stage, which include
 costs to design the software configuration and interfaces,
 coding, installation and testing. Costs incurred for internal
 use computer software during the preliminary project stage and
 through post-implementation stages of internal use computer
 software are expensed as incurred. The capitalization and
 ongoing assessment of recoverability of development cost
 requires considerable judgment by management with respect to
 certain external factors, including, but not limited to,
 technological and economic feasibility, and estimated economic
 life. Capitalized software is included in property and equipment
 and is depreciated over its estimated life, which is typically
 three years. 

22

Table of Contents 

Restructuring and Other Related Charges. We established
 exit plans for each of the restructuring activities which took
 place in 2001 and 2002 and accounted for these plans in
 accordance with EITF Issue No. 94-3, Liability
 Recognition for Certain Employee Benefits and Other Costs to
 Exit an Activity (including Certain Costs incurred in a
 Restructuring). These exit plans required that we make
 estimates as to the nature, timing and amount of the exit costs
 that we specifically identified. The consolidation of facilities
 required us to make estimates, which included contractual rental
 commitments or lease buy-outs for office space vacated and
 related costs, offset by estimated sub-lease income. We review
 on a regular basis our sub-lease assumptions and lease buy-out
 assumptions. These estimates include lease buy-out costs,
 anticipated rates to be charged to a sub-tenant, other terms and
 conditions in sub-lease contracts, and the timing of these
 sub-lease arrangements. If the rental markets continue to
 change, our lease buy-out assumptions, sub-lease assumptions and
 space requirements may not be accurate and it is possible that
 changes in these estimates could materially affect our financial
 condition and results of operations. If any future adjustments
 are required to the restructuring initiatives recorded under the
 provisions of
 EITF 94-3, such
 adjustments will be measured in accordance with
 EITF 94-3. 
 SFAS No. 146, Accounting for Costs Associated
 with Exit or Disposal Activities, was effective for exit
 or disposal activities that are initiated after
 December 31, 2002. SFAS 146 requires that a liability
 for a cost that is associated with an exit or disposal activity
 be recognized when the liability is incurred. SFAS 146
 supersedes the guidance in EITF Issue No. 94-3.
 SFAS 146 includes a rebuttable presumption that if an
 entity has a past practice of providing similar termination
 benefits to employees, the benefit arrangement is presumed to be
 an ongoing benefit arrangement that should be accounted for
 under SFAS 112, Employers Accounting for
 Postemployment Benefits. SFAS 112 prescribes the
 accounting for the estimated cost of benefits, including
 severance benefits, provided by an employer to former or
 inactive employees after employment but before retirement. A
 liability is recognized when the severance amounts relate to
 prior services rendered, the payment of the amount is probable
 and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Since the second
 quarter of 2003, we have accounted for severance-related
 restructuring charges in accordance with SFAS 112 because
 we have a history of paying similar severance benefits since
 2001. As of December 31, 2005, we have recorded 300,000 to
 restructuring and other related charges in our consolidated
 statement of operations, related to severance and termination
 benefits in accordance with SFAS 112. These charges relate
 to our 2005 initiative to reengineer general and administrative
 activities in an effort to streamline such functions. As of
 December 31, 2005, no amounts related to this liability
 have been paid. Additional costs of the restructuring related to
 the initiative announced during 2005 are expected to be
 approximately 0.7 million associated with costs incurred
 in accordance with SFAS 146, which are primarily
 stay-bonuses, that will be amortized over the period in which
 they are earned. These are expected to be paid during the second
 and third quarters of 2006. 

Our remaining cash lease commitments related to restructured
 facilities are approximately 40.9 million at
 December 31, 2005, of which approximately 47 is accrued in
 the accompanying consolidated balance sheet, and the remaining
 53 relates to sublease income assumptions. We have entered into
 signed sublease arrangements for approximately
 5.3 million, with the remaining 16.4 million for
 future estimated sublease arrangements. If the estimated
 sublease dates were to be delayed by six months, based on our
 current estimates, we would potentially have to recognize an
 additional 2.3 million in our statement of operations for
 restructuring and other related charges. Our sublease reserve is
 sensitive to the level of sublease rent anticipated and the
 timing of sublease commencement. A 10 reduction in our sublease
 rate would have resulted in an additional 2.6 million of
 charges as of the end of 2005. 

Contingent Liabilities. We have certain contingent
 liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of our business
 activities. We accrue contingent liabilities when it is probable
 that future expenditures will be made and such expenditures can
 be reasonably estimated. We are subject to various legal claims
 totaling approximately 2.9 million and various
 administrative audits, each of which have arisen in the ordinary
 course of our business. We have an accrual at December 31,
 2005 of approximately 1.0 million related to certain of
 these items. We intend to defend these matters vigorously,
 although 

23

Table of Contents 

the ultimate outcome of these items is uncertain and the
 potential loss, if any, may be significantly higher or lower
 than the amounts we have previously accrued. 

Accounting for Acquisitions. Our accounting for
 acquisitions involves significant judgments and estimates
 primarily, but not limited to: the fair value of certain forms
 of consideration, the fair value of acquired intangible assets,
 which involve projections of future revenues and cash flows, the
 fair value of other acquired assets and assumed liabilities,
 including potential contingencies, and the useful lives and, as
 applicable, the reporting unit, of the assets. The impact of
 prior or future acquisitions on our financial position or
 results of operations may be materially impacted by the change
 in or initial selection of assumptions and estimates.
 Additionally, under SFAS 142, we determine the fair value
 of the reporting unit, for purposes of the first step in our
 annual goodwill impairment test based on a discounted future
 cash flows approach. If prior or future acquisitions are not
 accretive to our results of operations as expected, or the fair
 value of a reporting unit declines dramatically, we may be
 required to complete the second step which requires significant
 judgments and estimates and which may result in material
 impairment charges in the period in which they are determined. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have not created, and are not party to, any special-purpose
or off-balance sheet entities for the purpose of raising
capital, incurring debt or operating parts of our business that
are not consolidated into our financial statements, other than
the 50 ownership interest that we held in our joint venture in
Milan, Italy until July 2, 2003, at which time our interest
in the joint venture was acquired by the management team of the
joint venture. See Equity Investments in this
Part II, Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations and
Note 18 to consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this Annual Report for a more detailed discussion
of this joint venture. We do not have any other arrangements or
relationships with entities that are not consolidated into our
financial statements that are reasonably likely to materially
affect our financial condition, results of operations,
liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.

Effect of Certain Transactions 

Investment in Consolidated Subsidiary 

On January 24, 2003, we increased our ownership percentage
in HWT, Inc. (HWT, formerly HealthWatch Technologies, LLC ), a
consolidated subsidiary by purchasing a total of
587,092 shares of HWT common stock from Jerry A. Greenberg
and J. Stuart Moore, our Co-Chairmen and Co-CEOs, for a total
purchase price of 557,737, in cash, or 0.95 per share,
which represented a substantial loss from their cost basis per
share of 5.00. Messrs. Greenberg and Moore are no longer
shareholders of HWT. We also commenced a tender offer on
January 24, 2003 to purchase the remaining shares of HWT,
for 1.05 per share, in cash, which resulted in the
purchase of 927,395 shares of HWT common stock, for a total
purchase price of 973,765. As a result of these purchases, our
ownership percentage in HWT increased from 55 to 85 . These
acquisitions were accounted for as purchases, and the purchase
price was allocated primarily to customer contracts and
developed technology, which are included in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet under the caption Purchased
intangible assets, net. These assets are being amortized
on a straight line basis over lives of 3 years.

On March 21, 2003, HWT issued 526,190 shares of its
common stock to an executive officer of HWT in connection with
the executive s initial employment with HWT. Of these
526,190 shares, 50,000 were issued as restricted stock
under the executive s employment agreement, and the
remaining shares were purchased by the executive for
 1.05 per share in cash. The restricted shares vest ratably
over a period of four years. Our ownership percentage in HWT
reduced to 79.5 as a result of the March 2003 issuance. We
recorded a gain of 365,000, as a result of the change in equity
interest resulting from the stock issuance to the executive. We
accounted for this gain as a component of stockholders 
equity due to losses incurred by HWT since inception.

24

Table of Contents 

Equity Investments 

As of December 31, 2005, we have no equity investments.

During the fourth quarter of 2002, the Company discontinued its
Sapient KK operations in Japan. On November 14, 2002, as
part of the dissolution of Sapient KK, we agreed to unwind the
cross ownership position between Dream Incubator, Inc. DI ), a management consulting company that develops
strategies for
 e-businesses in Japan,
and Sapient KK in exchange for DI lifting certain trade
restrictions on its common stock owned by us. In addition, the
Company s designee on DI s Board of Directors resigned
his position as a Director of DI in November 2002. From November
2002, we have used the cost method of accounting, since we no
longer have the ability to significantly influence DI. We sold
all of our remaining interest in DI for net cash proceeds of
 8.6 million and 585,000 in 2003 and 2002, respectively,
realizing gains of approximately 2.8 million and 43,000
in 2003 and 2002, respectively.

In September 1999, we commenced a joint venture, Sapient S.p.A.,
in Milan, Italy. The joint venture provided business and
technology consulting in Italy. We owned 50 of the voting stock
of this joint venture and used the equity method of accounting
because we had the ability to significantly influence, but not
control, the joint venture. On July 2, 2003, we reached an
agreement with the management team of Sapient S.p.A., pursuant
to which the management team acquired all of the shares of
Sapient S.p.A. from the shareholders of the joint venture and
the joint venture agreement has been terminated. The management
team is the exclusive licensee of Sapient s intellectual
property in Italy, and we are entitled to a royalty equal to 2 
of the annual revenue of Sapient S.p.A. beginning July 2,
2005. We also have an option to purchase 100 of the
ownership of Sapient S.p.A., based on a formula which estimates
fair value, among other rights. The option is exercisable from
July 2007 through July 2010.

25

Table of Contents 

Related Party Transactions 

None

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth the percentage of service
revenues of items included in our consolidated statements of
operations:

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Revenues:

Service revenues

100 

100 

100 

Reimbursable expenses

4 

5 

5 

Total gross revenues

104 

105 

105 

Operating expenses:

Project personnel costs, before reimbursable expenses

60 

56 

61 

Reimbursable expenses

4 

5 

5 

Total project personnel costs

64 

61 

66 

Selling and marketing costs

4 

6 

10 

General and administrative costs

27 

28 

31 

Restructuring and other related charges

2 

1 

Amortization of purchased intangible assets

1 

Total operating expenses

97 

96 

110 

Income (loss) from operations

7 

9 

(4) 

Other income, net

1 

Interest income

1 

1 

1 

Income (loss) before income taxes

8 

10 

(2) 

Provision for income taxes

1 

1 

1 

Benefit from release of valuation allowance

(1) 

Net income (loss)

8 

9 

(3) 

Years Ended December 31, 2005 and 2004 

Service Revenues 

Our service revenues for 2005 and 2004 were as follows:

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

Percentage 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 Increase 
 
 Increase 

(In thousands) 

Service revenues

319,496 

253,936 

65,560 

26 

The year over year increase in our service revenues is primarily
due to the continued strong growth in our U.S. business
segments. The year over year increase attributable to our
U.S. business segments was 64.7 million. Continued
demand from new and existing clients, the renegotiation of our
contract with Sprint to include a
 5-year term in our
Technology, Education, Communications and Health Care business
unit during the fourth quarter of 2004, and two large long-term
engagements signed during 2005 in our Financial Services,
Automotive, Consumer and Energy business unit, coupled with the
acquisition of BIS, helped drive

26

Table of Contents 

continued service revenue growth in our U.S. business
segments. Revenue related to our non-U.S business units
increased only slightly year over year primarily attributable to
slowed revenue growth related to service agreements associated
with our United Kingdom business unit and a decrease in revenue
related to our Germany business unit primarily due to a decrease
in revenue related to our energy service clients. Total
additional revenue as a result of our BIS acquisition was
approximately 13.0 million. The effects of foreign
currency exchange rates accounted for 1 percentage point of
the increase in service revenues in 2005 as compared to 2004.
Our recurring revenues increased to 34 of our service revenues
in 2005 from 25 in 2004. Recurring revenues are revenue
commitments of a year or more in which the client has committed
spending levels to us or chosen us as an exclusive provider of
certain services.

In 2005, our five largest clients accounted for approximately
26 of our revenues in the aggregate; one client, Sprint,
(formerly Nextel, prior to merger of Nextel and Sprint in
August, 2005) accounted for more than 10 of such revenues and
no client accounted for more than 5 of such revenues. In 2004,
our five largest clients accounted for approximately 24 of our
revenues in the aggregate; no client accounted for more than 10 
of such revenues and two clients accounted for more than 5 of
such revenues.

Project Personnel Costs, Before Reimbursable Expenses 

Project personnel costs, before reimbursable expenses, consist
principally of salaries and employee benefits for personnel
dedicated to client projects, independent contractors and direct
expenses incurred to complete projects that were not reimbursed
by the client. These costs represent the most significant
expense we incur in providing our services.

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 
 
 Increase 
 
 Percentage 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Increase 

(In thousands) 

Project personnel costs (before reimbursable expenses)

190,084 

143,202 

46,882 

33 

Project personnel costs (before reimbursable expenses) as a
 percentage of service revenues

60 

56 

4 

The increase in project personnel costs, before reimbursable
expenses, was due to the increase in the number of delivery
people worldwide in 2005 compared to 2004, coupled with an
increase in the 2005 bonus expense compared to 2004. We ended
2005 with 2,495 delivery people, of which 1,354 were India based
compared to 1,898 delivery people, of which 1,050 were India
based, at the end of 2004.

Gross profit (revenues before reimbursements less cost of
services before reimbursements) as a percentage of revenues
before reimbursements for 2005 were 40 compared to 44 in 2004.
The decrease in the gross profit was primarily due to a decrease
in our utilization rate to 74 for 2005, compared to 76 for
2004. The decrease in our 2005 utilization rate compared to 2004
is primarily due to the increase in the number of delivery
people in 2005 compared to 2004 in anticipation of our 2006
revenue growth.

Selling and Marketing Costs 

Selling and marketing costs consist principally of salaries,
employee benefits and travel expenses of selling and marketing
personnel, and promotional costs.

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

Percentage 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 Decrease 
 
 Decrease 

(In thousands) 

Selling and marketing costs

14,029 

15,208 

(1,179) 

(8) 

Selling and marketing costs as a percentage of service revenues

4 

6 

(2) 

27

Table of Contents 

Selling and marketing costs decreased in absolute dollars for
2005 compared to 2004, primarily due to a decrease in
compensation expenses as a result the re-assignment of some of
our higher paid sales people to delivery due to internal growth
initiatives. In addition, commission expense decreased as a
result of the slowing of signing new business related to our
non-U.S. business units. This decrease was offset by an increase
in travel expenses as we continue to focus on recurring revenue
engagements, which leverage our existing client relationships.
The decrease as a percentage of service revenues is primarily
due to our higher revenue base during 2005 compared to 2004. The
number of selling and marketing personnel increased to 57 people
at the end of 2005 compared to 45 people at the end of 2004.

If our service revenues do not grow as we expect in 2006,
selling and marketing costs could increase as a percentage of
revenues.

General and Administrative Costs 

General and administrative costs relate principally to salaries
and employee benefits associated with our management, legal,
finance, information technology, hiring, training and
administrative groups, and depreciation and occupancy expenses.

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 
 
 Increase 
 
 Percentage 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Increase 

(In thousands) 

General and administrative expenses

86,323 

71,371 

14,952 

21 

General and administrative expenses as a percentage of service
 revenues

27 

28 

(1) 

General and administrative costs increased in absolute dollars
for 2005 compared to 2004. The increase was primarily due to
increased salaries and employee benefits associated with
increased headcount to support our worldwide growth in revenues
and billable head count. The number of general and
administrative personnel increased to 465 at the end of 2005,
compared to 371 at the end of 2004, primarily in finance, hiring
and administrative groups.

Our general and administrative costs include a foreign currency
translation loss of approximately 1.3 million in 2005,
compared to a foreign currency translation loss of approximately
 54 thousand in 2004. These losses were primarily related to
intercompany foreign currency translations that were of a
short-term nature.

Restructuring and Other Related Charges 

We recorded restructuring and other related charges of
approximately 7.2 million during 2005.

We initiated a restructuring plan during the fourth quarter of
2005 as part of our initiative to reengineer general and
administrative G activities in an effort to
streamline such functions. As we reengineer our G&A
functions, in addition to streamlining G&A processes, we
will be transferring a number of support activities to India.
The activities that are being moved principally relate to
finance, human resources, and internal IT functions. As a
result, some jobs in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany
and Canada will be eliminated. As of December 31, 2005,
this initiative has resulted in severance notification to
approximately sixty employees and the Company recorded
 0.3 million to restructuring and other related charges in
its consolidated statement of operations, related to severance
and termination benefits in accordance with SFAS 112,
 Employers Accounting for Postemployment
Benefits . The charge was not recorded to a segment but
included in Reconciling items in our Results by
Operating Segment. As of December 31, 2005, no amounts
related to this liability have been paid. Additional costs of
the restructuring related to the initiative announced during
2005 are expected to be approximately 0.7 million
associated with costs incurred in accordance with SFAS 146,
primarily stay-bonuses, which will be amortized over the period
in which they are earned and are expected to be paid and earned
during the second and third quarters of 2006.

28

Table of Contents 

We recorded restructuring charges during 2005 of approximately
 6.9 million, primarily due to a decrease in estimated
sublease income associated with our restructured Santa Monica,
California and Jersey City, New Jersey locations. Included in
the 6.9 million restructuring and other related charges is
a charge of 930 thousand recorded in the fourth quarter of
2005 related to the correction of restructuring charges for rent
obligations in prior periods and approximately
 350 thousand recorded in the fourth quarter of 2005
related to the write-off of leasehold improvements from our
facilities vacated in prior periods. The prior period impact
includes: approximately 119 thousand related to each of
the first three quarters of 2005, approximately
 570 thousand related to 2004, approximately
 10 thousand related to 2003 and approximately
 340 thousand related to 2002 and prior. Management has
concluded that the impact of these adjustments on the current
and prior periods is immaterial. We received proposals during
the fourth and second quarters of 2005 from potential subtenants
at price ranges below originally established rates, which
resulted in management reevaluating its originally established
sublease assumptions. Interest from potential subtenants during
the second and fourth quarters of 2005, and discussions with our
professional real estate broker during 2005 required management
to reevaluate the property s rentable market value. The
adjustment in estimated proposed sublease income reflects the
sublease proposal rates we received during the fourth quarter of
2005. Subsequent to December 31, 2005, the Company has
signed certain sublease agreements at the sublease rates we had
estimated. The Company has not finalized all sublease agreements
and is currently involved in negotiations to sublease the vacant
space.

The Company recorded restructuring charges of 1.1 million
during 2004, primarily due to decreases in estimated sub-lease
income in connection with the restructuring plans previously
announced. No employees were terminated in connection with these
restructuring charges.

Charges for restructuring and other related activities as of,
and for the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004 were as
follows (in thousands):

Workforce 
 
 Facilities 
 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2004

11 

25,552 

25,563 

Adjustment

(11) 

(11) 

Additional charges

300 

6,918 

7,218 

Non-cash, utilized

(1,774) 

(1,774) 

Cash utilized

(9,421) 

(9,421) 

Balance, December 31, 2005

300 

21,275 

21,575 

Current accrued restructuring costs

6,565 

Non-current accrued restructuring costs

15,010 

Workforce 
 
 Facilities 
 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2003

242 

40,545 

40,787 

Additional charges

(182) 

1,290 

1,108 

Non-cash, utilized

(2,344) 

(2,344) 

Cash utilized

(49) 

(13,939) 

(13,988) 

Balance, December 31, 2004

11 

25,552 

25,563 

Current accrued restructuring costs

10,560 

Non-current accrued restructuring costs

15,003 

The remaining accrued restructuring costs are 21.6 million
at December 31, 2005, of which the cash portion is
 21.3 million. The net cash outlay over the next
 12-month period is
expected to be 6.6 million and the remainder will be paid
through 2011.

29

Table of Contents 

These restructuring charges and accruals require significant
estimates and assumptions, including sublease income
assumptions, lease buy-out costs and other related costs. Our
sublease income assumptions include anticipated rates to be
charged to a sub-tenant and the timing of the sublease
arrangement. These estimates and assumptions are monitored on at
least a quarterly basis for changes in circumstances. It is
reasonably possible that such estimates could change in the
future, resulting in additional adjustments, and these
adjustments could be material.

Amortization of Intangible Assets 

During 2005, amortization of intangible assets consisted
primarily of amortization of intangible assets including: SAP
license agreement and customer list relating to the 2005 BIS
acquisition and customer contracts and developed technology
resulting from prior acquisitions. During 2004, amortization of
intangible assets consisted primarily of amortization of
customer contracts and developed technology resulting from prior
acquisitions and investments in consolidated subsidiaries.
Amortization expense related to intangible assets was
 1.1 million for 2005 and 515,000 for 2004. Amortization
expense related to intangible assets at December 31, 2005
is expected to be approximately 1,042,000, 717,000, 529,000,
 460,000 and 192,000 for the years ending December 31,
2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2010, respectively.

Interest Income 

Interest income is derived primarily from investments in
U.S. government securities, corporate debt securities,
commercial paper, time deposits and money market funds.

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

Percentage 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 Increase 
 
 Increase 

(In thousands) 

Interest income

4,240 

2,655 

1,585 

60 

Interest income increased primarily due to higher prevailing
interest rates.

Provision (Benefit from) for Income Taxes 

We have deferred tax assets that have arisen primarily as a
result of net operating losses incurred in 2001, 2002 and 2003,
as well as other temporary differences between book and tax
accounting. Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes, requires
the establishment of a valuation allowance to reflect the
likelihood of realization of deferred tax assets. Significant
management judgment is required in determining our provision for
income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities and any
valuation allowance recorded against the net deferred tax
assets. As a result of net operating losses incurred from 2001
through 2003, and uncertainty as to the extent, and timing of
profitability in future periods, at December 31, 2005 we
have continued to record a valuation allowance against our
deferred tax assets in the United States of 103.8 million
and at December 31, 2004, against our deferred tax assets
in the United States and Germany of 115.0 million. In
2005, the Company has concluded that Germany s deferred
taxes will be realized in the foreseeable future and as such has
released the full valuation allowance resulting in an income
statement benefit of 4.3 million at the end of
December 31, 2005. For the years ended December 31,
2005 and 2004, we recorded an income tax provision (benefit) of
approximately 612) thousand and 2.4 million,
respectively. Excluding the benefit from the reversal of the
 4.3 million and 635 thousand foreign valuation allowances
in 2005 and 2004, respectively, our income tax provision is
primarily related to foreign, federal alternative minimum tax
and state tax obligations. As of December 31, 2005, and
reflected in the tax provision, is a deferred tax liability of
approximately 188 thousand that has been recorded as a
result of the goodwill acquired in connection with the BIS
acquisition. See Note 3.

We have evaluated our position with respect to FASB Staff
Position (FSP) 109-2, Accounting and Disclosure
Guidance for Foreign Earnings Repatriation Provision within the
American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, (the Act and concluded that we do not anticipate any benefit as a result
of the enactment of the Act. Additionally, we evaluated our
position with respect to FSP FAS 109-1, Application
of FASB

30

Table of Contents 

Statement No. 109, and Accounting for Income
Taxes, to the Tax Deduction on Qualified Production
Activities Provided by the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004.
FSP FAS 109-1 clarifies that the domestic manufacturing
deduction associated with the Act should be accounted for as a
special deduction (rather than a rate reduction) under
SFAS 109. Under this provision, we do not foresee any
significant impact to our income tax liability.

Our effective tax rate may vary from period to period based on
changes in estimated taxable income or loss, changes to the
valuation allowance, changes to federal, state or foreign tax
laws, future expansion into areas with varying country, state,
and local income tax rates, deductibility of certain costs and
expenses by jurisdiction and as a result of acquisitions.

Results by Operating Segment 

We have discrete financial data by operating segments available
based on our method of internal reporting, which disaggregates
our operations on a business unit basis for our United States
operations and geographic basis for our international
operations. Operating segments are defined as components of the
Company concerning which separate financial information is
available to manage resources and evaluate performance.
Beginning with the first quarter of 2005, we combined two of our
United States business units and reorganized certain groups
within the business units. Specifically, we combined our
Financial Services business unit and our Automotive, Consumer
and Energy business units into one business unit, which is now
named Financial Services, Automotive, Consumer and Energy. In
addition, within the Public Services business unit, we separated
the Government, Education and Health Care groups: the Education
and Health Care groups were combined with the Technology and
Communications business unit, and Government became a standalone
business unit. These changes reduced the number of United States
business units to three: (i) Financial Services,
Automotive, Consumer and Energy, (ii) Technology,
Education, Communications and Health Care and
(iii) Government. We reported four business units in the
United States prior to the first quarter of 2005. In addition,
we have three international business units: United Kingdom,
Germany and Canada. We have reported our results by operating
segments accordingly, and quarterly and annual results for
operating segments for 2004 have been reclassified to reflect
these changes.

Subsequent to the acquisition, we incorporated BIS into the
appropriate individual operating segments. We included BIS
service revenues and operating income in the respective
operating segment from which revenue was derived. We have
reported our results by operating segments accordingly, and year
to date results for operating segments for 2005 have been
reclassified to reflect these changes.

We do not allocate certain selling, marketing and general and
administrative expenses to our business unit segments in the
United States because these activities are managed separately
from the business units. Asset information by operating segment
is not reported to or reviewed by the chief operating decision
makers and, therefore, we have not disclosed asset information
for each operating segment.

31

Table of Contents 

The tables below present the service revenues and operating
income attributable to our operating segments for the periods
presented. The all other category represents HWT,
Inc. (formerly HealthWatch Technologies, LLC), a majority-owned
subsidiary.

Year Ended 

Percentage 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 
 
 Increase 
 
 Increase 

Service Revenues 
 
 2005 
 
 2004 
 
 (Decrease) 
 
 (Decrease) 

(In thousands) 

Financial Services/ Automotive/ Consumer/ Energy

105,203 

73,918 

31,285 

42 

Technology/ Education / Communications/ HealthCare

69,941 

45,690 

24,251 

53 

Government

24,558 

15,797 

8,761 

55 

United Kingdom

65,695 

63,770 

1,925 

3 

Germany

28,931 

32,089 

(3,158) 

(10) 

Canada

19,153 

17,013 

2,140 

13 

Total Reportable Segments

313,481 

248,277 

65,204 

26 

All other

6,015 

5,659 

356 

6 

Consolidated Total

319,496 

253,936 

65,560 

26 

Year Ended 

Percentage 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 
 
 Increase 
 
 Increase 

Operating Income (Loss) 
 
 2005 
 
 2004 
 
 (Decrease 
 
 (Decrease) 

(In thousands) 

Financial Services/ Automotive/ Consumer/ Energy(1)

35,625 

24,437 

11,188 

46 

Technology/ Education / Communications/ HealthCare(1)

21,138 

15,363 

5,775 

38 

Government(1)

10,452 

5,850 

4,602 

79 

United Kingdom

3,300 

6,418 

(3,118) 

(49) 

Germany

3,630 

6,835 

(3,205) 

(47) 

Canada

3,646 

4,647 

(1,001) 

(22) 

Total Reportable Segments(1)

77,791 

63,550 

14,241 

22 

All other(1)

1,099 

3,581 

(2,482) 

(69) 

Reconciling items(2)

(53,804) 

(41,879) 

(11,925) 

28 

Consolidated Income Before Income Taxes(3)

25,086 

25,252 

(166) 

1 

(1) 
 
 Reflects only the direct controllable expenses of each business
 unit segment. It does not represent the total operating results
 for each business unit segment in the United States, as it does
 not contain an allocation of certain corporate and general and
 administrative expenses incurred in support of the business unit
 segments. 

32

Table of Contents 

(2) 
 
 Adjustments that are made to the total of the segments 
 operating income in order to arrive at consolidated income
 before income taxes include the following: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2005 
 
 2004 

Unallocated restructuring and other related charges

7,218 

1,108 

Amortization of intangible assets

1,104 

515 

Stock-based compensation

1,770 

779 

Other income

(108) 

(65) 

Interest income

(4,240) 

(2,655) 

Unallocated expenses(4)

48,060 

42,197 

53,804 

41,879 

(3) 
 
 Represents consolidated income (loss) before income taxes. 

(4) 
 
 Includes corporate portion of both selling and marketing and
 general and administrative costs. 

Service Revenues by Operating Segments 

Consolidated service revenues for 2005, compared to 2004,
increased 26 in U.S. dollars and 25 in local currency
terms. Five out of six reportable operating segments recorded
increased service revenues during this period. The increase in
our Financial Services, Automotive, Consumer and Energy business
unit for 2005 compared to 2004, was primarily due to continued
demand from clients in the financial and energy industries and
two large long-term engagements signed during 2005, coupled with
the acquisition of BIS. The increase in our Technology,
Education, Communications, and Health Care business unit for
2005 compared to 2004, was a result of the continued demand from
new and existing clients in the technology and communications
industries. In addition, we renegotiated our agreement with
Sprint into a longer term, multi-year, contract. The increase in
our Government business unit s service revenues for 2005
compared to 2004, was due to increased demand from our
government clients. Our United Kingdom business unit s
service revenue increased slightly for 2005 compared to 2004,
primarily due to growth in demand in the financial services and
telecommunications industries offset by a year over year decline
in revenue related to a service agreement in the United Kingdom.
Our Germany and Canada business units service revenue
decreased for 2005 compared to 2004, due to a general slowing in
the signing of new business.

Operating Income (Loss) by Operating Segments 

All of our reportable segments had profitable operating results
for 2005. Operating income for our U.S. operating segments
increased significantly during 2005, compared to 2004, primarily
due to sustained revenue growth from new and existing clients.
Our United Kingdom, Germany and Canada operating segments did
not have improved operating results for 2005 compared to 2004.
Lower operating results in the United Kingdom, Germany and
Canada are primarily due to a decrease in average utilization
rates resulting from lower than expected service revenues.

Years Ended December 31, 2004 and 2003 

Service Revenues 

Our service revenues for 2004 and 2003 were as follows:

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

Percentage 

2004 
 
 2003 
 
 Increase 
 
 Increase 

(In thousands) 

Service revenues

253,936 

184,795 

69,141 

37 

33

Table of Contents 

The increase in our recurring revenues combined with the overall
increase in demand for our services were the primary drivers of
the year over year increase in our service revenues. The effects
of foreign currency exchange rates accounted for 6 of the
increase. Our recurring revenues increased to 25 of our service
revenues in 2004 from 17 in 2003. Recurring revenues are
revenue commitments of a year or more in which the client has
committed spending levels to us or chosen us as an exclusive
provider of certain services.

In 2004, our five largest clients accounted for approximately
24 of our revenues in the aggregate; no client accounted for
more than 10 of such revenues and two clients accounted for
more than 5 of such revenues. In 2003, our five largest clients
accounted for approximately 23 of our revenues in the
aggregate; no client accounted for more than 10 of such
revenues and one client accounted for more than 5 of such
revenues.

Project Personnel Costs, Before Reimbursable Expenses 

Project personnel costs, before reimbursable expenses, consist
principally of salaries and employee benefits for personnel
dedicated to client projects, independent contractors and direct
expenses incurred to complete projects that were not reimbursed
by the client. These costs represent the most significant
expense we incur in providing our services.

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 
 
 Increase 
 
 Percentage 

2004 
 
 2003 
 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Increase 

(In thousands) 

Project personnel costs (before reimbursable expenses)

143,202 

112,925 

30,277 

27 

Project personnel costs (before reimbursable expenses) as a
 percentage of service revenues

56 

61 

(5) 

The increase in project personnel costs, before reimbursable
expenses, was primarily due to the increase in the proportion of
our India-based effort relative to the total number of delivery
people globally, in 2004 compared to 2003. We ended 2004 with
1,898 delivery people, of which, 1,050 were in India compared to
a total of 1,176 delivery people, of which 586 delivery people
were in India at the end of 2003. Our utilization rate decreased
slightly from 77 for 2003 to 76 for 2004.

Selling and Marketing Costs 

Selling and marketing costs consist principally of salaries,
employee benefits and travel expenses of selling and marketing
personnel, and promotional costs.

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

Percentage 

2004 
 
 2003 
 
 Decrease 
 
 Decrease 

(In thousands) 

Selling and marketing costs

15,208 

18,560 

(3,352) 

(18) 

Selling and marketing costs as a percentage of service revenues

6 

10 

(4) 

Selling and marketing costs decreased in absolute dollars due
primarily to our focus on recurring revenues, which leverage our
existing client relationships. The decrease in percentage of
service revenues is primarily due to our higher revenue base.
The number of selling and marketing personnel decreased to
45 people at the end of 2004 compared to 51 people at the
end of 2003.

34

Table of Contents 

General and Administrative Costs 

General and administrative costs relate principally to salaries
and employee benefits associated with our management, legal,
finance, information technology, hiring, training and
administrative groups, and depreciation and occupancy expenses.

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 
 
 Increase 
 
 Percentage 

2004 
 
 2003 
 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Increase 

(In thousands) 

General and administrative expenses

71,371 

57,595 

13,776 

24 

General and administrative expenses as a percentage of service
 revenues

28 

31 

(3) 

General and administrative costs decreased as a percentage of
service revenues due to our increased revenue base. The increase
in absolute dollars was primarily due to increased salaries and
employee benefits associated with increased head count, an
increase in consulting costs primarily related to Sarbanes-Oxley
Section 404 compliance and an increase in our audit and tax
expense. During 2004, we incurred costs of approximately
 2.1 million relating to Sarbanes-Oxley Section 404
compliance. Due to our recent growth, the number of general and
administrative personnel increased to 371 people at the end of
2004 compared to 256 people at the end of 2003, primarily
in finance, hiring and administrative groups.

Our general and administrative costs include a foreign currency
translation loss of approximately 54,000) in 2004, compared to
a foreign currency translation gain of 1.1 million in
2003. These gains and losses were primarily related to
intercompany foreign currency translations that were of a
short-term nature.

Restructuring and Other Related Charges 

As a result of the decline in the demand for technology
consulting services that began in the second half of 2000, and
the resulting decline in our service revenues in 2001 and 2002,
we restructured our workforce and operations in 2001, 2002 and
the second quarter of 2003.

The Company recorded restructuring and other related charges of
approximately 1.1 million during 2004, primarily due to
decreases in estimated sub-lease income in connection with the
restructuring plans previously announced. No employees were
terminated in connection with the restructuring charges recorded
in 2004.

In connection with the restructuring plan implemented in the
second quarter of 2003, we recorded restructuring and other
related charges of approximately 1.4 million. This
restructuring action, which resulted in the termination of 40
employees was due to the skill sets of certain employees not
matching our current business requirements as well as a
significant decline in the demand for our services in our
Financial Services business unit through the second quarter of
2003. In the third quarter of 2003, we recorded restructuring
and other related charges of approximately 0.7 million,
primarily due to decreases in our estimated sub-lease income in
connection with the restructuring plans previously announced.

In connection with the restructuring plans implemented in 2002,
we recorded restructuring and other related charges of
approximately 66.9 million during 2002. The 2002
restructuring plans resulted in the termination of 863
employees. The restructuring plans also included discontinuing
operations in Japan, closing offices in Houston and Denver and
consolidating office space in other cities where we had excess
office space. Estimated costs for the consolidation of
facilities are composed of contractual rental commitments for
office space vacated and related costs, brokerage and related
costs to sublet the office space and leasehold improvement
write-downs, offset by estimated sub-lease income. The total
reduction of office space resulting from these office closings
and consolidations was approximately 391,000 square feet.

35

Table of Contents 

Charges for restructuring and other related activities as of,
and for the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003 were as
follows (in thousands):

Workforce 
 
 Facilities 
 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2003

242 

40,545 

40,787 

Additional charges

(182) 

1,290 

1,108 

Non-cash, utilized

(2,344) 

(2,344) 

Cash utilized

(49) 

(13,939) 

(13,988) 

Balance, December 31, 2004

11 

25,552 

25,563 

Current accrued restructuring costs

10,560 

Non-current accrued restructuring costs

15,003 

Workforce 
 
 Facilities 
 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2002

5,133 

68,443 

73,576 

Additional charges

1,572 

563 

2,135 

Non-cash, utilized

(16) 

(2,379) 

(2,395) 

Cash utilized

(6,447) 

(26,082) 

(32,529) 

Balance, December 31, 2003

242 

40,545 

40,787 

Current accrued restructuring costs

18,237 

Non-current accrued restructuring costs

22,550 

The remaining accrued restructuring costs are 25.6 million
at December 31, 2004, of which the cash portion is
 24.3 million.

Amortization of Intangible Assets 

During 2004, amortization of intangible assets consisted
primarily of amortization of customer contracts and developed
technology resulting from prior acquisitions and investments in
consolidated subsidiaries. Amortization expense related to the
intangible assets was 515,000 and 1.8 million for 2004
and 2003, respectively. The decrease in amortization of
intangible assets for 2004 as compared to 2003 was primarily due
to various intangible assets becoming fully amortized during
2003.

Other Income 

Other income primarily consisted of realized gain and loss from
disposition of our investment in shares of common stock of DI in
2003.

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

Percentage 

2004 
 
 2003 
 
 Decrease 
 
 Decrease 

(In thousands) 

Other income (expense)

65 

2,729 

(2,664) 

(98) 

Other income decreased due to a realized gain of approximately
 2.8 million from the sale of shares of common stock we
held in DI during 2003.

36

Table of Contents 

Interest Income 

Interest income is derived primarily from investments in
U.S. government securities, tax-exempt, short-term
municipal bonds and commercial paper.

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

Percentage 

2004 
 
 2003 
 
 Increase 
 
 Increase 

(In thousands) 

Interest income

2,655 

1,902 

753 

40 

Interest income increased primarily due to higher prevailing
interest rates and our slightly higher average cash and
marketable investment balances.

Provision (Benefit from) for Income Taxes 

We have deferred tax assets which have arisen primarily as a
result of net operating losses incurred in 2001, 2002 and 2003,
as well as other temporary differences between book and tax
accounting. Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes, requires
the establishment of a valuation allowance to reflect the
likelihood of realization of deferred tax assets. Significant
management judgment is required in determining our provision for
income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any
valuation allowance recorded against the net deferred tax
assets. As a result of net operating losses incurred and
uncertainty as to the extent, jurisdiction and timing of
profitability in future periods, we have continued to record a
valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets in the
United States and Germany of approximately 115.0 million
at December 31, 2004 and against our deferred tax assets in
the United States, Germany, Canada and the United Kingdom of
approximately 118.0 million at December 31, 2003. The
Company has concluded that the United Kingdom s and
Canada s deferred taxes will be realized in the foreseeable
future and, as such, has released the full valuation allowance
resulting in a one time income tax benefit of 635 thousand in
2004. We recorded a net income tax provision of
 2.4 million for 2004. Excluding the benefit from the 635
thousand foreign valuation reversals in 2004, our income tax
provision is primarily related to federal alternative minimum
tax, state minimum taxes and foreign taxes. We recorded a net
income tax provision of 1.3 million for 2003. Excluding
the benefit which related primarily to state minimum taxes and
foreign taxes, our effective tax rate may vary from period to
period based on changes in estimated taxable income or loss,
changes to the valuation allowance, changes to federal, state or
foreign tax laws, future expansion into areas with varying
country, state, and local income tax rates, deductibility of
certain costs and expenses by jurisdiction and as a result of
acquisitions.

Results by Operating Segment 

We have discrete financial data by operating segments available
based on our method of internal reporting, which disaggregates
our operations on a business unit basis for our United States
operations and geographic basis for our international
operations. Operating segments are defined as components of the
Company concerning which separate financial information is
available to manage resources and evaluate performance.
Beginning with the first quarter of 2005, we combined two of our
United States business units and reorganized certain groups
within the business units. Specifically, we combined our
Financial Services business unit and our Automotive, Consumer
and Energy business units into one business unit, which is now
named Financial Services, Automotive, Consumer and Energy. In
addition, within the Public Services business unit, we separated
the Government, Education and Health Care groups: the Education
and Health Care groups were combined with the Technology and
Communications business unit, and Government became a standalone
business unit. These changes reduced the number of United States
business units to three: (i) Financial Services,
Automotive, Consumer and Energy, (ii) Technology,
Education, Communications and Health Care and
(iii) Government. We reported four business units in the
United States prior to the first quarter of 2005. In addition,
we have three international business units: United Kingdom,
Germany and Canada. We have reported our results by operating
segments accordingly, and quarterly and year to date results for
operating segments for 2004 and 2003 have been reclassified to
reflect these changes.

37

Table of Contents 

We do not allocate certain selling, marketing and general and
administrative expenses to our business unit segments in the
United States because these activities are managed separately
from the business units. Asset information by operating segment
is not reported to or reviewed by the chief operating decision
maker and, therefore, we have not disclosed asset information
for each operating segment.

The tables below present the service revenues and operating
income (loss) attributable to these operating segments for 2004
and 2003. The all other category includes HWT and
unallocated costs relating to India.

Year Ended 

Percentage 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 
 
 Increase 
 
 Increase 

Service Revenues 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 
 
 (Decrease) 
 
 (Decrease) 

(In thousands) 

Financial Services/ Automotive/Consumer/ Energy

73,918 

55,596 

18,322 

33 

Technology/ Education/ Communications/ HealthCare

45,690 

34,030 

11,660 

34 

Government

15,797 

14,461 

1,336 

9 

United Kingdom

63,770 

51,211 

12,559 

25 

Germany

32,089 

17,784 

14,305 

80 

Canada

17,013 

7,610 

9,403 

100 

Total Reportable Segments

248,277 

180,692 

67,585 

37 

All other

5,659 

4,103 

1,556 

38 

Consolidated Total

253,936 

184,795 

69,141 

37 

Year Ended 

Percentage 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 
 
 Increase 
 
 Increase 

Operating Income (Loss) 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 
 
 (Decrease) 
 
 (Decrease) 

(In thousands) 

Financial Services/ Automotive/Consumer/ Energy(1)

24,437 

18,958 

5,479 

29 

Technology/ Education/ Communications/ HealthCare(1)

15,363 

7,588 

7,775 

100 

Government(1)

5,850 

2,538 

3,312 

100 

United Kingdom

6,418 

(1,830) 

8,248 

100 

Germany

6,835 

2,333 

4,502 

100 

Canada

4,647 

1,558 

3,089 

100 

Total Reportable Segments(1)

63,550 

31,145 

32,405 

100 

All other(1)

3,581 

1,695 

1,886 

100 

Reconciling items(2)

(41,879) 

(36,401) 

(5,478) 

15 

Consolidated Income Before Income Taxes(3)

25,252 

(3,561) 

28,813 

100 

(1) 
 
 Reflects only the direct controllable expenses of each business
 unit segment. It does not represent the total operating results
 for each business unit segment in the United States as it does
 not contain an allocation of certain corporate and general and
 administrative expenses incurred in support of the business unit
 segments. 

38

Table of Contents 

(2) 
 
 Adjustments that are made to the total of the segments 
 operating income (loss) in order to arrive at consolidated
 income (loss) before income taxes include the following: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2004 
 
 2003 

Restructuring and other related charges

1,108 

Unallocated restructuring and other related charges

737 

Amortization of intangible assets

515 

1,772 

Stock-based compensation

779 

1,089 

Other income

(65) 

(2,729) 

Interest income

(2,655) 

(1,902) 

Unallocated expenses

42,197 
 (4) 

37,434 
 (4) 

41,879 

36,401 

(3) 
 
 Represents consolidated income (loss) before income taxes. 

(4) 
 
 Includes corporate portion of both selling and marketing and
 general and administrative costs. 

Service Revenues by Operating Segments 

Consolidated service revenues for our seven reportable operating
segments for 2004 increased 37 from consolidated service
revenues for these segments for 2003, of which 6 was
attributable to the effects of foreign currency exchange rates.
All six of our reportable operating segments recorded increased
service revenues during this period. The increase in our
Financial Services, Automotive, Consumer and Energy business
unit s service revenues for 2004 compared to 2003, was
primarily due to increased demand from clients in the financial,
energy and automotive industries in the United States. The
increase in our Technology, Education, Communications and Health
Care business unit s service revenues for 2004 compared to
2003, was primarily due to increased demand from new and
existing clients in the technology and communications industries
in the United States. Service revenues from our Government
business unit increased for 2004 compared to 2003, due to growth
related to our government clients. The increase in our United
Kingdom business unit s service revenues for 2004 compared
to 2003, was primarily due to increased revenues from large
government, healthcare and energy clients as well as the
strengthening of the Pound Sterling against the
U.S. dollar. Without the effect of foreign exchange
fluctuations, the increase in services revenues for our United
Kingdom business unit would have been 11 . The increase in our
Germany business unit s service revenues for 2004 compared
to 2003, was primarily due to increased demand from clients in
the energy industry as well as the strengthening of the Euro
against the U.S. dollar. Without the effect of foreign
currency fluctuations, the increase in service revenues for our
Germany business unit would have been 66 . The increase in our
Canada business unit s service revenues for 2004 compared
to 2003, was primarily due to increased demand from clients in
the energy and financial service industry as well as the
strengthening of the Canadian dollar against the
U.S. dollar. Without the effect of foreign currency
fluctuations, the increase in service revenues for our Canada
business unit would have been 111 .

Operating Income (Loss) by Operating Segments 

Operating income for our reportable segments increased
significantly during 2004, compared to 2003, and all of our
reportable segments had profitable operating results. Our
Financial Services/ Automotive/ Consumer/ Energy;
Technology/Education/Communications/Healthcare; Government;
Germany; United Kingdom; and Canada business units all reported
increases in operating income and improvements in their
operating margin in 2004, compared to 2003. These improvements
are primarily the result of the increase in our recurring
revenues and the shift of contractor mix to India.

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

During 2005 and 2004 we funded our operations from cash flows
generated from operations. We invest our excess cash
predominantly in instruments that are highly liquid, investment
grade securities. At

39

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2005, we had approximately 157.8 million
in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and marketable
investments, compared to 175.6 million at
December 31, 2004.

We have deposited approximately 1.5 million with various
banks as collateral for letters of credit and performance bonds,
and have classified this cash as restricted on our consolidated
balance sheet at December 31, 2005.

At December 31, 2005, we had the following contractual
obligations:

Payments Due By Period 

Less Than 
 
 1-3 
 
 3-5 
 
 More Than 

One Year 
 
 Years 
 
 Years 
 
 5 Years 
 
 Total 

(In thousands) 

Operating leases

7,154 

9,433 

5,186 

1,943 

23,716 

Cash outlays for restructuring and other related activities(1)

7,085 

11,823 

12,464 

5,158 

36,530 

Purchase obligations(2)

3,098 

1,583 

4,681 

Total

17,337 

22,839 

17,650 

7,101 

64,927 

(1) 
 
 Cash outlays for restructuring and other related activities
 include 1.0 million for the estimated anticipated
 severance payments minimum future lease and related payments for
 excess facilities, net of estimated sublease income of
 5.3 million under existing arrangements, excluding
 expected sublease arrangements of approximately
 16.4 million. 

(2) 
 
 Purchase obligations represent minimum commitments due to third
 parties, including subcontractor agreements, telecommunication
 contracts, IT maintenance contracts in support of internal use
 software and hardware and other marketing and consulting
 contracts. Contracts for which our commitment is variable based
 on volumes, with no fixed minimum quantities, and contracts that
 can be cancelled without payment penalties, have been excluded.
 Amounts presented also exclude accounts payable and accrued
 expenses at December 31, 2005. 

Cash provided by operating activities was 27.2 million for
2005, primarily attributable to, net income of
 25.7 million, adjusted for, decreases in restricted cash
of 4.8 million, increase in accrued compensation of
 7.4 million and net non-cash charges of 5.3 million,
including 7.5 million of depreciation and amortization,
 1.8 million of stock-based compensation and
 4.3 million decrease primarily attributable to the release
of our German valuation allowance, offset by increases in our
accounts receivable of 8.6 million, prepaid expenses of
 1.5 million and decreases in our accrued restructuring
cost of 2.6 million, and deferred revenue on contracts of
 2.1 million. Days sales outstanding DSO is
calculated based on actual service revenue for the three months
ended December 31, 2005 and 2004 and accounts receivable,
net, adjusted for unbilled revenues on contracts and deferred
revenues on contracts balances as December 31 2005 and
2004. Our DSO for accounts receivable, net decreased from
81 days for 2004 to 71 days for 2005. The decrease in
our DSO is primarily a result of the strong focus we have placed
on cash collections and working capital management in the fourth
quarter.

Cash used in investing activities was 11.7 million for
2005. This was due primarily to the net cash paid for the BIS
acquisition of approximately 13.3 million (which also
included non-cash consideration of 3.3 million relating to
the issuance of common stock), capital expenditures of
 14.5 million, offset by 16.1 million of net purchase
and sale of marketable investments. Our capital expenditures for
2005 included approximately 8.1 million related to the
build-out of our Indian facility, which includes leasehold
improvements, equipment and furniture and fixtures,
approximately 3.8 million of software, of which
 2.8 million related to capitalized software, and
approximately 2.3 million of hardware used to supply our
growing employee base. We estimate that we will incur additional
capitalized software costs of approximately 400,000 
 600,000 that will be capitalized during 2006 under
SOP 98-1 associated with internal financial systems and
human resource management upgrades in process.

40

Table of Contents 

Cash used in financing activities was 10.4 million in
2005, as 17.6 million of stock repurchases was offset by
 7.2 million of cash proceeds provided from the sale of
common stock through our employee stock purchase plan and the
exercise of stock options.

On November 16, 2004, the Board of Directors authorized a
stock repurchase program of up to 25.0 million over a
two-year period. During 2005, we repurchased 3.0 million
shares of our common stock at an average price of 5.84 per
share for an aggregate purchase price of 17.6 million. On
February 10, 2006, the Board of Directors authorized a
stock repurchase program allowing for the repurchase of up to an
additional 25.0 million of our common stock over a
two-year period; therefore, together with the previous purchase
of stock repurchase program, we are authorized to repurchase an
aggregate of 50.0 million of our common stock. Shares
purchased under the stock repurchase programs are held as
treasury shares. As of March 1, 2006, the Company has
repurchased an additional 1,040,000 shares of our common stock
at an average price of 5.98 per share for an aggregate
purchase price of approximately 6.2 million, leaving
 26.5 million available for future repurchases. The
purchase price for the shares repurchased was reflected as a
reduction to shareholders equity. We have not set a target
for repurchases and will repurchase shares on the open market or
in private transactions from time to time depending on market
conditions.

On January 3, 2006, the Company purchased Planning Group
International, Inc PGI ), a privately held company,
which specializes in online, offline and multi-channel marketing
strategies and programs. Consideration for the acquisition
totaled 39.0 million, including transaction costs of
 0.6 million. The consideration consisted of approximately
 29.2 million in cash paid at closing, the issuance of
1,306,908 shares of common stock valued at
 7.6 million, and additional payments made to PGI
shareholders of 1.6 million during January 2006. The
 7.6 million of common stock consideration related to the
issuance of 1,306,908 shares of common stock is based on
the average market price of the Company s common shares
over the 5-day period
immediately prior to and including the Closing Date (the
 Buyer Share Price equaled 5.83 per share).

We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, restricted
cash and marketable investments will be sufficient to meet our
working capital and capital expenditure requirements and
expected cash outlay for our previously recorded restructuring
activities for at least the next 12 months.

New Accounting Pronouncements 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 123R, Share-Based Payment SFAS 123R ). SFAS 123R replaces
SFAS 123 and supersedes Accounting Principles Board Opinion
No. 25 APB 25 ). SFAS 123R focuses
primarily on accounting for transactions in which an entity
obtains employee services in exchange for share-based payments.
SFAS 123R requires companies to recognize in the statement
of operations the cost of employee services received in exchange
for awards of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair
value of those awards (with limited exceptions). The Company is
required to implement SFAS 123(R) for fiscal 2006.
Accordingly, we adopted SFAS 123R as of January 1,
2006. We expect to use the modified-prospective transition
method and will not restate prior periods for the adoption of
SFAS 123R. Although we are currently evaluating the
provisions of SFAS 123R and its implications on our
employee benefit plans, we believe that the adoption of this
standard, based on the terms of the options outstanding at
December 31, 2005, will have a material effect on our net
income in fiscal year 2006.

In March 2005, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 47 FIN 47 ), Accounting for Conditional
Asset Retirement Obligations. This is an interpretation of
SFAS No. 143, Accounting for Asset Retirement
Obligations which applies to all entities and addresses
the legal obligations with the retirement of tangible long-lived
assets that result from the acquisition, construction,
development or normal operation of a long-lived asset. The SFAS
requires that the fair value of a liability for an asset
retirement obligation be recognized in the period in which it is
incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made.
FIN 47 further clarifies what the term conditional
asset retirement obligation means with respect to
recording the asset retirement

41

Table of Contents 

obligation discussed in SFAS No. 143. The provisions
of FIN 47 are effective no later than December 31,
2005. The adoption of FIN 47 did not have a material impact
on its Consolidated Financial Statements.

In May 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No. 154,
 Accounting Changes and Error Corrections a
replacement of APB Opinion No. 20 and FASB Statement
No. 3 SFAS 154 ). SFAS 154
replaces APB Opinion No. 20, Accounting Changes 
and SFAS No. 3 Reporting Accounting Changes in
Interim Financial Statements, and changes the requirements
for the accounting for and reporting of a change in accounting
principle. SFAS 154 requires restatement of prior period
financial statements, unless impracticable, for changes in
accounting principle. The retroactive application of a change in
accounting principle should be limited to the direct effect of
the change. Changes in depreciation, amortization or depletion
methods should be accounted for as a change in accounting
estimate. Corrections of accounting errors will be accounted for
under the guidance contained in APB Opinion No. 20. The
effective date of this new pronouncement is for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2005 and prospective
application is required. The Company does not expect the
adoption of SFAS 154 to have a material impact on its
consolidated financial statements.

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
 Risk 

We do not believe that we have any material market risk exposure
with respect to derivative or other financial instruments. At
December 31, 2005, our exposure to market risk relates
primarily to changes in interest rates on our investment
portfolio. Our marketable investments consist primarily of fixed
income securities. We invest only with high credit quality
issuers and we do not currently use derivative financial
instruments in our investment portfolio. We do not believe that
a significant increase or decrease in interest rates would have
a material adverse impact on the fair value of our investment
portfolio.

The net consideration in connection with our BIS acquisition in
June 2005 included the issuance of 409,357 shares of common
stock, of which 313,943 of theses shares carry an embedded put
and call option feature. The put feature could require us to
purchase up to 313,943 of the issued shares for an aggregate
price of approximately 671 thousand as of December 31,
2005. As the potential redemption is outside of our control, the
potential future cash obligation associated with the put option
has been classified outside of permanent equity in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The put option expires
on June 1, 2008. As of December 31, 2005,
313,943 shares are subject to the put option feature.

Exchange Rate Sensitivity 

We face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency
exchange rates, as a significant portion of our revenues,
expenses, assets, and liabilities are denominated in currencies
other than the U.S. Dollar, primarily the British pound,
the euro, the Indian rupee and the Canadian dollar. These
exposures may change over time as business practices evolve.
Currently, we do not hold any derivative contracts that hedge
our foreign currency risk, but we may adopt such strategies in
the future.

For a discussion of the risks we face as a result of foreign
currency fluctuations, please see Risk Factors in
Part I, Item 1A Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations. 

42

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm 

44 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

46 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

47 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in
 Stockholders Equity 

48 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

50 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements 

51 

Financial Statement Schedule: 

Schedule II Valuation and
 Qualifying Accounts and Reserves 

84 

43

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders

of Sapient Corporation:

We have completed integrated audits of Sapient
Corporation s December 31, 2005 and 2004 consolidated
financial statements and of its internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2005, and an audit of its
December 31, 2003 consolidated financial statements in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Our opinions, based on our
audits, are presented below.

Consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedule 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in
the accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of Sapient Corporation and its
subsidiaries at December 31, 2005 and 2004, and the results
of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2005 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial
statement schedule listed in the accompanying index presents
fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth
therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated
financial statements. These financial statements and financial
statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements and financial statement schedule based on
our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit of financial statements includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, and evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.

Internal control over financial reporting 

Also, in our opinion, management s assessment, included in
Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting appearing under Item 9A, that the Company
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2005 based on criteria established in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO), is fairly stated, in all material respects,
based on those criteria. Furthermore, in our opinion, the
Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005,
based on criteria established in Internal Control 
Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. The Company s
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our
responsibility is to express opinions on management s
assessment and on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We
conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting
in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether effective internal control over
financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. An
audit of internal control over financial reporting includes
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, evaluating management s assessment, testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal
control, and performing such other procedures as we consider
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinions.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the

44

Table of Contents 

company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Boston, Massachusetts

March 16, 2006

45

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

2005 
 
 2004 

(In thousands, except share 

and per share data) 

ASSETS 

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

69,948 

66,779 

Marketable investments

86,288 

38,172 

Restricted cash

319 

3,168 

Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of
 889 and 1,896 at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively

60,062 

51,278 

Unbilled revenues on contracts

16,849 

16,875 

Deferred tax assets

112 

Prepaid expenses

7,263 

5,922 

Other current assets

3,108 

3,130 

Total current assets

243,949 

185,324 

Marketable investments

64,006 

Restricted cash

1,217 

3,454 

Property and equipment, net

20,561 

14,612 

Purchased intangible assets, net

2,940 

643 

Goodwill

11,770 

Deferred tax assets

5,030 

815 

Other assets

716 

749 

Total assets

286,183 

269,603 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

5,396 

6,125 

Accrued expenses

17,010 

18,832 

Accrued restructuring costs, current portion

6,565 

10,560 

Accrued compensation

24,403 

17,722 

Income taxes payable

4,093 

4,116 

Deferred tax liabilities

161 

Deferred revenues on contracts

5,537 

9,285 

Total current liabilities

63,165 

66,640 

Accrued restructuring costs, net of current portion

15,010 

15,003 

Deferred revenues on contracts

1,154 

Deferred tax liabilities

188 

Other long term liabilities

3,360 

2,027 

Total liabilities

82,877 

83,670 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13)

Redeemable common stock par value 0.01 per share, 313,943
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2005.

671 

Stockholders equity:

Preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share,
 5,000,000 shares authorized and none outstanding at
 December 31, 2005 and 2004

Common stock, par value 0.01 per share,
 200,000,000 shares authorized, 130,482,574 shares
 issued at December 31, 2005 and 2004

1,304 

1,304 

Additional paid-in capital

494,556 

477,669 

Treasury stock, at cost, 6,956,140 and 6,221,679 shares at
 December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively

(18,601) 

(7,251) 

Deferred compensation

(11,489) 

Accumulated other comprehensive income

1,046 

4,090 

Accumulated deficit

(264,181) 

(289,879) 

Total stockholders equity

202,635 

185,933 

Total liabilities, redeemable common stock and
 stockholders equity

286,183 

269,603 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
Consolidated Financial Statements.

46

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Revenues:

Service revenues

319,496 

253,936 

184,795 

Reimbursable expenses

13,542 

12,100 

9,574 

Total gross revenues

333,038 

266,036 

194,369 

Operating expenses:

Project personnel costs, before reimbursable expenses

190,084 

143,202 

112,925 

Reimbursable expenses

13,542 

12,100 

9,574 

Total project personnel costs

203,626 

155,302 

122,499 

Selling and marketing costs

14,029 

15,208 

18,560 

General and administrative costs

86,323 

71,371 

57,595 

Restructuring and other related charges

7,218 

1,108 

2,135 

Amortization of purchased intangible assets

1,104 

515 

1,772 

Total operating expenses

312,300 

243,504 

202,561 

Income (loss) from operations

20,738 

22,532 

(8,192) 

Other income, net

108 

65 

2,729 

Interest income

4,240 

2,655 

1,902 

Income (loss) before income taxes

25,086 

25,252 

(3,561) 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes:

Provision for income taxes

3,677 

3,068 

1,337 

Benefit from release of valuation allowance

(4,289) 

(635) 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes

(612) 

2,433 

1,377 

Net income (loss)

25,698 

22,819 

(4,898) 

Basic net income (loss) per share

0.21 

0.19 

(0.04) 

Diluted net income (loss) per share

0.20 

0.18 

(0.04) 

Weighted average common shares

124,725 

123,040 

121,188 

Weighted average dilutive common share equivalents

4,573 

5,418 

Weighted average common shares and dilutive common share
 equivalents

129,298 

128,458 

121,188 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
Consolidated Financial Statements.

47

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

Accumulated 

Common Stock 
 
 Additional 
 
 Treasury Stock 

Comprehensive 
 
 Other 

Total 

Paid-In 

Deferred 
 
 Income 
 
 Comprehensive 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Compensation 
 
 (Loss) 
 
 Income 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Equity 

(In thousands) 

Balance at December 31, 2002 

127,649 

1,276 

469,648 

(5,867) 

(5,688) 

(2,143) 

511 

(307,800) 

155,804 

Shares issued under stock option and purchase plans

2,174 

22 

2,086 

2,108 

Shares issued to non-employees

3 

8 

8 

Restricted shares issued to employees

72 

1 

100 

101 

Repurchases of common stock

(1,951) 

(3,430) 

(3,430) 

Amortization of deferred compensation

995 

995 

Gain recognized on change in interest HWT

365 

365 

Reversal of deferred compensation

(554) 

554 

Comprehensive loss:

Net loss

(4,898) 

(4,898) 

(4,898) 

Other comprehensive income (loss):

Currency translation adjustments

1,564 

1,564 

1,564 

Net unrealized loss on investments

(205) 

(205) 

(205) 

Comprehensive loss

(3,539) 

Balance at December 31, 2003 

129,898 

1,299 

471,653 

(7,818) 

(9,118) 

(594) 

1,870 

(312,698) 

152,412 

Shares issued under stock option and purchase plans

584 

5 

5,961 

1,531 

1,792 

7,758 

Shares issued to non-employees

17 

3 

3 

20 

Restricted shares issued to employees

4 

62 

72 

76 

Amortization of deferred compensation

34 

594 

628 

Comprehensive income:

Net income

22,819 

22,819 

22,819 

Other comprehensive income (loss):

Currency translation adjustments

2,973 

2,973 

2,973 

Net unrealized loss on investments

(753) 

(753) 

(753) 

Comprehensive income

25,039 

Balance at December 31, 2004 

130,482 

1,304 

477,669 

(6,222) 

(7,251) 

4,090 

(289,879) 

185,933 

48

Table of Contents 

Accumulated 

Common Stock 
 
 Additional 
 
 Treasury Stock 

Comprehensive 
 
 Other 

Total 

Paid-In 

Deferred 
 
 Income 
 
 Comprehensive 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Compensation 
 
 (Loss) 
 
 Income 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Equity 

(In thousands) 

Shares issued under stock option and purchase plans

4,107 

1,813 

3,064 

7,171 

Issuance of restricted stock units, net

10,994 

2,546 

(13,540) 

Vesting of restricted stock, net

(301) 

54 

20 

281 

Repurchase of common stock

(3,010) 

(17,594) 

(17,594) 

Amortization of deferred compensation

1,770 

1,770 

Tax benefits from employee stock purchase plans

62 

62 

Issuance of common stock and redeemable common stock in
 connection with acquisition

2,025 

409 

614 

2,639 

Comprehensive income:

Net income

25,698 

25,698 

25,698 

Other comprehensive income (loss):

Currency translation adjustments

(3,269) 

(3,269) 

(3,269) 

Net unrealized gain on investments

225 

225 

225 

Comprehensive income

22,654 

Balance at December 31, 2005 

130,482 

1,304 

494,556 

(6,956) 

(18,601) 

(11,489) 

1,046 

(264,181) 

202,635 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
Consolidated Financial Statements.

49

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

(In thousands) 

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net Income (loss)

25,698 

22,819 

(4,898) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided
 by (used in) operating activities:

Loss recognized on write-down of investments

45 

Realized gains on investments

(4) 

(2,773) 

Loss recognized on disposition of fixed assets

235 

376 

Depreciation and amortization

6,398 

5,973 

9,145 

Amortization of purchased intangible assets

1,104 

515 

1,772 

Deferred income taxes

236 

(138) 

Income tax benefit from release of valuation allowance

(4,289) 

(635) 

(Recovery of) provision for allowance for doubtful accounts

(733) 

654 

624 

Tax benefits from employee stock option plans

62 

Stock-based compensation

1,770 

779 

1,089 

Non-cash restructuring costs

476 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisition:

Restricted cash

4,844 

5,199 

(863) 

Accounts receivable

(8,640) 

(20,118) 

(1,568) 

Unbilled revenues on contracts

(823) 

(1,703) 

(4,029) 

Prepaid expenses

(1,521) 

(1,689) 

393 

Other current assets

(104) 

(1,469) 

705 

Other assets

34 

(173) 

1,463 

Accounts payable

(724) 

2,042 

(123) 

Accrued expenses

(754) 

3,350 

2,859 

Accrued restructuring costs

(2,569) 

(12,976) 

(30,394) 

Accrued compensation

7,438 

8,547 

1,580 

Income taxes payable

130 

2,668 

1,448 

Deferred revenues on contracts

(2,118) 

4,863 

(2,043) 

Other long term liabilities

1,074 

1,378 

(1,100) 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

27,224 

20,258 

(26,668) 

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchases of property and equipment and costs for internally
 developed software

(14,473) 

(9,782) 

(1,632) 

Cash paid for acquisition, net of cash received

(13,334) 

Investments in and advances to affiliates

(1,679) 

Proceeds from sale of investments

8,564 

Sales and maturities of marketable investments

63,559 

121,566 

148,151 

Purchases of marketable investments

(47,435) 

(142,040) 

(151,206) 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities

(11,683) 

(30,256) 

2,198 

Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from stock option and purchase plans

7,171 

7,708 

2,108 

Proceeds from sale of common stock of consolidated subsidiary

500 

Repurchases of common stock

(17,594) 

(3,430) 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

(10,423) 

7,708 

(822) 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash

(1,949) 

1,477 

1,655 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

3,169 

(813) 

(23,637) 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year

66,779 

67,592 

91,229 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year

69,948 

66,779 

67,592 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
Consolidated Financial Statements.

50

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(1) 
 
 Nature of Business 

Sapient, a business innovator, provides business, marketing
consulting and technology consulting services. Founded in 1991,
Sapient is headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and
operates throughout North America, Europe and India.

(2) 
 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

(a) 
 
 Principles of Consolidation and Basis of
 Presentation 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
the Company and its wholly owned and majority-owned, controlled
subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation.

Beginning with the first quarter of 2005, we combined two of our
United States business units and reorganized certain groups
within the business units. Specifically, we combined our
Financial Services business unit and our Automotive, Consumer
and Energy business units into one business unit, which is now
named Financial Services, Automotive, Consumer and Energy. In
addition, within the Public Services business unit, we separated
the Government, Education and Health Care groups: the Education
and Health Care groups were combined with the Technology and
Communications business unit, and Government became a standalone
business unit. These changes reduced the number of United States
business units to three: (i) Financial Services,
Automotive, Consumer and Energy, (ii) Technology,
Education, Communications and Health Care and
(iii) Government. We reported four business units in the
United States prior to the first quarter of 2005. In addition,
we have three international business units: United Kingdom,
Germany and Canada. We have reported our results by operating
segments accordingly, and quarterly and annual results for
operating segments for 2004 and 2003 have been reclassified to
reflect these changes.

On June 1, 2005, the Company acquired Business Information
Solutions, LLC, BIS ). The acquisition of BIS was
accounted for under the purchase method of accounting and,
accordingly, the results of operations from the acquired
businesses have been included in the Company s financial
statements as of the acquisition date.

Certain amounts in previously issued financial statements have
been reclassified to conform to the current presentation.
Project personnel costs, before reimbursable expenses, selling
and marketing costs and general and administrative costs for
2004 and 2003, are inclusive of the stock-based compensation
expense consistent with cash compensation paid to such employees.

(b) 
 
 Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
periods. Significant estimates relied upon in preparing these
financial statements include estimated costs to complete long
term contracts, allowances for doubtful accounts, estimated fair
value of investments, including whether any decline in such fair
value is other-than-temporary, expected future cash flows used
to evaluate the recoverability of long-lived assets, estimated
fair values of long-lived assets and reporting units used to
record impairment charges related to intangible assets and
goodwill, restructuring and other related charges, contingent
liabilities and recoverability of the Company s net
deferred tax assets and related valuation allowances. Although
the Company regularly assesses these estimates, actual results
could differ materially from these estimates. Changes in
estimates are recorded in the period in which they become known.
The Company bases its estimates on historical experience

51

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

and various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable
under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from the
Company s estimates if past experience or other assumptions
do not turn out to be substantially accurate.

(c) 
 
 Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions 

For
 non-U.S. subsidiaries,
which operate in a local currency environment, assets and
liabilities are translated at period-end exchange rates, and
income statement items are translated at the average exchange
rates for the period. The local currency for all foreign
subsidiaries is considered to be the functional currency and,
accordingly, translation adjustments are reported as a separate
component of stockholders equity under the caption
 accumulated other comprehensive income. 

Cash flows of
 non-U.S. subsidiaries,
whose functional currency is the local currency, are translated
to U.S. dollars using weighted average exchange rates for
the period. The Company reports the effect of exchange rate
changes on cash balances held in foreign currencies as a
separate item in the consolidated statements of cash flows
during the period.

Gains (losses) from foreign currency transactions of
approximately 1.3) million, 54) thousand and
 1.1 million are included in general and administrative
costs in the statement of operations for 2005, 2004 and 2003,
respectively.

(d) 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers highly liquid investments with maturities
of three months or less, from the date of purchase, cash
equivalents.

(e) 
 
 Marketable Investments 

The Company classifies its marketable investments as
available-for-sale, and carries them at fair market value. The
difference between amortized cost and fair market value, net of
tax effect, is recorded as a separate component of
stockholders equity. The cost of securities
available-for-sale is adjusted for amortization of premiums and
discounts to maturity. Accretion and amortization of discounts
and premiums for all securities are included in interest income.
Realized gains and losses from sales of available-for-sale
securities were not material for any period presented. The
Company considers available evidence, including the duration and
extent to which declines in fair value compares to cost in
determining whether the unrealized loss is other than
temporary. If the decline is considered other than
temporary, the unrealized loss is removed from other
comprehensive income (loss) and recorded as other expense in the
statement of operations. For 2005, 2004 and 2003, the Company
recorded 0, 0 and 45 thousand respectively, in charges
to write down certain investments because the decline in the
value of these investments was considered to be other than
temporary.

(f) 
 
 Financial Instruments and Concentration of Credit
 Risk 

Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company to a
concentration of credit risk consist of cash and cash
equivalents, marketable investments and accounts receivable.

The Company periodically performs credit evaluations of its
customers and generally does not require collateral on accounts
receivable. The Company maintains allowances for potential
credit losses and such losses have been within management s
expectations. As of December 31, 2005, one customer, Sprint
(formerly Nextel, prior to merger of Nextel and Sprint in
August, 2005) accounted for greater than 10 of service
revenues. No customer accounted for greater than 10 percent
of service revenues in 2004 or 2003. In

52

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

addition, no customer s accounts receivable balance
exceeded 10 percent of total accounts receivable as of
December 31, 2005 or 2004.

The fair market values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted
cash, marketable investments, accounts receivable, accounts
payable, accrued expenses and income taxes payable at both
December 31, 2005 and 2004 approximate their carrying
amounts.

(g) 
 
 Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated
depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are
computed using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the related assets, which primarily range from
three to five years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over
the lesser of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the
lease term. When an item is sold or retired, the cost and
related accumulated depreciation is relieved, and the resulting
gain or loss, if any, is recognized in the consolidated
statement of operations.

(h) 
 
 Costs Incurred to Develop Computer Software for Internal
 Use 

The Company accounts for costs incurred to develop computer
software for internal use in accordance with Statement of
Position (SOP) 98-1, Accounting for the Costs of
Computer Software Developed or Obtained for Internal Use .
As required by SOP 98-1, the Company capitalizes the costs
incurred during the application development stage, which include
costs to design the software configuration and interfaces,
coding, installation and testing. Costs incurred during the
preliminary project stage along with post-implementation stages
of internal use computer software are expensed as incurred.
Capitalized development costs are typically amortized over the
estimated life of the software, up to three years. The
capitalization and ongoing assessment of recoverability of
development cost requires considerable judgment by management
with respect to certain external factors, including, but not
limited to, technological and economic feasibility, and
estimated economic life. Capitalized software is included in
property and equipment.

For 2005, the Company capitalized computer software costs of
 2.8 million primarily related to internal financial
systems and human resource management related systems and
upgrades, of which 1.4 million relates to costs associated
with software developed for internal use as the computer
software was placed into service during 2005. The remaining
 1.4 million relates to costs associated with the
development of software for internal use expected to be placed
into service during 2006. For 2004, the Company capitalized
computer software costs of 247 thousand associated with an
internal financial system upgrade. The capitalized costs placed
in service during 2005 will be amortized over three years.
Amortization expense totaled 0.2 million during 2005.
Amortization had not begun as of December 31, 2004 as the
computer software had not been placed in service. No costs to
develop computer software for internal use were incurred or
capitalized during 2003.

(i) 
 
 Goodwill and Purchased Intangible Assets 

Goodwill is the amount by which the cost of acquired net assets
in a business acquisition exceeded the fair value of net
identifiable assets on the date of purchase. Following the
adoption of SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets, goodwill is no longer amortized, but
instead assessed for impairment on at least an annual basis or
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value of

53

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

the asset may not be recoverable. Factors we consider important
which could trigger an impairment review include:

significant underperformance relative to historical or projected
 future operating results; 

significant changes in the manner of or use of the acquired
 assets or the strategy for our overall business; 

identification of other impaired assets within a reporting unit; 

disposition of a significant portion of an operating segment; 

significant negative industry or economic trends; 

significant decline in our stock price for a sustained
 period; and 

a decline in our market capitalization relative to net book
 value. 

The Company s reporting units are consistent with the
reportable segments identified in Note 19, Segment
Information. Assets and liabilities, including goodwill
were allocated to reporting units based on factors such as
specific identification and percentage of revenue. The fair
value of the reporting units were estimated considering a
discounted future cash flows approach. To conduct a goodwill
impairment test, the fair value of the reporting unit is
compared to its carrying value. If the reporting unit s
carrying value exceeds its fair value, we record an impairment
loss to the extent that the carrying value of goodwill exceeds
its implied fair value. Management estimates the fair value of
its reporting units using discounted cash flow valuation models.

Other identifiable intangible assets include purchased
intangible assets with finite lives, which primarily consist of
market assets and customer lists, customer contracts and
developed technology and purchased license agreements.
Finite-lived purchased intangible assets are amortized using the
straight-line method over their expected period of benefit,
which generally ranges from three to five years.

(j) 
 
 Valuation of Long-lived Assets 

Long-lived assets primarily include property and equipment and
intangible assets with finite lives (purchased software,
capitalized software, and purchased intangible assets).
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment on a regular basis
for the existence of facts and circumstances that may suggest
that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets may not
be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets or groups of
assets is assessed based on a comparison of the carrying amount
to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If estimated
future undiscounted net cash flows are less than the carrying
amount, the asset is considered impaired and expense is recorded
at an amount required to reduce the carrying amount to fair
value. Determining the fair value of long-lived assets includes
significant judgment by management, and different judgments
could yield different results.

(k) 
 
 Change in Interest Gains and Losses 

The Company includes gains and losses on changes in interest in
its subsidiaries and equity method investees in net income
(loss). If the change in interest is a gain and the subsidiary
or equity method investee is a research and development,
 start-up or development
stage company or an entity whose viability as a going concern is
under consideration, the Company accounts for the change in
interest as a component of stockholders equity.

54

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

(l) 
 
 Revenue Recognition and Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts 

We recognize revenue from the provision of professional services
under written service contracts with our clients when persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, services have been provided
to the customer, the fee is fixed or determinable, and
collectibility is reasonably assured. In instances where the
customer, at its discretion, has the right to reject the
services prior to final acceptance, revenue is deferred until
such acceptance occurs.

We recognize revenues from our fixed-price, fixed time
technology implementation consulting contracts using the
 percentage-of -completion
method pursuant to Statement of Position 81-1, Accounting
for Performance of Construction Type and Certain Production Type
Contracts. Revenues generated from fixed-price, fixed time
non-technology implementation contracts, except for support and
maintenance contracts, are recognized based upon a proportional
performance model in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin
(SAB) No. 101, Revenue Recognition in Financial
Statements, as amended by SAB No. 104,
 Revenue Recognition. Our
 percentage-of -completion
method and our proportional performance method of accounting
calculate revenue based on the percentage of labor hours
incurred to estimated total labor hours. This method is used
because reasonably dependable estimates of the revenues and
costs applicable to various stages of a contract can be made,
based on historical experience and milestones set in the
contract. Revenue from time-and-material contracts is recognized
as services are provided. Revenue generated from fixed-price
support and maintenance contracts is recognized ratably over the
contract term.

Our project delivery and business unit finance personnel
continually review labor hours incurred and estimated total
labor hours, which may result in revisions to the amount of
recognized revenue for a contract. Certain contracts provide for
revenue to be generated based upon the achievement of certain
performance standards revenue related to the achievement of
performance standards accounted for approximately
 400 thousand, 3.4 million and 956 thousand of
service revenues in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Revenue
related to such performance standards is not recorded until the
related criteria has been met.

Revenue for contracts with multiple elements are allocated based
on the fair value of the elements in accordance with Emerging
Issues Task Force
Issue 00-21 
(EITF 00-21), 
 Accounting for Revenue Arrangements with Multiple
Deliverables. For these arrangements, we evaluate all
deliverables in the contract to determine whether they represent
separate units of accounting. Fair value, if available, is
determined based on the amount charged when we, or a competitor,
sell such deliverables on a standalone basis. Revenues are
recognized in accordance with our accounting policies for the
separate elements when the services have value on a stand-alone
basis, fair value of the separate elements exists and, in
arrangements that include a general right of refund relative to
the delivered element, performance of the undelivered element is
considered probable and substantially in our control. This
evaluation is performed at the inception of the arrangement and
as each item in the arrangement is delivered. The evaluation
involves significant judgments regarding the nature of the
services and deliverables being provided, whether these services
and deliverables can reasonably be divided into the separate
units of accounting and the fair value of the separate elements.

If we do not accurately estimate the resources required or the
scope of work to be performed for a contract or we do not manage
the project properly within the planned time period, then we may
recognize a loss on the contract. Provisions for estimated
losses on uncompleted contracts are made on a
contract-by-contract basis and are recognized in the period in
which such losses are determined. We have committed
unanticipated additional resources to complete projects in the
past, which has resulted in lower than anticipated profitability
or losses on those contracts. We anticipate that we will
experience similar situations from time to time in the future.
In addition, we may fix the price for some projects at an early
stage of the project, the fixed price may ultimately be too low
and, therefore, could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

We recognize revenue for services where collection from the
client is probable, and our fees are fixed or determinable. We
establish billing terms at the time project deliverables and
milestones are agreed. Our

55

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

normal payment terms are 30 days from invoice date.
Revenues recognized in excess of the amounts invoiced to clients
are classified as unbilled revenues. Amounts invoiced to clients
in excess of revenue recognized are classified as deferred
revenues. Our project delivery and business unit finance
personnel continually monitor timely payments from our clients
and assess any collection issues. We maintain allowances for
doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the
inability of our clients to make required payments. We base our
estimates on our historical collection and write-off experience,
current trends, credit policy, detailed analysis of specific
client situations and percentage of our accounts receivable by
aging category. While such credit losses have historically been
within our expectations and the allowances we established, we
cannot guarantee that we will continue to experience the same
credit loss rates that we have in the past. If the financial
condition of our clients were to deteriorate, resulting in an
impairment of their ability to make payment, additional
allowances may be required. Our failure to accurately estimate
the losses for doubtful accounts and ensure that payments are
received on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

(m) 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 

At December 31, 2005, the Company has eight stock-based
compensation plans, which are described more fully in
Note 14. Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 123 SFAS 123 ), Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation, requires that companies either
recognize compensation expense for grants of employee stock
options and other equity instruments based on fair value, or
provide pro forma disclosure of net income (loss) and net income
(loss) per share in the notes to the financial statements. The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation awards for fixed
grants issued to employees by applying the intrinsic value
method prescribed in APB No. 25, Accounting for Stock
Issued to Employees, whereby the difference between the
quoted market price as of the date of grant and the contractual
purchase price of the award is charged to operations over the
vesting period. The Company generally recognizes no compensation
expense with respect to option awards issued to employees, as
all options granted under the Company s stock-based
compensation plan have exercise prices equal to the market value
of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. With
respect to restricted stock and other awards granted,
compensation expense is measured based on the fair value of such
awards as of the grant date and charged to expense using the
straight-line method over the period of restriction or vesting
period. Had compensation cost for the awards under those plans
been determined based on the grant date fair values, consistent
with the method required under SFAS 123, the Company s
net income (loss) and net income (loss) per share would have
been increased to the pro forma amounts indicated below:

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

(In thousands except per share data) 

Net income (loss) as reported

25,698 

22,819 

(4,898) 

Add back: Stock-based compensation, included in net income
 (loss), as reported, net of related tax effects

1,708 

759 

1,081 

Deduct: Stock-based employee compensation expense determined
 under fair value based method for all awards

(12,291) 

(21,433) 

(26,311) 

Pro forma net income (loss)

15,115 

2,145 

(30,128) 

Basic net income (loss) per share:

As reported

0.21 

0.19 

(0.04) 

Pro forma

0.12 

0.02 

(0.25) 

Diluted net income (loss) per share:

As reported

0.20 

0.18 

(0.04) 

Pro forma

0.12 

0.02 

(0.25) 

Project personnel costs (before reimbursable expenses), selling
and marketing costs and general and administrative costs
appearing in the consolidated statements of income are shown
inclusive of the following

56

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

stock-based compensation amounts relating primarily to the
restricted stock units granted during 2005 (in thousands):

Year Ended 
 
 Year Ended 
 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Project personnel costs, before reimbursable expenses

1,129 

670 

950 

Selling and marketing costs

41 

0 

59 

General and administrative costs

600 

89 

72 

Stock-based compensation

1,770 

759 

1,081 

In the above tables, stock-based compensation expenses related
to project personnel costs, before reimbursable expenses for
2004 and 2003 excludes 20 thousand and 8 thousand,
respectively, of stock-based compensation expense associated
with unrestricted common stock issued to a non-employee.

(n) 
 
 Advertising Costs 

The Company charges the costs of advertising to expense as
incurred, and includes these costs in selling and marketing
costs in the consolidated statements of operations. The amounts
of advertising costs recorded by the Company were immaterial for
all periods presented.

(o) 
 
 Income Taxes 

The Company records income taxes under the asset and liability
method. Under this method, deferred income tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their
respective income tax bases, and operating loss and tax credit
carry forwards. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are
measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences,
operating losses, or tax credit carry forwards are expected to
be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred income tax
assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in
income in the period that includes the enactment date. Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, Accounting
for Income Taxes, requires the establishment of a
valuation allowance to reflect the likelihood of realization of
deferred tax assets. Significant management judgment is required
in determining the Company s provision for income taxes,
its deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation
allowance recorded against its net deferred tax assets. The
Company evaluates the weight of all available evidence to
determine whether it is more likely than not that some portion
or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized.
We reinvest unremitted earnings of certain foreign operations
indefinitely and, accordantly, we do not provide for income
taxes that could result from the remittance of such earnings.

(p) 
 
 Income (Loss) Per Share 

Under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128,
 Earnings Per Share , the Company presents basic net
income (loss) per share and diluted net income (loss) per share.
Basic income (loss) per share is based on the weighted average
number of shares outstanding during the period, less unvested
restricted stock which is considered contingently issuable.
Diluted income (loss) per share reflects the per share effect of
dilutive common stock equivalents.

(q) 
 
 Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 130,
 Reporting Comprehensive Income (SFAS 130)
establishes standards for reporting comprehensive income (loss)
and its components in the body

57

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

of the financial statements. Comprehensive income (loss)
includes net income (loss) as currently reported under generally
accepted accounting principles and also considers the effect of
other changes to stockholders equity unrelated to stock
activity that are not required to be recorded in determining net
income (loss) but are rather reported as a separate component of
stockholders equity. The Company reports foreign currency
translation gains and losses and unrealized gains and losses on
investments which are considered temporary as components of
comprehensive income (loss). During 2005, the Company reported
changes to stockholders equity related to foreign currency
translation gains of approximately 3.3 million and changes
to stockholders equity related to unrealized gains on
investments of 225 thousand. During 2004, the Company reported
changes to stockholders equity related to foreign currency
translation losses of approximately 2.9 million and
changes to stockholders equity related to unrealized gains
on investments of 753 thousand.

(r) 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 

In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 123R, Share-Based Payment SFAS 123R ). SFAS 123R replaces
SFAS 123 and supersedes Accounting Principles Board Opinion
No. 25 APB 25 ). SFAS 123R focuses
primarily on accounting for transactions in which an entity
obtains employee services in exchange for share-based payments.
SFAS 123R requires companies to recognize in the statement
of operations the cost of employee services received in exchange
for awards of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair
value of those awards (with limited exceptions). The Company is
required to implement SFAS 123(R) for fiscal 2006.
Accordingly, we adopted SFAS 123R as of January 1,
2006. We expect to use the modified-prospective transition
method and will not restate prior periods for the adoption of
SFAS 123R. Although we are currently evaluating the
provisions of SFAS 123R and its implications on our
employee benefit plans, we believe that the adoption of this
standard, based on the terms of the options outstanding at
December 31, 2005, will have a material effect on our net
income in fiscal year 2006.

In March 2005, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 47 FIN 47 ), Accounting for Conditional
Asset Retirement Obligations. This is an interpretation of
SFAS No. 143, Accounting for Asset Retirement
Obligations which applies to all entities and addresses
the legal obligations with the retirement of tangible long-lived
assets that result from the acquisition, construction,
development or normal operation of a long-lived asset. The SFAS
requires that the fair value of a liability for an asset
retirement obligation be recognized in the period in which it is
incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made.
FIN 47 further clarifies what the term conditional
asset retirement obligation means with respect to
recording the asset retirement obligation discussed in
SFAS No. 143. The provisions of FIN 47 are
effective no later than December 31, 2005. The adoption of
FIN 47 did not have a material impact on its Consolidated
Financial Statements.

In May 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No. 154,
 Accounting Changes and Error Corrections a
replacement of APB Opinion No. 20 and FASB Statement
No. 3 SFAS 154 ). SFAS 154
replaces APB Opinion No. 20, Accounting Changes 
and SFAS No. 3 Reporting Accounting Changes in
Interim Financial Statements, and changes the requirements
for the accounting for and reporting of a change in accounting
principle. SFAS 154 requires restatement of prior period
financial statements, unless impracticable, for changes in
accounting principle. The retroactive application of a change in
accounting principle should be limited to the direct effect of
the change. Changes in depreciation, amortization or depletion
methods should be accounted for as a change in accounting
estimate. Corrections of accounting errors will be accounted for
under the guidance contained in APB Opinion No. 20. The
effective date of this new pronouncement is for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2005 and prospective
application is required. The Company does not expect the
adoption of SFAS 154 to have a material impact on its
consolidated financial statements.

58

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

(3) 
 
 Acquisitions 

Business Information Solutions, LLC 

On June 1, 2005, the Company purchased Business Information
Solutions, LLC BIS ), a privately-held provider of
SAP-related professional services, specializing in business
intelligence solutions, by acquiring approximately
 2.1 million of the net tangible assets of BIS for total
current consideration of approximately 17.2 million.
BIS results of operations have been included in the
consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition
(June 1, 2005). The acquisition added forty-eight BIS
people, all of whom became part of the Company. As a result of
the acquisition, the Company is expected to (1) expand its
services in business intelligence and in newer modules of SAP,
specifically business warehouse, Strategic Enterprise
Management, data analytics and energy specific solutions, and
(2) offer a much broader variety of value-added ERP
integration, upgrade, and maintenance services related to the
globally dominant SAP products and its Netweaver platform.

The aggregate current consideration of approximately
 17.2 million consisted of 13.0 million in cash, net
common stock valued at approximately 3.3 million (value of
 3.5 million, less the net value of 190,000 relating to
the put and call option features described below), additional
consideration of approximately 0.5 million to be paid in
equal annual installments over a three-year period in cash or
common stock, and acquisition costs of 0.4 million.

The net 3.3 million of common stock consideration resulted
in the issuance of 409,357 shares of common stock based on
the average market price of the Company s common shares
over the 5-day period
beginning two days prior to the acquisition Closing Date and
ending two days after the acquisition Closing Date (the
 Buyer Share Price equaled 8.55 per share). Of
the 409,357 shares issued, 313,943 shares carry an
embedded put and call option feature as defined below.

Put option: if the Company s average common stock
per share price during the ten business days ending on each of
the first, second and third anniversary of the Closing Date
(June 1, 2005) is less than 25 2.1375 per share) of
the Buyer Share Price, certain holders of the shares issued as
consideration can require the Company to repurchase the shares
at 2.1375 per share.

Call option: the Company has the right to purchase the
common stock from certain holders of the shares issued as
consideration at a price of 175 14.9625 per share) of
the Buyer Share Price (the Call Option Price if the
holder proposes to sell his shares at a price greater than
 14.9625 per share during the first three years subsequent
to the Closing Date. Additionally, during the period beginning
as of the third anniversary and ending on the tenth anniversary
of the Closing Date, if the per share closing price of a share
of Company common stock exceeds the Call Option Price, and if
certain other conditions occur (for example, a holder of the
shares issued as consideration is terminated for
cause prior to the third anniversary of the Closing Date),
the Company has the right to purchase the common stock from
certain holders of shares issued as consideration at the Call
Option Price.

The put and call option features, using the Black-Scholes Option
Pricing Model, have been valued at approximately
 33 thousand and 223) thousand, respectively. The
 3.5 million of common stock was reduced by
 190 thousand, the net value of the put and call options,
resulting in net 3.3 million of common stock consideration
issued in connection with the acquisition. The Company issued
common stock shares using treasury stock shares, which carried
an average cost of 1.50 per share.

The put feature could require the Company to purchase up to
313,943 of the issued shares for an aggregate price of
approximately 671 thousand as of December 31, 2005. As the
potential redemption is outside the control of the Company, the
potential future cash obligation associated with the put option
has been classified outside of permanent equity in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The put option expires
on June 1, 2008. As of December 31, 2005,
313,943 shares are subject to the put option feature.

59

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The additional cash consideration of 0.6 million, having a
net present value of approximately 0.5 million, will be
paid annually in equal installments over a three-year period
within ten days of the first, second and third anniversary dates
of the Closing Date. The Company can elect to pay the additional
consideration in cash or shares of common stock. Approximately
 175 thousand of this obligation is classified as current
and is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet. The non-current portion of
approximately 324 thousand is classified as other
long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet.

The Company has agreed to pay additional consideration in future
periods, based upon the attainment by the acquired entity of
defined operating objectives. In accordance with Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 141, Business
Combinations , the Company does not accrue contingent
consideration obligations prior to the attainment of the
objectives. At December 31, 2005, the maximum potential
future consideration pursuant to such arrangements, to be
resolved over the following three years, is approximately
 3.9 million. The Company, at its sole discretion, can
elect to pay the additional consideration in cash or by issuing
common stock shares. Any such payments will result in increases
in goodwill at time of payment.

The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the
assets acquired at the date of acquisition (in thousands).

Cash

100 

Accounts receivable

1,867 

Other assets

33 

Property and equipment

73 

Intangible assets

3,400 

Goodwill

11,770 

Total assets acquired

17,243 

Of the 3.4 million of acquired intangible assets,
 2.3 million was assigned to the customer list, having an
estimated useful life of 5 years. The income approach was
used to value the customer list. The income approach is based
upon the economic principle of anticipation in that the value of
any property is the present value of the expected income that
can be generated through the ownership of that property.

The remaining 1.1 million was attributable to the SAP
Services Partner Agreement SAP License Agreement ),
having a weighted-average useful life of approximately
3 years. The purpose of the SAP License Agreement is to
formalize the business relationship between the Company and SAP
America, Inc. SAP America ), working together with
the SAP Services Partner Program. Similar to the customer list,
the income approach was also used to value the SAP License
Agreement.

Of the 11.8 million of recorded goodwill,
 11.7 million was allocated to the Financial
Services/Automotive/Consumer/Energy reportable segment and 50
thousand was allocated to the Canada reportable segment. The
acquisition has been treated as a taxable transaction, therefore
the intangible assets, including goodwill, are deductible for
tax purposes.

60

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The following table reflects unaudited pro forma results of
operations of the Company assuming that the BIS acquisition had
occurred on January 1, 2004:

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

2005 
 
 2004 

(Proforma, unaudited, in 

thousands, except per share 

amounts) 

Service revenues

329,416 

272,577 

Net income

26,611 

24,069 

Basic net income per share

0.22 

0.20 

Diluted net income per share

0.21 

0.19 

(4) 
 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

Net total income taxes paid (received) in 2005, 2004 and
2003 were approximately 3.2 million, 752 thousand
and (200) thousand, respectively.

Non-cash transactions in 2005 related primarily to the
acquisition of BIS in June 2005 when we issued
409,357 shares of common stock based on the average market
price of the Company s common shares over the
 5-day period beginning
two days prior to the acquisition Closing Date and ending two
days after the acquisition Closing Date (the Buyer Share
Price equaled 8.55 per share) with an approximate
value of 3.3 million. There were no non-cash transactions
in 2004 and 2003.

(5) 
 
 Marketable Investments 

At December 31, 2005 and 2004, all of the Company s
marketable investments were classified as available-for-sale.
Marketable investments are carried on the balance sheet at their
fair market value.

The following tables summarize the Company s marketable
investments:

December 31, 2005 

Gross 
 
 Gross 
 
 Estimated 

Amortized 
 
 Unrealized 
 
 Unrealized 
 
 Fair 

Cost 
 
 Gains 
 
 Losses 
 
 Value 

(In thousands) 

U.S. government notes and bonds

30,095 

(231) 

29,864 

Corporate debt securities

54,460 

3 

(261) 

54,202 

Municipal bonds

725 

725 

Certificates of deposit

1,500 

(3) 

1,497 

Total

86,780 

3 

(495) 

86,288 

December 31, 2004 

Gross 
 
 Gross 

Amortized 
 
 Unrealized 
 
 Unrealized 
 
 Estimated 

Cost 
 
 Gains 
 
 Losses 
 
 Fair Value 

(In thousands) 

U.S government notes and bonds

41,456 

(321) 

41,135 

Corporate debt securities

55,503 

(378) 

55,125 

Certificates of deposit

5,937 

(19) 

5,918 

Total

102,896 

(718) 

102,178 

61

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The following table shows the gross unrealized losses and fair
value of the Company s investments with unrealized losses
that are not deemed to be other than temporarily impaired,
aggregated by investment category and length of time that
individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss
position at December 31, 2005.

December 31, 2005 

12 Months or 

Less Than 12 Months 
 
 Greater 

Fair 
 
 Unrealized 
 
 Fair 
 
 Unrealized 

Value 
 
 Losses 
 
 Value 
 
 Losses 

(In thousands) 

U.S government notes and bonds

29,864 

(231) 

Corporate debt securities

48,199 

(261) 

Municipal bonds

Certificates of deposit

1,497 

(3) 

Total

79,560 

(495) 

Contractual maturities of marketable investments at
December 31, 2005 (in thousands):

Amortized 
 
 Market 

Cost 
 
 Value 

Less than one year

86,780 

86,288 

Due in 1-2 years

Due in 2-5 years

Due after 5 years

Marketable investments

86,780 

86,288 

Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because
some borrowers have the right to call or prepay obligations.
Gross realized gains and losses on the sale of securities are
calculated using the specific identification method, and were
not material to the Company s consolidated results of
operations for 2005, 2004 and 2003.

(6) 
 
 Restricted Cash 

The Company has deposited approximately 1.5 million and
 6.6 million with various banks as collateral for letters
of credit and performance bonds and has classified this cash as
restricted on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at
December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004, respectively,
and is reflected in current or non-current assets based on the
expiration of the requirement with the various banks.

62

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

(7) 
 
 Property and Equipment 

The cost and accumulated depreciation of property and equipment
at December 31, 2005 and 2004 are as follows (in thousands):

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 Estimated Useful Life 

Leasehold improvements

10,200 

12,404 

Lesser of lease term or 5 years 

Furniture and fixtures

3,591 

3,429 

5 years 

Office equipment

2,448 

4,032 

5 years 

Computer software

7,010 

3,155 

3 years 

Computer hardware

10,920 

8,863 

3 years 

Property and equipment, gross

34,169 

31,883 

Less accumulated depreciation

(13,608) 

(17,271) 

Property and equipment, net

20,561 

14,612 

Depreciation expense was approximately 6.4 million,
 6.0 million and 9.1 million in 2005, 2004 and 2003,
respectively. During 2005, the Company wrote-off
 10.7 million of fully depreciated property and equipment
and disposed of approximately 0.5 million of property and
equipment which was no longer in use.

(8) 
 
 Goodwill 

The following tables present the changes in goodwill allocated
to our reportable segments during 2005 and 2004 (in thousands):

Financial Services/ 

Automotive/ 

Consumer/Energy 
 
 Canada 
 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2004

Additions

11,720 

50 

11,770 

Balance, December 31, 2005

11,720 

50 

11,770 

(9) 
 
 Purchased Intangible Assets 

The following is a summary of intangible assets as of
December 31, 2005 and 2004 (in thousands):

December 31, 2005 

Gross 

Net 

Carrying 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Book 

Amount 
 
 Amortization 
 
 Value 

Amortizable purchased intangible assets

Marketing assets and customer lists

2,318 

(283) 

2,035 

SAP license agreement (Note 3)

1,100 

(321) 

779 

Customer contracts

648 

(528) 

120 

Developed technology

1,454 

(1,448) 

6 

Total purchased intangible assets

5,520 

(2,580) 

2,940 

63

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

December 31, 2004 

Gross 

Net 

Carrying 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Book 

Amount 
 
 Amortization 
 
 Value 

Amortizable purchased intangible assets

Marketing assets and customer lists

17 

(1) 

16 

Customer contracts

648 

(49) 

599 

Developed technology

1,454 

(1,426) 

28 

Total purchased intangible assets

2,119 

(1,476) 

643 

Amortization expense related to the purchased intangible assets
was 1.1 million, 515,000 and 1.8 million for 2005,
2004 and 2003, respectively.

The estimated future amortization expense of purchased
intangible assets as of December 31, 2005, is as follows
(in thousands):

Total 

2006

1,042 

2007

717 

2008

529 

2009

460 

2010

192 

Total

2,940 

(10) 
 
 Investments and Minority Interest 

During the fourth quarter of 2002, the Company discontinued its
Sapient KK operations in Japan. On November 14, 2002, as
part of the dissolution of Sapient KK, the Company and Dream
Incubator, Inc. DI agreed to unwind the cross
ownership position between DI and Sapient KK in exchange for DI
lifting certain trade restrictions on its common stock owned by
the Company. In addition, the Company s designee on
DI s Board of Directors resigned his position as a Director
of DI in November 2002. From November 2002, the Company used the
cost method of accounting, since the Company no longer had the
ability to significantly influence DI. During 2003, the Company
sold all of its remaining interest in DI for net cash proceeds
of 8.6 million, realizing gains of approximately
 2.8 million, which were included in other income in the
accompanying statements of operations.

On July 2, 2003, the Company reached an agreement with the
management team of Sapient S.p.A., formerly the Company s
joint venture in Milan, Italy, pursuant to which the management
team acquired all of the shares of Sapient S.p.A. from the
shareholders of the joint venture. As a result, the Company no
longer holds any ownership interest in the voting shares of
Sapient S.p.A. and the joint venture agreement has been
terminated. The management team is the exclusive licensee of
Sapient s intellectual property in Italy and the Company is
entitled to a royalty equal to 2 of the annual revenue of
Sapient S.p.A. beginning July 2, 2005. The Company also has
an option to purchase 100 of the ownership of Sapient
S.p.A., based on a formula which estimates fair value, among
other rights. The option is exercisable from July 2007 through
July 2010.

(11) 
 
 Restructuring and Other Related Charges 

During 2005, the Company recorded restructuring and other
related charges of approximately 7.2 million, of which
 300 thousand relates to our 2005 restructure event and
 6.9 million relates to our 2001, 2002 and 2003 restructure
events. Included in the 6.9 million restructuring and
other related charges is a charge of

64

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

930 thousand recorded in the fourth quarter of 2005
related to the correction of restructuring charges for rent
obligations in prior periods and approximately
 350 thousand recorded in the fourth quarter of 2005
related to the write-off of leasehold improvements from our
facilities vacated in prior periods. The prior period impact
includes: approximately 119 thousand related to each of
the first three quarters of 2005, approximately
 570 thousand related to 2004, approximately
 10 thousand related to 2003 and approximately
 340 thousand related to 2002 and prior. Management has
concluded that the impact of these adjustments on the current
and prior periods is immaterial.

2005 Restructure Event 

The Company initiated a restructuring plan during the fourth
quarter of 2005 as part of its initiative to reengineer general
and administrative G activities in an effort
to streamline such functions. As the Company reengineers its
G&A functions, in addition to streamlining G&A
processes, the Company will transfer a number of support
activities to India. The activities that are being moved
principally relate to finance, human resources, and internal IT
functions. As a result, some jobs in the United States, United
Kingdom, Germany and Canada will be eliminated. As of
December 31, 2005, this initiative has resulted in the
planned reduction of approximately sixty employees and the
Company recorded 0.3 million to restructuring and other
related charges in its consolidated statement of operations,
related to severance and termination benefits in accordance with
SFAS 112, Employers Accounting for
Postemployment Benefits . The charge was not recorded to a
segment but included in Reconciling items in our
Results by Operating Segment. As of December 31, 2005, no
amounts related to this liability have been paid. The severance
accrual is recorded in our consolidated balance sheet in
 accrued restructuring costs, current portion .
Additional costs of the restructuring related to the initiative
announced during 2005 are expected to be approximately
 0.7 million associated with additional costs incurred in
accordance with SFAS No. 146, Accounting for
Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities ,
primarily stay-bonuses, which will be amortized over the period
in which they were earned. The Company estimates the completion
and payment of this initiative at the end of fiscal year 2006.

2001, 2002 and 2003 Restructure Events 

As a result of the decline in the demand for advanced technology
consulting services that began in the second half of 2000, and
the resulting decline in the Company s service revenues in
2001 and 2002, the Company restructured its workforce and
operations in 2001, 2002 and in the second quarter of 2003.

The Company recorded restructuring and other related charges of
approximately 178.6 million through December 31, 2005
in connection with the restructuring plans announced in 2001,
2002 and the second half of 2003. The restructuring charges
primarily relates to the decreases in estimated sublease income
in connection with the restructuring plans previously announced.
The restructuring plans also resulted in ceasing operations and
closing offices where we had excess office space. Estimated
costs for the consolidation of facilities include contractual
rental commitments or lease buy-outs for office space vacated
and related costs, offset by estimated sublease income.

The Company recorded restructuring charges during 2005 of
approximately 6.9 million, primarily due to a decrease in
estimated sublease income associated with our restructured Santa
Monica, California and Jersey City, New Jersey locations. The
Company received proposals during the fourth and second quarters
of 2005 from potential subtenants at price ranges below
originally established rates, which resulted in management
reevaluating its originally established sublease assumptions.
Interest from potential subtenants during the second and fourth
quarters of 2005, and discussions with our professional real
estate broker during 2005 required management to reevaluate the
property s rentable market value. The adjustment in
estimated proposed sublease income reflects the sublease
proposal rates we received during the fourth quarter of 2005.

65

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The Company has not finalized sublease agreements and are
currently involved in negotiations to sublease the vacant space.

The Company recorded restructuring and other related charges of
approximately 1.1 million during 2004, primarily due to
decreases in estimated sub-lease income in connection with the
restructuring plans previously announced. No employees were
terminated in connection with the restructuring charges recorded
in 2004.

In connection with the restructuring plan implemented in the
second quarter of 2003, the Company recorded restructuring and
other related charges of approximately 1.4 million. This
restructuring action resulted in the termination of 40
employees. This restructuring action was due to the skill sets
of certain employees not matching the Company s current
business requirements and due to a significant decline in the
demand for the Company s services in its Financial Services
business unit through the second quarter of 2003. In the third
quarter of 2003, the Company recorded restructuring and other
related charges of approximately 0.7 million, primarily
due to decreases in its estimated sub-lease income in connection
with the restructuring plans previously announced.

In connection with the restructuring plans implemented in 2002,
the Company recorded restructuring and other related charges of
approximately 66.9 million during 2002. The 2002
restructuring plans resulted in the termination of 863
employees. The restructuring plans also included discontinuing
operations in Japan, closing offices in Houston and Denver and
consolidating office space in other cities where the Company had
excess office space. In connection with the termination of
certain former TLG (The Launch Group Aktiengesellschaft, which
the Company acquired in 2001) employees, the Company accelerated
the vesting of approximately 138,000 shares of restricted
common stock as a part of their severance packages, resulting in
a non-cash charge of approximately 903,000. Restructuring
charges of 662,000 related to the Company s Japan
subsidiary was reported in the Company s loss from
discontinued operations for 2002. Estimated costs for the
consolidation of facilities consist of contractual rental
commitments for office space vacated and related costs,
brokerage and related costs to sublet the office space,
leasehold improvement write-downs, offset by estimated sub-lease
income. The total reduction of office space resulting from these
office closings and consolidations was approximately
391,000 square feet.

In connection with the restructuring plans announced in 2001,
the Company recorded restructuring and other related charges of
 100.6 million. The restructuring plans resulted in the
termination of 1,251 employees. The restructuring plans also
included closing the Sydney, Australia office and consolidating
office space in other cities where the Company had multiple
office locations. Included in the restructuring charge is
approximately 561,000 related to the Company s Japan
subsidiary which is now included in its loss from discontinued
operations for the year ended December 31, 2001. Estimated
costs for the consolidation of facilities consist of contractual
rental commitments for office space vacated and related costs,
brokerage and related costs to sublet the office space,
leasehold improvement write-downs, offset by estimated sub-lease
income. The total reduction of office space resulting from these
office closings and consolidations was approximately
639,000 square feet.

These restructuring charges and accruals require significant
estimates and assumptions, including sub-lease income
assumptions. The consolidation of facilities required the
Company to make estimates, which included contractual rental
commitments or lease buy-outs for office space vacated and
related costs, offset by estimated sub-lease income. The
Company s sub-lease assumptions include anticipated rates
to be charged to a sub-tenant and the timing of the sub-lease
arrangement. These estimates and assumptions are monitored on at
least a quarterly basis for changes in circumstances. It is
reasonably possible that such estimates could change in the
future, resulting in additional adjustments and these
adjustments could be material.

66

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The following table summarizes the combined restructuring and
other related charges for the years ended December 31,
2005, 2004 and 2003 (in thousands):

Workforce 
 
 Facilities 
 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2004

11 

25,552 

25,563 

Adjustment

(11) 

(11) 

Additional charges

300 

6,918 

7,218 

Non-cash, utilized

(1,774) 

(1,774) 

Cash utilized

(9,421) 

(9,421) 

Balance, December 31, 2005

300 

21,275 

21,575 

Current accrued restructuring costs

6,565 

Non-current accrued restructuring costs

15,010 

Workforce 
 
 Facilities 
 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2003

242 

40,545 

40,787 

Additional charges

(182) 

1,290 

1,108 

Non-cash, utilized

(2,344) 

(2,344) 

Cash utilized

(49) 

(13,939) 

(13,988) 

Balance, December 31, 2004

11 

25,552 

25,563 

Current accrued restructuring costs

10,560 

Non-current accrued restructuring costs

15,003 

Workforce 
 
 Facilities 
 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2002

5,133 

68,443 

73,576 

Additional charges

1,572 

563 

2,135 

Non-cash, utilized

(16) 

(2,379) 

(2,395) 

Cash utilized

(6,447) 

(26,082) 

(32,529) 

Balance, December 31, 2003

242 

40,545 

40,787 

The remaining accrued restructuring costs are 21.6 million
at December 31, 2005, of which the cash portion is
 21.3 million. The net cash outlay over the next
 12-month period is
expected to be 7.1 million and the remainder will be paid
through 2011.

67

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

(12) 
 
 Income Taxes 

The provision (benefit) for income taxes consists of the
following:

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

(In thousands) 

Federal, current

28 

160 

State, current

331 

63 

500 

Foreign, current

2,987 

2,845 

837 

Subtotal, current income tax provision

3,346 

3,068 

1,337 

Federal, deferred

160 

State, deferred

28 

Foreign, deferred

(4,146) 

(635) 

Subtotal, deferred income tax (benefit)

(3,958) 

(635) 

Income tax (benefit) provision

(612) 

2,433 

1,337 

Income tax expense for 2005, 2004 and 2003 differed from the
amounts computed by applying the U.S. statutory income tax
rate to pre-tax income as a result of the following:

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Statutory income tax rate

35.0 

35.0 

(35.0) 

Deferred Compensation

1.8 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit

1.1 

(4.4) 

9.1 

Net effect of prior years under accruals

4.1 

Valuation allowance

(42.6) 

(22.5) 

63.3 

Other, net

(1.8) 

1.5 

0.2 

Effective income tax (benefit) rate

(2.4) 

9.6 

37.6 

68

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

At December 31, 2005 and 2004, deferred income tax assets
and liabilities resulted from differences in the recognition of
income and expense for tax and financial reporting purposes. The
sources and tax effects of these temporary differences are
presented below:

2005 
 
 2004 

(In thousands) 

Deferred income tax assets (liabilities), current:

Deferred revenue

935 

1,028 

Allowance for doubtful accounts

306 

465 

Other reserves and accruals

2,842 

4,316 

Unbilled revenue

(4,367) 

(3,864) 

Restructuring charges

2,669 

4,163 

Gross deferred income tax assets. current

2,385 

6,108 

Valuation allowance

(2,434) 

(6,108) 

Net deferred income tax assets (liabilities), current

(49) 

Deferred income tax assets (liabilities), non-current:

Property and equipment

(805) 

976 

Deferred Revenue

471 

In-process research and development

2,638 

Goodwill and other intangibles

6,866 

4,995 

Tax credits

5,068 

4,922 

Unused net operating losses

88,227 

90,686 

Restructuring charges

6,104 

5,914 

Other

243 

(479) 

Gross deferred income tax assets, non-current

106,174 

109,652 

Valuation allowance

(101,332) 

(108,837) 

Net deferred income tax assets, non-current

4,842 

815 

Net deferred income tax assets

4,793 

815 

At December 31, 2005 and 2004, the net deferred tax assets
and liabilities included in the consolidated balance sheet are
as follows:

2005 
 
 2004 

(In thousands) 

Current deferred tax assets

112 

Non-current deferred tax assets

5,030 

815 

Current deferred tax liabilities

(161) 

Non-current deferred tax liabilities

(188) 

Net deferred tax assets

4,793 

815 

The Company has operating loss carry-forwards of approximately
 201 million and 183 million for U.S. federal
purposes, 233 million and 282 million related to
state jurisdictions, and 11 million and 16 million
related to foreign jurisdictions at December 31, 2005 and
2004, respectively. If not utilized, the

69

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

federal and state net operating loss carry-forwards will begin
to expire at various times beginning in 2021 and 2007,
respectively. The Company s federal and Massachusetts
research and development tax credit carry-forwards for income
tax purposes are approximately 4.8 million at
December 31, 2005 and 2004. If not utilized, the federal
tax credit carry-forwards will begin to expire in 2017. In
assessing the realizability of deferred income tax assets, the
Company considers whether it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be
realized. As a result of operating losses incurred in 2001, 2002
and 2003 and uncertainty as to the extent and timing of
profitability in future periods, the Company had valuation
allowances of approximately 103.8 million and
 115.0 million at December 31, 2005 and 2004,
respectively, relating primarily to the United States. Having
assessed the realizability of the deferred tax assets in 2005,
the Company believes that due to projected future taxable income
and carryback provisions in certain jurisdictions, it is more
likely than not that the Company will realize the net deferred
tax assets in Germany in the foreseeable future. The Company
continues to believe that deferred tax assets in Canada and the
United Kingdom are more likely than not to be realized and,
therefore, no valuation allowance has been recorded against
these assets. The assessment of the valuation allowance requires
significant judgment and can materially affect net income. If
the realization of deferred tax assets in the future becomes
more likely than not, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets
would increase net income in the period such determination is
made.

The Company has a deferred tax asset pertaining to net operating
loss carry-forwards resulting from the exercise of employee
stock options of approximately 5.6 million and
 4.6 million at December 31, 2005 and 2004,
respectively. When recognized, the tax benefit of these loss
carry-forwards will be accounted for as a credit to additional
paid-in capital.

The Company reinvests unremitted earnings of certain foreign
operations indefinitely and, accordingly, does not provide for
income taxes that could result from the remittance of such
earnings. At December 31, 2005 and 2004, earnings of such
operations that could result in incremental taxes, if remitted,
amounted to 27.8 million and 15.9 million,
respectively.

(13) 
 
 Commitments and Contingencies 

The Company maintains its executive offices in Cambridge,
Massachusetts and operating offices in several locations
throughout the United States and abroad. Future minimum rental
commitments under non-cancelable operating leases with initial
or remaining terms in excess of one year at December 31,
2005, net of sublease income of 5.3 million under signed
sublease agreements and 16.4 million estimated for
expected future sublease arrangements, were as follows (in
thousands):

Total 

2006

12,146 

2007

9,480 

2008

7,181 

2009

5,374 

2010

5,005 

Thereafter

3,703 

Total

42,889 

Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004
and 2003 was approximately 8.9 million, 8.7 million
and 7.2 million, respectively.

The Company has certain contingent liabilities that arise in the
ordinary course of its business activities. The Company accrues
contingent liabilities when it is probable that future
expenditures will be made and such

70

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

expenditures can be reasonably estimated. The Company is subject
to various legal claims totaling approximately 2.9 million
and various administrative audits, each of which have arisen in
the ordinary course of our business. The Company has an accrual
at December 31, 2005 of approximately 1.0 million
related to certain of these items. The Company intends to defend
these matters vigorously, although the ultimate outcome of these
items is uncertain and the potential loss, if any, may be
significantly higher or lower than the amounts that the Company
has previously accrued.

On June 1, 2005, in conjunction with the BIS acquisition
(Note 3), the Company issued 313,943 shares of common
stock which carry an embedded put option feature. As of
December 31, 2005, the maximum amount that the Company
would be required to pay in cash is approximately
 0.7 million.

As permitted under Delaware law, the Company s Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that the Company
will indemnify its officers and Directors for certain claims
asserted against them in connection with their service as an
officer or Director of the Company. The maximum potential amount
of future payments that the Company could be required to make
under these indemnification provisions is unlimited. However,
the Company has purchased certain Directors and
Officers insurance policies that reduce its monetary
exposure and enable it to recover a portion of any future
amounts paid. As a result of the Company s insurance
coverage, the Company believes the estimated fair value of these
indemnification arrangements is minimal.

The Company frequently has agreed to indemnification provisions
in professional services agreements with its clients and in its
real estate leases in the ordinary course of its business.
Pursuant to these provisions, the Company indemnifies the
indemnified party for certain losses suffered or incurred by the
indemnified party. With respect to the Company s
professional services agreements, these indemnification
provisions typically apply to any claim asserted against its
client for infringement of intellectual property rights, but may
also include claims asserted against its client relating to
personal injury or property damage, violations of law or certain
breaches of the Company s contractual obligations. With
respect to lease agreements, these indemnification provisions
typically apply to claims asserted against the landlord relating
to personal injury and property damage caused by the Company,
violations of law or to certain breaches of the Company s
contractual obligations. In each case, the term of these
indemnification provisions generally survives the termination of
the agreement, although the provision has the most relevance
during the contract term and for a short period of time
thereafter. The maximum potential amount of future payments that
the Company could be required to make under these
indemnification provisions is unlimited, although in many cases
the Company s liability for indemnification is limited to a
specific dollar amount in the applicable contract. The Company
also has purchased insurance policies covering professional
errors and omissions, property damage and general liability that
reduce its monetary exposure for indemnification and enable it
to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. The Company has
never paid any material amounts to defend lawsuits or settle
claims related to these indemnification provisions. Accordingly,
the Company believes the estimated fair value of these
indemnification arrangements is minimal.

The Company frequently warrants that the technology solutions it
develops for its clients will operate in accordance with the
project specifications without defects for a specified warranty
period, subject to certain limitations that the Company believes
are standard in the industry. In the event that defects are
discovered during the warranty period, and none of the
limitations apply, the Company is obligated to remedy the
defects until the solution that the Company provided operates
within the project specifications. The Company is not typically
obligated by contract to provide its clients with any refunds of
the fees they have paid, although a small number of its
contracts provide for the payment of liquidated damages upon
default. The Company has purchased insurance policies covering
professional errors and omissions, property damage and general
liability that reduce its monetary exposure for warranty-related
claims and enable it to recover a portion of any future amounts
paid. The Company typically provides in its contracts for
testing and client acceptance procedures that are designed to
mitigate the likelihood of warranty-related claims, although
there can be no assurance

71

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

that such procedures will be effective for each project. The
Company has never paid any material amounts with respect to the
warranties for its solutions, although the Company sometimes
commits unanticipated levels of effort to projects to remedy
defects covered by its warranties. Deferred revenues on
contracts related to warranties is immaterial as of
December 31, 2005 and 2004.

(14) 
 
 Stock Plans 

(a) 
 
 1992 Stock Option Plan 

During 1992, the Company approved the 1992 Stock Plan (the
 1992 Plan for its employees. The 1992 Plan provided
for the Board of Directors to grant stock options, stock
purchase authorizations and stock bonus awards up to an
aggregate of 20,000,000 shares of non-voting common stock.
Since consummation of the Company s initial public offering
of common stock in April 1996, no further grants or awards may
be made pursuant to the 1992 Stock Plan. No options remain
outstanding under the 1992 Plan.

(b) 
 
 1996 Equity Stock Incentive Plan 

The Company s 1996 Equity Stock Incentive Plan (the
 1996 Plan authorizes the Company to grant options
to purchase common stock, and other certain other equity-related
awards such as restricted common stock and restricted stock
units, to employees and directors of, and consultants to, the
Company. A total of 19,200,000 shares of common stock may
be issued under the 1996 Plan. The 1996 Plan is administered by
the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, which
selects the persons to whom stock options and other awards are
granted and determines the number of shares, the exercise or
purchase prices, the vesting terms and the expiration dates of
options granted. Non-qualified stock options may be granted at
exercise prices which are above, equal to or below the grant
date fair market value of the common stock. The exercise price
of options qualifying as Incentive Stock Options may not be less
than the fair market value of the common stock on the grant
date. Stock options granted under the 1996 Plan are
nontransferable, generally become exercisable over a four-year
period and expire ten years after the date of grant (subject to
earlier termination in the event of the termination of the
optionee s employment or other relationship with the
Company).

(c) 
 
 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

The Company s 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the
 Purchase Plan authorized the issuance of up to
3,600,000 shares of common stock to participating employees
through a series of semi-annual offerings. The maximum number of
shares available in each offering was 200,000 shares (plus
any unpurchased shares available from previous offerings) for
the first six offerings, 240,000 shares (plus any
unpurchased shares available from previous offerings) for the
seventh through ninth offerings, 480,000 shares (plus any
unpurchased shares available from previous offerings) for the
tenth offering and 600,000 shares (plus any unpurchased
shares available from previous offerings) for the eleventh and
twelfth offerings. As of June 30, 2002, all twelve
offerings have occurred, and the Purchase Plan expired. Under
the Purchase Plan, the Company sold 1,198,002 and
856,849 shares of common stock in 2002 and 2001,
respectively.

(d) 
 
 1996 Director Stock Option Plan 

The Company s 1996 Director Stock Option Plan (the
Director Plan) authorizes the issuance of 240,000 shares of
common stock. Each non-employee director elected to the Board of
Directors after the adoption of the Director Plan will, upon his
or her election, automatically be granted an option to
purchase 40,000 shares of common stock at an exercise
price equal to the fair market value of the Company s
common stock on the grant date. Options granted pursuant to the
Directors Plan vest in four equal annual installments commencing
on the first anniversary of the date of grant and generally
expire ten years after the

72

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

date of grant. As of December 31, 2005 and 2004, options to
purchase 96,300 shares of common stock were
outstanding under the Director Plan.

(e) 
 
 1998 Stock Incentive Plan 

The Company s 1998 Stock Incentive Plan (the 1998
Plan authorizes the Company to grant options to purchase
common stock, to make awards of restricted common stock, and to
issue certain other equity-related awards to employees and
directors of, and consultants to, the Company. The total number
of shares of common stock which may be issued under the 1998
Plan is 18,000,000 shares. The 1998 Plan is administered by
the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, which
selects the persons to whom stock options and other awards are
granted and determines the number of shares, the exercise or
purchase prices, the vesting terms and the expiration date.
Non-qualified stock options may be granted at exercise prices
which are above, equal to or below the grant date fair market
value of the common stock. The exercise price of options
qualifying as Incentive Stock Options may not be less than the
fair market value of the common stock on the grant date. Stock
options granted under the 1998 Plan are nontransferable,
generally become exercisable over a four-year period and expire
ten years after the date of grant (subject to earlier
termination in the event of the termination of the
optionee s employment or other relationship with the
Company).

(f) 
 
 Human Code 1994 Stock Option/ Stock Issuance Plan 

Prior to the acquisition of Human Code, options to purchase
approximately 2,864,000 shares of Human Code common stock
were outstanding at exercise prices between 0.10 and
 3.25 per share. As a result of the acquisition, the
Company assumed these outstanding Human Code stock options and
converted them into options to purchase approximately
471,000 shares of the Company s common stock at
exercise prices between 1.00 and 32.64 per share. The
options vest ratably over periods up to four years. The Company
recorded deferred compensation of 11.2 million related to
the intrinsic value of the unvested options, all of which has
been amortized as of December 31, 2004. Stock-based
compensation expense relating to these options was approximately
 16,000 and 105,000 for 2004 and 2003, respectively. Deferred
compensation was fully amortized in the first quarter of 2004.
In connection with the termination of certain Human Code
employees to whom the deferred compensation related, 63,000
were reversed through additional
 paid-in -capital during
2003. No further grants may be made pursuant to the Human Code
Plan. Previously outstanding options under the Human Code Plan
remain outstanding, and are exercisable for shares of the
Company s common stock.

(g) 
 
 2001 Stock Option Plan 

The Company s 2001 Stock Option Plan (the 2001
Plan authorizes the Company to grant options to purchase
common stock to employees and directors of, and consultants to,
the Company. The total number of shares of common stock which
may be issued under the 2001 Plan is 12,000,000 shares. The
2001 Plan is administered by the Board of Directors, or a
subcommittee thereof, which selects the persons to whom stock
options are granted and determines the number of shares, the
exercise prices, the vesting terms and the expiration date.
Under the terms of the 2001 Plan, no stock options, including
non-qualified options, may be granted at exercise prices which
are below the grant date fair market value of the common stock.
Stock options granted under the 2001 Plan are nontransferable,
generally become exercisable over a four-year period and expire
ten years after the date of grant (subject to earlier
termination in the event of the termination of the
optionee s employment or other relationship with the
Company).

(h) 
 
 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

The Company s 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the
 2002 Purchase Plan authorizes the issuance of up to
2,700,000 shares of common stock to participating employees
through a series of periodic

73

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

offerings. The precise length of each offering, and the maximum
number of shares available for purchase in each offering, are
established by the Company s Board of Directors in advance
of the applicable offering commencement date. The first offering
under the 2002 Purchase Plan ran from July 1, 2002 until
February 28, 2003, and the maximum number of shares
available was 720,000 shares. The second, third and fourth
offerings under the 2002 Purchase Plan ran for six months each,
and the maximum number of shares available in each offering was
540,000 shares (plus any unpurchased shares from previous
offerings). The fifth offering under the 2002 Purchase Plan ran
for four months, and the maximum number of shares available in
the offering was 360,000 shares (plus any unpurchased
shares from previous offerings). The sixth offering ran from
January 1, 2005 until May 31, 2005, and the maximum
number of shares available was 685,237, which represent the
unpurchased shares from previous offerings. No new shares were
available for the sixth offering. An employee becomes eligible
to participate in the Purchase Plan when he or she is regularly
employed by the Company for at least 20 hours a week and
for more than five months in a calendar year on the first day of
the applicable offering. The price at which employees can
purchase common stock in an offering is 85 percent of the
closing price of the common stock on the Nasdaq National Market
on the day the offering commences or on the day the offering
terminates, whichever is lower.

(h) 
 
 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

The Company s 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the
 2005 Purchase Plan authorizes the issuance of up to
2,074,000 shares of common stock, plus 276,248 number of
shares of common stock unpurchased under the Company s 2002
Purchase Plan after the May 31, 2005 purchase, to
participating employees through a series of periodic offerings.
The precise length of each offering, and the maximum number of
shares available for purchase in each offering, are established
by the Company s Board of Directors in advance of the
applicable offering commencement date. No plan period may have a
duration exceeding twelve months. The first offering under the
2005 Purchase Plan ran from June 1, 2005 until
November 30, 2005, and the maximum number of shares
available was 400,000 shares. The second offering began on
December 1, 2005 and will through May 31, 2006, and
the maximum number of shares available are 400,000, which
represent the unpurchased shares from previous offerings. No new
shares were available for the second offering. An employee
becomes eligible to participate in the 2005 Purchase Plan when
he or she is regularly employed by the Company or a designated
subsidiary of the Company for at least 20 hours a week and
for more than five months in a calendar year on the first day of
the applicable offering, and an employee has not become
ineligible to so participate. The price at which employees can
purchase common stock in an offering is 85 percent of the
closing price of the common stock on the Nasdaq National Market
on the day the offering terminates.

74

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

A summary of the status of the Company s stock option plans
for 2005, 2004 and 2003 is presented below:

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Exercise 

Exercise 

Exercise 

Fixed Options 
 
 Shares 
 
 Price 
 
 Shares 
 
 Price 
 
 Shares 
 
 Price 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Outstanding at beginning of year

20,517 

10.45 

20,018 

11.04 

23,236 

13.67 

Granted

953 

7.92 

4,355 

6.30 

5,436 

2.98 

Exercised

(1,265) 

3.08 

(1,292) 

3.17 

(963) 

0.75 

Forfeited/ Expired

(1,558) 

11.24 

(2,564) 

11.40 

(7,691) 

14.67 

Outstanding at end of year

18,647 

10.76 

20,517 

10.45 

20,018 

11.04 

Options exercisable at year end

13,143 

10,599 

9,411 

Weighted average fair value of options granted during the year

5.20 

3.52 

1.97 

The fair value of each option granted is estimated on the date
of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The
following are the weighted average assumptions for grants in
2005, 2004 and 2003: dividend yield of zero percent for each
year; expected volatility ranging from 49 percent to
99 percent for 2005, from 101 to 108 percent for 2004
and 79 to 119 percent for 2003; risk free interest rates
ranging from 3.88 to 4.26 percent for 2005, 3.25 to
4.00 percent for 2004 and 1.0 to 1.3 percent for 2003;
and expected lives of 3.92 to 4.56 years for 2005,
4.56 years for 2004 and 4 years for 2003. The pro
forma impact on the three years ended December 31, 2005 is
not necessarily representative of the effects on earnings which
may be expected in future years under FAS123(R).

The following table summarizes information about stock options
outstanding at December 31, 2005:

Options Outstanding 

Options Exercisable 

Weighted 

Average 
 
 Weighted 

Weighted 

Remaining 
 
 Average 

Average 

Number 
 
 Contractual 
 
 Exercise 
 
 Number 
 
 Exercise 

Range of Exercise Prices 
 
 Outstanding 
 
 Life (years) 
 
 Price 
 
 Exercisable 
 
 Price 

(In thousands) 

(In thousands) 

0.59 to 1.91

2,102 

6.5 

1.47 

1,974 

1.46 

1.92 to 2.82

2,709 

7.5 

2.79 

1,198 

2.79 

2.91 to 6.00

2,306 

6.3 

5.12 

1,479 

5.12 

6.01 to 6.11

2,196 

7.9 

6.05 

663 

6.06 

6.13 to 7.92

2,378 

5.9 

6.98 

1,512 

6.87 

7.93 to 10.31

2,761 

5.0 

9.46 

2,141 

9.75 

10.34 to 28.69

2,278 

3.9 

13.86 

2,273 

13.86 

28.97 to 66.38

1,908 

4.1 

47.16 

1,894 

47.12 

69.28 to 69.28

9 

4.6 

69.28 

9 

69.28 

0.59 to 69.28

18,647 

5.9 

10.76 

13,143 

12.97 

75

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

(15) 
 
 Retirement Plans 

The Company established a 401(k) retirement savings plan for
employees in June 1994. Under the provisions of the plan, the
Company matches 25 percent of an employee s
contribution, up to a maximum of 1,250 per employee per
year. Total Company contributions in 2005, 2004 and 2003 were
approximately 0.7 million, 0.5 million and
 0.6 million, respectively.

(16) 
 
 Stockholders Equity 

(a) 
 
 Redeemable Common Stock 

On June 1, 2005, the Company issued 313,943 shares of
common stock which carry an embedded put option feature. If the
Company s average common stock per share price during the
ten business days ending on each of the first, second and third
anniversary of June 1, 2005, the closing date of the BIS
acquisition, is less than 25 2.1375 per share) of the
Buyer Share Price, certain holders of the shares issued as
consideration can require the Company to repurchase the shares
at 2.1375 per share. As of December 31, 2005, the
maximum amount that the Company would be required to pay in cash
is approximately 0.7 million. As the potential redemption
is outside the control of the Company, the potential future cash
obligation associated with the put option has been classified
outside of permanent equity to a temporary equity account in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheet.

(b) 
 
 Preferred Stock 

On February 13, 1996, the Board of Directors authorized an
amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation
giving the Board the authority to issue up to
5,000,000 shares, 0.01 par value, of preferred stock
with terms to be established by the Board at the time of
issuance. The Company has not issued shares of preferred stock
to date.

(c) 
 
 Restricted Common Stock 

On October 23, 2002, the Company granted
324,500 shares of restricted common stock to senior
executive officers of the Company. The Company did not make
grants of restricted shares to Messrs. Greenberg and Moore.
These shares vest ratably over a period of four years from the
grant date. The Company measured the intrinsic value of the
shares based on the market value of the shares on the date of
the grant. Five of these senior executive officers have since
left the Company and 82,500 shares were forfeited as a
result. The stock-based compensation charge will be
approximately 17,000 per quarter for the next
3 quarters, and approximately 5,000 for the final quarter.

On March 21, 2003, HWT issued 50,000 restricted shares of
its common stock to an executive officer of HWT. The restricted
shares vest ratably over a period of four years. The stock-based
compensation charge will be approximately 3,300 per
quarter for the next 5 quarters.

(d) 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 

During the third quarter of 2005, the Company began granting
restricted stock unit awards RSUs instead of the
Company s annual grant of stock options. During 2005, the
Company granted approximately 1.7 million RSUs that will
allow employees the right to acquire shares of the
Company s common stock. The RSUs were valued at their fair
market value on date of grant and vest 25 annually over four
years. Any portion of the RSU award that has not become vested
will be forfeited automatically, for any reason, upon an
employee s employment termination. The stock-based
compensation charge will be approximately 834,000 per
quarter through June 2009.

76

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

(e) 
 
 Unrestricted Common Stock 

On August 8, 2004, the Company issued 3,000 shares of
unrestricted common stock under its 1996 Equity Stock Incentive
Plan to a former member of its Board of Directors and a member
of its new advisory board. The shares were 100 vested upon
issuance and the Company recorded stock based compensation in
the amount of approximately 20,000, which was the fair market
value of the shares of common stock on the issuance date.

On August 8, 2003, the Company issued 3,000 shares of
unrestricted common stock under its 1996 Equity Stock Incentive
Plan to a former member of its Board of Directors and a member
of its new advisory board. The shares were 100 vested upon
issuance and the Company recorded stock based compensation in
the amount of approximately 8,000, which was the fair market
value of the shares of common stock on the issuance date.

(f) 
 
 Treasury Stock 

The Company uses the cost method to account for its treasury
stock transactions. Treasury stock shares are issued in
connection with the Company s stock option plans,
restricted stock plans and its employee stock purchase plan
using the average cost basis method.

On November 16, 2004, the Board of Directors authorized a
stock repurchase program of up to 25.0 million over a
two-year period. During 2005, we repurchased approximately
3,011,000 shares for 17.6 million. Subsequent to
December 31, 2005, the Company repurchased approximately
1,040,000 shares for approximately 6.2 million. On
February 10, 2006, the Board of Directors authorized a stock
repurchase program allowing for the repurchase of up to an
additional 25.0 million of our common stock over a
two-year period; therefore, together with the previous purchase
of stock repurchase program, the Company is authorized to
repurchase an aggregate of 50.0 million of our common
stock. As of March 1, 2006, the Company has repurchased an
additional 1.0 million shares of its common stock at an
average price of 5.98 per share for an aggregate purchase
price of 6.2 million, leaving 26.5 million for
future repurchases. Any shares purchased under the stock
repurchase programs will be held as treasury shares. The
purchase price for the shares of our common stock repurchased
was reflected as a reduction to shareholders equity.

(g) 
 
 Income (Loss) Per Share 

The following information presents the Company s
computation of basic and diluted income (loss) per share for the
periods presented in the consolidated statements of operations
(in thousands, except per share data):

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Net income (loss)

25,698 

22,819 

(4,898) 

Basic net income (loss) per share:

Weighted average common shares outstanding

124,725 

123,040 

121,188 

Basic net income (loss) per share

0.21 

0.19 

(0.04) 

Diluted net income (loss) per share:

Weighted average common shares outstanding

124,725 

123,040 

121,188 

Dilutive common share equivalents

4,573 

5,418 

Weighted average common shares and dilutive common share
 equivalents

129,298 

128,458 

121,188 

Diluted net income (loss) per share

0.20 

0.18 

(0.04) 

77

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Excluded from the above 2005 and 2004 computation of weighted
average common shares and dilutive common share equivalents for
diluted net income per share were options to purchase
approximately 8.2 million and 8.1 million shares of
common stock because their inclusion would have an anti-dilutive
effect on diluted net income per share. Weighted options to
purchase approximately 16.3 million shares of common stock
were outstanding at December 31, 2003, but were not
included in the computation of diluted loss per share because
the Company recorded a net loss for 2003.

(17) 
 
 Investment in Consolidated Subsidiary 

On January 24, 2003, the Company increased its ownership
percentage in HWT, a consolidated subsidiary, from 55 to 69 by
purchasing a total of 587,092 shares of HWT common stock
from Jerry A. Greenberg and J. Stuart Moore, its Co-Chairmen and
Co-CEOs, for a total purchase price of 557,737, in cash. The
purchase price per share paid to Messrs. Greenberg and
Moore was 0.95, which represented a substantial loss from their
cost basis per share of 5.00. Messrs. Greenberg and Moore
are no longer shareholders of HWT. The Company also commenced a
tender offer on January 24, 2003 to purchase the remaining
shares of HWT, for 1.05 per share, in cash. The tender
offer period expired on February 24, 2003. As a result of
the tender offer, the Company purchased a total of
927,395 shares of HWT common stock, for a total purchase
price of 973,765, and the Company s ownership percentage
in HWT increased from 69 to 85 . These acquisitions were
accounted for as purchases, and, the purchase price was
allocated primarily to customer contracts and developed
technology, which are included in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet under the caption Intangible assets,
net. These assets are being amortized on a straight line
basis over lives of 3 years.

On March 21, 2003, HWT issued 526,190 shares of its
common stock to an executive officer of HWT in connection with
the executive s initial employment with HWT including
50,000 restricted shares issued under the executive s
employment agreement, and the remaining shares were purchased by
the executive for 1.05 per share in cash. The
Company s ownership percentage in HWT was reduced to 79.5 
as a result of the March 2003 issuance. The Company recorded a
gain of 365,000, as a result of the change in equity interest
resulting from the stock issuance to the executive. The Company
accounted for this gain as a component of stockholders 
equity due to losses incurred by HWT in 2003.

(18) 
 
 Related Party Transactions 

On July 2, 2003, the Company reached an agreement with the
management team of Sapient S.p.A., the Company s joint
venture in Milan, Italy, pursuant to which the management team
acquired all of the shares of Sapient S.p.A. from the
shareholders of the joint venture. As a result, the Company no
longer holds any ownership interest in the voting shares of
Sapient S.p.A. and the joint venture agreement has been
terminated. The management team is the exclusive licensee of
Sapient s intellectual property in Italy and the Company is
entitled to a royalty equal to 2 of the annual revenue of
Sapient S.p.A. beginning July 2, 2005. The Company also has
an option to purchase 100 of the ownership of Sapient
S.p.A., based on a formula which estimates fair value, among
other rights. The option is exercisable from July 2007 through
July 2010.

(19) 
 
 Segment Reporting 

Segment Reporting 

The Company has discrete financial data by operating segments
available based on the Company s method of internal
reporting, which disaggregates its operations on a business unit
basis for our United States operations and on a geographic basis
for its international operations. Operating segments are defined
as components of the Company for which separate financial
information is available to manage resources and evaluate
performance regularly by the chief operating decision makers.
Beginning with the first quarter of 2005, the Company combined
two of its United States business units and reorganized certain
groups within

78

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

the business units. Specifically, the Company combined its
Financial Services business unit and its Automotive, Consumer
and Energy business units into one business unit, which is now
named Financial Services, Automotive, Consumer and Energy. In
addition, within the Public Services business unit, the Company
separated the Government, Education and Health Care groups: the
Education and Health Care groups were combined with the
Technology and Communications business unit, and Government
became a standalone business unit. These changes reduced the
number of United States business units to three:
(i) Financial Services, Automotive, Consumer and Energy,
(ii) Technology, Education, Communications and Health Care
and (iii) Government. The Company reported four business
units in the United States prior to the first quarter of 2005.
In addition, the Company has three international business units:
United Kingdom, Germany and Canada. The Company has reported its
results by operating segments accordingly, and quarterly and
annual results for operating segments for 2004 and 2003 have
been reclassified to reflect these changes.

Subsequent to the acquisition, the Company incorporated BIS (see
Note 3) into the appropriate individual operating segments.
The Company included BIS service revenues and operating income
in the respective operating segment from which revenue was
derived. The Company has reported its results by operating
segments accordingly, and year to date results for operating
segments for 2005 have been reclassified to reflect these
changes.

The tables below present the service revenues and operating
income attributable to these operating segments for the periods
presented. The all other category represents HWT,
Inc. (formerly Health Watch Technologies, LLC), a majority-owned
subsidiary.

The Company does not allocate certain selling and marketing and
general and administrative expenses to its business unit
segments in the United States, because these activities are
managed separately from the business units. Except for the
workforce reduction costs associated with the 2003 restructuring
activity, the Company did not allocate the restructuring and
other related charges across its operating segments for internal
management purposes, given that these costs primarily relate to
general and administrative expenses and are not specific
individual operating segments. The 2003 allocation of the
workforce reduction costs associated was based upon specific
identification of terminated employees to their respective
individual operating segment.

The tables below present the service revenues and operating
income (loss) attributable to these operating segments for the
periods presented. The all other category includes
HWT, Inc. (formerly Health Watch Technologies, LLC), a
majority-owned subsidiary and unallocated costs relating to
India.

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

Service Revenues 
 
 2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

(In thousands) 

Financial Services/ Automotive/ Consumer/ Energy

105,203 

73,918 

55,596 

Technology/ Education/ Communications/ HealthCare

69,941 

45,690 

34,030 

Government

24,558 

15,797 

14,461 

United Kingdom

65,695 

63,770 

51,211 

Germany

28,931 

32,089 

17,784 

Canada

19,153 

17,013 

7,610 

Total Reportable Segments

313,481 

248,277 

180,692 

All other

6,015 

5,659 

4,103 

Consolidated Total

319,496 

253,936 

184,795 

79

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

Operating Income (Loss) 
 
 2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

(In thousands) 

Financial Services/ Automotive/ Consumer/ Energy(1)

35,625 

24,437 

18,958 

Technology/ Education/ Communications/ HealthCare(1)

21,138 

15,363 

7,588 

Government(1)

10,452 

5,850 

2,538 

United Kingdom

3,300 

6,418 

(1,830) 

Germany

3,630 

6,835 

2,333 

Canada

3,646 

4,647 

1,558 

Total Reportable Segments(1)

77,791 

63,550 

31,145 

All other(1)

1,099 

3,581 

1,695 

Reconciling items(2)

(53,804) 

(41,879) 

(36,401) 

Consolidated Income Before Income Taxes(3)

25,086 

25,252 

(3,561) 

(1) 
 
 Reflects only the direct controllable expenses of each business
 unit segment. It does not represent the total operating results
 for each business unit segment in the United States as it does
 not contain an allocation of certain corporate and general and
 administrative expenses incurred in support of the business unit
 segments. 

(2) 
 
 Adjustments that are made to the total of the segments 
 operating income (loss) in order to arrive at consolidated
 income (loss) before income taxes include the following: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Unallocated restructuring and other related charges

7,218 

1,108 

737 

Amortization of intangible assets

1,104 

515 

1,772 

Stock-based compensation

1,770 

779 

1,089 

Other income

(108) 

(65) 

(2,729) 

Interest income

(4,240) 

(2,655) 

(1,902) 

Unallocated expenses(4)

48,060 

42,197 

37,434 

53,804 

41,879 

36,401 

(3) 
 
 Represents consolidated income (loss) before income taxes. 

(4) 
 
 Includes corporate portion of both selling and marketing and
 general and administrative costs. 

80

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Geographic Data 

Data for the geographic regions in which the Company operates is
presented below for the periods presented in the consolidated
statements of operations and the consolidated balance sheets:

2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

(In thousands) 

Service revenues:

United States

205,717 

141,064 

108,180 

International

113,779 

112,872 

76,615 

Total service revenues

319,496 

253,936 

184,795 

Long-lived assets:

United States

8,765 

7,702 

9,208 

International

12,512 

7,659 

5,130 

Total long-lived assets

21,277 

15,361 

14,338 

81

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

(20) 
 
 Quarterly Financial Results (Unaudited) 

The following tables set forth certain unaudited quarterly
results of operations of the Company for 2005 and 2004. The
quarterly operating results are not necessarily indicative of
future results of operations.

Certain amounts in previously issued financial statements have
been reclassified to conform to the current presentation.
Project personnel costs, before reimbursable expenses, selling
and marketing cots and general and administrative costs for the
year ended December 31, 2004, are inclusive of the
stock-based compensation expense consistent with cash
compensation paid to the such employees.

Three Months Ended 

March 31, 
 
 June 30, 
 
 September 30, 
 
 December 31, 

2005 
 
 2005 
 
 2005 
 
 2005 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

(Unaudited) 

Revenues:

Service revenues

76,808 

76,279 

81,747 

84,662 

Reimbursable expenses

3,546 

2,480 

3,722 

3,794 

Total gross revenues

80,354 

78,759 

85,469 

88,456 

Operating expenses:

Project personnel costs, before reimbursable expenses

45,983 

43,561 

50,967 

49,573 

Reimbursable expenses

3,546 

2,480 

3,722 

3,794 

Total project personnel costs

49,529 

46,041 

54,689 

53,367 

Selling and marketing costs

3,613 

3,803 

3,036 

3,577 

General and administrative costs

20,923 

21,653 

21,151 

22,596 

Restructuring and other related charges

5,250 

1,968 

Amortization of intangible assets

129 

212 

381 

382 

Total operating expenses

74,194 

76,959 

79,257 

81,890 

Income from operations

6,160 

1,800 

6,212 

6,566 

Other income, net

4 

55 

28 

21 

Interest income

826 

1,396 

1,013 

1,005 

Income before income taxes

6,990 

3,251 

7,253 

7,592 

Provision for income taxes

839 

487 

943 

1,408 

Benefit from release of valuation allowance

(4,289) 

Net income

6,151 

2,764 

6,310 

10,473 

Basic income per share

0.05 

0.02 

0.05 

0.09 

Diluted income per share

0.05 

0.02 

0.05 

0.08 

Included in our fourth quarter 2005 restructuring and other
related charges is 930 thousand related to the correction
of restructuring charges for rent obligations in prior periods
and approximately 350 thousand related to the write-off of
leasehold improvements not previously written off (see
Note 11).

82

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Three Months Ended 

March 31, 
 
 June 30, 
 
 September 30, 
 
 December 31, 

2004 
 
 2004 
 
 2004 
 
 2004 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

(Unaudited) 

Revenues:

Service revenues

58,878 

64,464 

64,193 

66,401 

Reimbursable expenses

2,179 

3,554 

3,178 

3,189 

Total gross revenues

61,057 

68,018 

67,371 

69,590 

Operating expenses:

Project personnel costs, before reimbursable expenses

36,516 

36,408 

34,575 

35,703 

Reimbursable expenses

2,179 

3,554 

3,178 

3,189 

Total project personnel costs

38,695 

39,962 

37,753 

38,892 

Selling and marketing costs

4,262 

4,230 

3,167 

3,549 

General and administrative costs

16,983 

17,527 

18,585 

18,276 

Restructuring and other related charges

867 

241 

Amortization of intangible assets

129 

129 

128 

129 

Total operating expenses

60,069 

62,715 

59,874 

60,846 

Income from operations

988 

5,303 

7,497 

8,744 

Other income, net

18 

5 

42 

Interest income

455 

581 

721 

898 

Income before income taxes

1,443 

5,902 

8,223 

9,684 

Benefit from release of valuation allowance

(635) 

Provision for income taxes

148 

232 

390 

2,298 

Net income

1,295 

5,670 

7,833 

8,021 

Basic income per share

0.01 

0.05 

0.06 

0.06 

Diluted income per share

0.01 

0.04 

0.06 

0.06 

(21) 
 
 Subsequent Events 

On January 3, 2006, the Company purchased Planning Group
International, Inc PGI ), a Miami-based integrated
marketing agency that specializes in online, offline and
multi-channel marketing strategies and programs. The acquisition
expands the Company s marketing services to include
advertising, brand development, direct marketing, data mining,
paid search, and media planning and buying. The acquisition
added approximately 160 employees, all of whom became part of
the Company s Experience Marketing Group.

Consideration for the acquisition totaled 39.0 million,
including transaction costs of 0.6 million. The
consideration consisted of approximately 29.2 million in
cash paid at closing, the issuance of 1,306,908 shares of
common stock valued at 7.6 million, and additional
payments made to PGI shareholders of 1.6 million during
January 2006.

The 7.6 million of common stock consideration related to
the issuance of 1,306,908 shares of common stock is based
on the average market price of the Company s common shares
over the 5-day period
immediately prior to and including the closing date (the
 Buyer Share Price equaled 5.83 per share).

83

Table of Contents 

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING
ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES 

Years Ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003 

Balance at 

Balance at 

Beginning 
 
 Charge to 

End of 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 
 of Year 
 
 Expense 
 
 Recoveries 
 
 Write-Offs 
 
 Year 

(In thousands) 

December 31, 2003

2,246 

624 

(494) 

(860) 

1,516 

December 31, 2004

1,516 

654 

(182) 

(92) 

1,896 

December 31, 2005

1,896 

728 

(1,509) 

(226) 

889 

84

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
 Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None.

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

An evaluation was performed, as of December 31, 2005, under
the supervision and with the participation of management,
including the Chief Executive Officers CEOs and
Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(e) 
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Act )). There are inherent limitations to the
effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures, including
cost limitations, judgments used in decision making, assumptions
regarding the likelihood of future events, soundness of internal
controls, fraud, the possibility of human error and the
circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures.
Based on that evaluation, management, including the CEOs and
CFO, has concluded that, as of December 31, 2005, the
Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports
that the Company files or submits under the Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to management,
including our CEOs and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure.

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term
is defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) 
under the Act. The Company s internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
 detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
 dispositions of assets of the Company; 

provide reasonable assurance that the transactions are recorded
 as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
 that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made
 only in accordance with authorizations of management and
 directors of the Company; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
 detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the
 Company s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations,
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
 detect misstatements. Also projections of any evaluation of
 effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
 controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
 or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may
 deteriorate. 

Under the supervision and with the participation of management,
including the CEOs and CFO, an evaluation was performed, as of
December 31, 2005, of the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. The
evaluation was based on the criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on our assessment under those
criteria, management concluded that the Company s internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2005.

Management s assessment of the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2005 has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public
accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.

85

Table of Contents 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

During the quarter ended December 31, 2005, the Company
filled an open finance position with the addition of a Corporate
Controller. In addition, the cumulative impact of the previously
disclosed finance personnel additions made during 2005 were
realized and management obtained sufficient evidence of the
operating effectiveness of such personnel during the quarter
ended December 31, 2005. Accordingly, management has
determined that the Company s previously reported material
weakness related to the lack of a sufficient complement of
senior financial accounting and reporting personnel possessing
competencies commensurate with the company s financial
reporting requirements has been remediated.

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers of the Company 

Directors and Compliance with Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act 

The response to this Item regarding the Directors of the
Company, including the identification of the members of the
Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors and
information regarding audit committee financial experts, will be
contained in the Proxy Statement for the 2006 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders under the caption Information About Our
Directors and is incorporated herein. The response to this
Item regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act by the Company s officers and Directors will
be contained in the Proxy Statement for the 2006 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders under the caption Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance and is
incorporated herein.

Executive Officers of the Company 

The response to this Item is contained in Part I,
Item 4A.

Code of Conduct 

On January 22, 2003, our Board of Directors approved the
Sapient Corporation Code of Ethics and Conduct. Our Code of
Ethics and Conduct covers all employees, Directors and
independent contractors of the Company, including our Co-Chief
Executive Officers and our Chief Financial Officer. A copy of
our Code of Ethics and Conduct is included as an exhibit to this
Annual Report. Any waivers of our Code of Ethics and Conduct
involving our executive officers will be posted on our website,
http://www.sapient.com. A printed copy of these documents will
be made available upon request.

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

The response to this Item will be contained in the Proxy
Statement for the 2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the
captions Information About Our Directors and
 Information About Executive Compensation and is
incorporated herein.

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
 Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The response to this Item with respect to security ownership of
certain beneficial owners and management will be contained in
the Proxy Statement for the 2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
under the caption Information About Ownership of Our
Common Stock and is incorporated herein.

86

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes, as of December 31, 2005,
the number of options issued under our equity compensation plans
and the number of awards available for future issuance under
these plans:

(c) 

Number of 

Securities 

(a) 

Remaining Available 

Number of 
 
 (b) 
 
 for Future 

Securities 
 
 Weighted- 
 
 Issuance Under 

to be Issued 
 
 Average 
 
 Equity Compensation 

Upon 
 
 Exercise Price 
 
 Plans, Excluding 

Exercise of 
 
 of 
 
 Securities Reflected 

Outstanding 
 
 Outstanding 
 
 in Column 

Plan Category 
 
 Options 
 
 Options 
 
 (a)(1)(2) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders

18,647,069 

10.76 

18,647,069 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders

Total

18,647,069 

10.76 

18,647,069 

(1) 
 
 17,666,179 of the shares listed in column (c) may be issued
 in the form of restricted stock, pursuant to the terms of our
 1996 Equity Stock Incentive Plan and our 1998 Stock Incentive
 Plan. No shares of restricted stock are available for issuance
 under our other stock option plans. 

(2) 
 
 Column (c) includes 400,000 shares that are available
 for issuance under our 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan on
 May 31, 2006. 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

The response to this Item will be contained in the Proxy
Statement for the 2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the
caption Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions and is incorporated herein.

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The response to this Item will be contained in the Proxy
Statement for the 2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the
caption Statement of Independent Auditors Fees and
Services and is incorporated herein.

87

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

15(a)(1) 
 
 Financial Statements 

The Consolidated Financial Statements filed as part of this
report are listed and indexed on page 43. Schedules other
than those listed in the index have been omitted because they
are not applicable or the required information has been included
elsewhere in this report.

15(a)(2) 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
and Reserves are included in this report.

15(a)(3) 
 
 Exhibits 

The exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K are
listed in the Exhibit Index immediately preceding the
exhibits. The Company has identified in the Exhibit Index
each management contract and compensation plan filed as an
exhibit to this Annual Report on
Form 10-K in
response to Item 14(c) of
Form 10-K.

88

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.

SAPIENT CORPORATION 

By: 
 
 /s/ JERRY A. GREENBERG 

Jerry A. Greenberg 

Co-Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: March 16, 2006

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the Registrant and in the following capacities and
on the dates indicated.

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

Principal Executive Officers: 

/s/ JERRY A. GREENBERG 
 Jerry A. Greenberg 

Co-Chairman and 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

March 16, 2006 

/s/ J. STUART MOORE 
 J. Stuart Moore 

Co-Chairman and 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

March 16, 2006 

Principal Financial Officer: 

/s/ SCOTT J. KRENZ 
 Scott J. Krenz 

Chief Financial Officer 

March 16, 2006 

Principal Accounting Officer: 

/s/ STEPHEN P. SARNO 
 Stephen P. Sarno 

Chief Accounting Officer 

March 16, 2006 

Directors: 

/s/ JERRY A. GREENBERG 
 Jerry A. Greenberg 

March 16, 2006 

/s/ J. STUART MOORE 
 J. Stuart Moore 

March 16, 2006 

/s/ JEFF CUNNINGHAM 
 Jeff Cunningham 

March 16, 2006 

/s/ DENNIS H. CHOOKASZIAN 
 Dennis H. Chookaszian 

March 16, 2006 

89

Table of Contents 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ DARIUS W. GASKINS, JR. 
 Darius W. Gaskins, Jr. 

March 16, 2006 

/s/ GARY S. MCKISSOCK 
 Gary S. McKissock 

March 16, 2006 

/s/ BRUCE D. PARKER 
 Bruce D. Parker 

March 16, 2006 

90

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 

Number 

Description 

3 
 .1(1) 

Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

3 
 .2(1) 

Amended and Restated Bylaws 

4 
 .1(2) 

Specimen Certificate for Shares of Common Stock, .01 par
 value, of the Company 

10 
 .1(2) 

1996 Equity Stock Incentive Plan 

10 
 .2(2) 

1996 Director Stock Option Plan 

10 
 .3(3) 

1998 Stock Incentive Plan 

10 
 .4(4) 

2001 Stock Option Plan 

10 
 .5 

Director Compensation Matters 

14 
 .1(5) 

Code of Ethics and Conduct 

21 

List of Subsidiaries 

23 
 .1 

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

31 
 .1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

31 
 .2 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

31 
 .3 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

32 
 .1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

32 
 .2 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

32 
 .3 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

Exhibits filed herewith. 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

(1) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s
 Form 10-Q for the
 fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2004 (File No.
 000-28074). 

(2) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s
 Registration Statement on
 Form S-1 (File
 No. 333-1586).

(3) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s
 Form 10-K for the
 fiscal year ended December 31, 1998 (File
 No. 000-28074). 

(4) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Proxy
 Statement for the 2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (File
 No. 000-28074). 

(5) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s
 Form 10-K for the
 fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 (File
 No. 000-28074). 

91

<EX-10.5>
 2
 b58465scexv10w5.txt
 EX-10.5 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION MATTER

.
 .
 .

 EXHIBIT 10.5

 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION CHART+

ANNUAL LEAD INDEPENDENT BOARD COMMITTEE
 ANNUAL BOARD DIRECTOR & COMMITTEE MEETING FEE MEETING FEE
MEMBER RETAINER CHAIR RETAINER (PER MEETING FEE) (PER MEETING FEE) EQUITY GRANTS
- --------------- ---------------------------------- ----------------- ----------------- -------------------------------------
 
 15,000 - Lead Independent Director & 2,000 750 - Restricted Stock Units grant
 Audit Chair: 20,000 upon first (initial) appointment
 to Board of Directors: 75,000
 - Compensation Committee Chair: in Fair Market Value , capped
 10,000 at 12,500 units, 4-yr.
 straight-line vesting (i.e., 25 
 - Nominating and Governance per year).
 Committee Chair: 5,000 
 - Annual Restricted Stock Units
 grant: 40,000 in Fair Market
 Value ; 100 "cliff" vesting
 at 1st anniversary.

- ----------
+ Directors who are also employees of the Company do not receive any
 compensation for serving as Directors or as members of Committees.

 Retainer paid in equal quarterly installments.

 Fee reduced 50 (i) if attended by telephone; or (ii) for Committee
 meetings held immediately before or after a Board meeting.

 The number of Restricted Stock Units ("Units") to be granted will be
 determined as follows:

 - The Fair Market Value ("FMV") will be calculated based on the last
 reported sale price per share of the Company's Common Stock on the
 NASDAQ National Market on the Units grant date.

 - The FMV will then be divided into 75,000 [if a "first (initial)"
 grant] or 40,000 [if an annual grant] to determine the number of
 Units to be granted.

</EX-10.5>

<EX-21>
 3
 b58465scexv21.txt
 EX-21 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

EXHIBIT 21

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

HWT, Inc. (Delaware corporation, approximately 80 owned by Sapient Corporation)

Sapient Australia Pty. Ltd. (Australian company, wholly-owned)

Sapient Canada Inc. (Ontario corporation, wholly-owned)

Sapient Corporation Private Limited (India corporation, wholly-owned)

Sapient GmbH, a Dusseldorf corporation (German corporation, wholly-owned)

Sapient Government Services, Inc. (Delaware corporation, wholly-owned)

Sapient Limited (UK limited liability company, wholly-owned)

Sapient Netherlands, B.V. (Netherlands corporation, wholly-owned)

Sapient Securities Corporation (Massachusetts corporation, wholly-owned)

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 b58465scexv23w1.txt
 EX-23.1 CONSENT OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP

EXHIBIT 23.1

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-32168, 333-32180, 333-45636, 333-65462 and
333-72628) and on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-90946, 333-07561, 333-07565,
333-44998,333-53769, 333-64830, 333-64838, 333-77031 and 333-125384) of Sapient
Corporation of our report dated March 16, 2006 relating to the financial
statements, financial statement schedule, management's assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Boston, Massachusetts
March 16, 2006

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 b58465scexv31w1.txt
 EX-31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CEO

EXHIBIT 31.1

I, Jerry A. Greenberg, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sapient Corporation;

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue
 statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
 make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
 this annual report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
 information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
 financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
 disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
 us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
 which this annual report is being prepared;

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
 such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles;

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
 and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
 of the period covered by this annual report based on such evaluation;
 and

 d. Disclosed in this annual report any change in the registrant's
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
 fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
 registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on
 our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
 the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
 of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
 operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
 record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
 employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting.

SIGNATURE TITLE DATE
 --------- ----- ----

/s/ Jerry A. Greenberg Co-Chief Executive Officer March 16, 2006
- ----------------------------- Co-Chairman of the Board
Jerry A. Greenberg

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 b58465scexv31w2.txt
 EX-31.2 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CEO

EXHIBIT 31.2

I, J. Stuart Moore, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sapient Corporation;

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue
 statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
 make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
 this annual report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
 information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
 financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
 disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
 us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
 which this annual report is being prepared;

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
 such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles;

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
 and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
 of the period covered by this annual report based on such evaluation;
 and

 d. Disclosed in this annual report any change in the registrant's
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
 fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
 registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on
 our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
 the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
 of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
 operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
 record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
 employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting.

SIGNATURE TITLE DATE
 --------- ----- ----

/s/ J. Stuart Moore Co-Chief Executive Officer March 16, 2006
- ----------------------------- Co-Chairman of the Board
J. Stuart Moore

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 7
 b58465scexv31w3.txt
 EX-31.3 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CFO

EXHIBIT 31.3

I, Scott J. Krenz, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sapient Corporation;

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue
 statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
 make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
 this annual report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
 information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
 financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
 disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
 us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
 which this annual report is being prepared;

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
 such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles;

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
 and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
 of the period covered by this annual report based on such evaluation;
 and

 d. Disclosed in this annual report any change in the registrant's
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
 fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
 registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on
 our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
 the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
 of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
 operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
 record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
 employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting.

SIGNATURE TITLE DATE
 --------- ----- ----

/s/ Scott J. Krenz Chief Financial Officer March 16, 2006
- -----------------------------
Scott J. Krenz

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 b58465scexv32w1.txt
 EX-32.1 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CEO

EXHIBIT 32.1

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Sapient Corporation (the "Corporation")
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Jerry A.
Greenberg, the Co-Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
 material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Corporation.

/s/ JERRY A. GREENBERG
 ----------------------------------------
 JERRY A. GREENBERG
 CO-CHAIRMAN AND CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE
 OFFICER

Dated: March 16, 2006

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to Sapient Corporation and will be retained by Sapient Corporation and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 b58465scexv32w2.txt
 EX-32.2 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CEO

EXHIBIT 32.2

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Sapient Corporation (the "Corporation")
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, J. Stuart Moore,
the Co-Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
 material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Corporation.

/s/ J. STUART MOORE
 ----------------------------------------
 J. STUART MOORE
 CO-CHAIRMAN AND CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE
 OFFICER

Dated: March 16, 2006

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to Sapient Corporation and will be retained by Sapient Corporation and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 10
 b58465scexv32w3.txt
 EX-32.3 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION CFO

EXHIBIT 32.3

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Sapient Corporation (the "Corporation")
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Scott J. Krenz,
the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that:

 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
 material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Corporation.

/s/ SCOTT J. KRENZ
 ----------------------------------------
 SCOTT J. KRENZ
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Dated: March 16, 2006

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to Sapient Corporation and will be retained by Sapient Corporation and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.3>

