<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20070319_10-K_edgar_data_1011028_0001144204-07-013457.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2721962</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>353211</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1911719</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-07-013457.hdr.sgml : 20070319
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20070319155514
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-07-013457
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20061231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20070319
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20070319

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NETSMART TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001011028
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				133680154
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21177
		FILM NUMBER:		07703398

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3500 SUNRISE HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE D122
		CITY:			GREAT RIVER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11739
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5169682000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3500 SUNRISE HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE D122
		CITY:			GREAT RIVER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11739

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 AWyn/Tifevq87Q7jhQMSvDUHHTgYUUIM2fo8XVJ0fjnp0fgr4RO8NHvcg9eARL+0
 GU6sUo7MCbYYRsP+A52xQA==

 0001144204-07-013457.txt : 20070319

10-K
 1
 v068716_10-k.htm

UNITED
 STATES 

 SECURITIES
 AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
 D.C. 20549 

FORM
 10-K 

x ANNUAL
 REPORT
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
 1934 

For
 the
 fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 

Commission
 file number: 0-21177 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 (Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 

13-3680154 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 

(I.R.S.
 Employer 

incorporation
 or organization) 

Identification
 Number) 

3500
 Sunrise Highway, Suite D-122, Great River, NY 11739 

 (Address
 of principal executive offices) (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code: (631) 968-2000 

Securities
 registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 

Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

None 

None 

Securities
 registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
 Stock, par value .01 per share 

 (Title
 of
 class) 

Indicate
 by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined
 in
 Rule 405 of the Securities Act. o Yes x No 

Indicate
 by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to
 Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. o Yes x No 

Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to
 be
 filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
 the
 preceding 12 months, (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was
 required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
 requirements for the past 90 days. x Yes o No 

Indicate
 by a check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of
 Regulation S - K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
 best
 of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
 incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to
 this
 Form 10-K. o 

Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
 accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of accelerated
 filer and large accelerated filer in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
 one): 

Large
 accelerated filer o 

Accelerated
 filer x 

Non-accelerated
 filer o 

Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) o Yes
 x No 

As
 of
 June 30, 2006, the last day of the Registrant s second fiscal quarter, the
 aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non
 affiliates was approximately 77,508,000. 

As
 of
 March 1, 2007, the registrant had outstanding 6,570,434 shares of common
 stock. 

DOCUMENTS
 INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None 

Part
 I 

Forward-Looking
 Statements 

Statements
 in this Form 10-K annual report may be forward-looking statements within the
 meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking
 statements include, but are not limited to, statements that express our
 intentions, beliefs, expectations, strategies, predictions or any other
 statements relating to our future activities or other future events or
 conditions. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and
 projections about our business based, in part, on assumptions made by
 management. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and
 involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict.
 Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is
 expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements due to numerous
 factors, including those risks discussed from time to time in this Form 10-K
 annual report for the year ended December 31, 2006, and in other documents
 which
 we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, such
 statements could be affected by risks and uncertainties related to product
 demand, market and customer acceptance, competition, government regulations
 and
 requirements, pricing and development difficulties, as well as general industry
 and market conditions and growth rates, and general economic conditions. Any
 forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made,
 and
 we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement
 to
 reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-K. 

Item
 1. Business. 

In
 this
 report, the terms Netsmart , we , us or our mean Netsmart Technologies,
 Inc. and the subsidiaries in our consolidated financial statements. 

Introduction 

We
 develop market, and support application software for health and human services
 organizations. In many cases, our software serves as the foundation for the
 financial, clinical and management processes for our customers, which include
 mental health clinics, substance abuse clinics, psychiatric hospitals, public
 health agencies, and managed care entities. We also market and support
 enterprise-wide public health solutions and vital records software to public
 health agencies. 

Our
 software facilitates key functions, such as patient management, billing,
 scheduling, and electronic medical records, for all modalities of care. We
 sell
 our software products, either on a licensed or a subscription basis. We also
 offer software support and upgrades under maintenance agreements with our
 customers, an arrangement which provides us with a recurring revenue stream.
 We
 currently have in place contracts with more than 1,250 customer organizations
 in
 all 50 states, U.S. territories and several other countries. These contracts
 represent more than 100,000 users and include more than 30 state agencies that
 operate and/or manage multiple facilities. 

The
 ability for government agencies and non-profit organizations to integrate their
 services is becoming more critical as they face requirements to provide a wider
 range of services to more clients, but with less money. Our software, services,
 and industry knowledge are designed to help our customers gain operational
 efficiencies, while at the same time protecting the privacy of sensitive health
 data. As a result, we are seeing increased demand for our software from
 government agencies who are integrating services, and from major systems
 integrators interested in reselling our software as part of their role in
 supporting these agencies. 

The
 cost
 of a new software system for our customers typically ranges from 10,000 to
 100,000 for a single-facility healthcare organization to 250,000 to several
 million dollars for multi-unit care organizations, such as those run by state
 agencies. Government agencies, such as mental health, mental retardation, child
 welfare, addiction, correction and public health facilities, accounted for
 approximately 40 of revenue in 2006, with the remainder coming from private
 hospitals, smaller clinics, group and sole practitioners. 

1 

Netsmart
 also furnishes data center services to providers that do not wish to maintain
 the staff and infrastructure required to manage a direct-bill relationship
 with
 multiple payers for mental health, alcohol and substance abuse services. Data
 Center services include statistical reporting, data entry, electronic billing
 and submission. This business line provides a recurring revenue stream that
 contributes to the recurring revenue base described above. 

We
 also
 offer an Application Service Provider ASP option, which makes our Avatar
 software suite, CareNet, InfoScriber and Netsmart University products available
 either via a secure connection to the Internet or via a virtual private network
 VPN ). The ASP model reduces the upfront capital investment required for
 customers to procure our software and enables customers to deploy our products
 more rapidly and to pay a monthly services-based fee rather than an upfront
 license fee. The ASP model also eliminates the need for customers to continually
 upgrade their hardware systems. In addition, it provides an opportunity for
 us
 to become more integrated with the customer s day-to-day
 operations. 

Recent
 Acquisitions 

On
 August
 1, 2006, we acquired the business of QS Technologies, Inc. QS from
 Intelligent Systems Corporation. They deliver enterprise-wide public health
 solutions and vital records software to 70 public health agencies, including
 nine states. This acquisition expands our product offerings, and enhances our
 ability to offer our customers a wide range of products and services that are
 designed to meet their needs. 

Proposed
 Merger Transaction 

On
 November 18, 2006, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger
 Agreement with NT Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation Buyer and NT
 Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation Merger Sub ), and NT Acquisition,
 Inc., a Delaware corporation Buyer ). Under the terms of the Merger Agreement,
 Merger Sub will be merged with and into Netsmart, the separate corporate
 existence of Merger Sub will cease with Netsmart continuing as the surviving
 corporation. Merger Sub and Buyer are or will be controlled by funds which
 are
 affiliated with Insight Venture Partners Insight and Bessemer Venture
 Partners Bessemer and, together with Insight, the Sponsors ), private equity
 firms. 

At
 the
 effective time of the merger, each outstanding share of common stock of
 Netsmart, other than any shares owned by Merger Sub, its affiliates, Netsmart
 or
 any shareholders who are entitled to and who properly exercise appraisal rights
 under Delaware law, will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive
 16.50 in cash, without interest. Warrant holders and option holders will be
 entitled to receive the difference between the exercise price of such security
 and 16.50 per share in cash. 

FFDOCS1\734055.01 
 A
 special
 meeting of stockholders has been called for Thursday, April 5, 2007 for the
 purpose of considering the Merger Agreement. 

Organization
 of the Company 

We
 are a
 Delaware corporation formed in September 1992 under the name Medical Services
 Corp. Our name was changed to Carte Medical Corporation in October 1993 to
 CSMC
 Corporation in June 1995 and to Netsmart Technologies, Inc. in February 1996.

Our
 executive offices are located at 3500 Sunrise Highway, Suite D-122, Great River,
 New York 11739, telephone (631) 968-2000. Reference to us and to Netsmart
 includes our legal subsidiaries Netsmart New York, Inc., Netsmart Ohio and
 Netsmart Public Health, Inc. Our website is located at www.ntst.com . 

2 

Neither
 the information contained in our website nor the information contained in any
 Internet Web site is a part of this Form 10-K annual report. 

Available
 Information: 

The
 public may read and copy any materials filed by us with the SEC at the SEC s
 public reference room at 450 Fifth Street, NW, Washington D.C., 20549. The
 public may obtain information about the operation of the SEC s public reference
 rooms by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains a website
 at
 http://www.sec.gov 
 that
 contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information about
 issuers such as us that file electronically with the SEC. 

In
 addition, we make available free of charge on our website at www.ntst.com 
 our
 annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports
 on
 Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section
 13(a) or 15(d) under the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practical after
 we
 electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 

Our
 Board
 of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct applicable to the Company s
 officers and employees, and has also adopted a Code of Ethics for its senior
 financial officers. These codes of ethics are posted on the Company s website at
 www.ntst.com in the Investor Relations section. Any amendment of the codes
 of
 ethics or waiver thereof applicable to any director or executive officer of
 the
 Company, including the Chief Executive Officer or any senior financial officer,
 will be disclosed on the Company s website within four business days of the date
 of such amendment or waiver. In the case of a waiver, the nature of the waiver,
 the name of the person to whom the waiver was granted and the date of the waiver
 will also be disclosed. 

The
 Board
 of Directors has also adopted, and we have posted in the Investor Relations
 section of our website, written Charters for each of the Board s standing
 committees. We will provide without charge, upon a stockholder s request to our
 address set forth in the preceding section, a copy of the codes of ethics or
 the
 Charter of any standing committee of the Board. 

Business
 Segments 

For
 a
 detailed description of the assets and profits of each of our business segments
 see note 14 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Software
 and Related Systems and Services - New York 

We
 develop, market and support computer software and provide implementation and
 business services that enable health and human services organizations to access,
 manage and share information related to their financial, clinical and management
 processes. 

Customer
 organizations typically purchase our software in the form of a perpetual license
 to use the system, as well as purchasing professional services, support, and
 maintenance. In addition, we resell third party hardware and software to our
 customers pursuant to value-added reseller agreements with these partners.
 Our
 products are designed to operate on most hardware platforms and on most
 operating systems, including UNIX, Microsoft Windows and Linux. Because our
 products operate on a variety of platforms, we are not dependent on any single
 hardware vendor or operating system. Since our Avatar suite of software products
 utilizes the Cache database and development software provided by Intersystems
 Corporation, we resell Cache software. Since Avatar is designed to operate
 solely with Cache products, we are dependent on Cache products for our
 operations. 

3 

Our
 professional services offerings include project management, implementation,
 training, consulting and software development services, which are provided
 either on a time-and-material or fixed-price contract basis. Our software
 development services may require the adaptation of healthcare information
 technology systems to meet the specific requirements of the
 customer. 

Our
 typical license for a health information system ranges from 10,000 to 100,000
 for a single facility healthcare organization to 250,000 to 5,000,000 for
 multi-unit care organizations such as those run by state agencies. Revenue
 from
 license fees was approximately 2,126,000, or 3.6 of consolidated revenue,
 for
 2006, 2,210,000, or 5.8 of consolidated revenue, for 2005 and 2,066,000,
 or
 7.1 of consolidated revenue, for 2004. A customer s purchase order may also
 include third party hardware or software. Revenue from hardware and third party
 software accounted for approximately 5,433,000, or 9.2 of consolidated
 revenue, for 2006, 5,544,000, or 14.6 of consolidated revenue, for 2005 and
 4,336,000, or 15.0 of consolidated revenue, for 2004. Revenue from turnkey
 systems labor accounted for approximately 10,492,000, or 18.5 of consolidated
 revenue, for 2006, 9,845,000, or 25.9 of consolidated revenue, for 2005 and
 9,602,000, or 33.1 of consolidated revenue in 2004. 

Our
 small
 systems revenue was approximately 1,889,000, or 3.2 of consolidated revenue,
 for 2006, 1,042,000, or 2.7 of consolidated revenue, for 2005 and 928,000,
 or
 3.2 of consolidated revenue, for 2004. 

Maintenance
 services have generated increasing revenue and have become a more significant
 portion of our business, since most purchasers of healthcare information system
 licenses also purchase maintenance service. Maintenance revenue increases as
 existing customers purchase additional licenses and new customers purchase
 their
 initial software licenses. By agreement with our customers, we provide telephone
 help desk support and maintain and upgrade their software. Maintenance contracts
 may require us to make modifications to meet any new federal and state reporting
 requirements that become effective during the term of the maintenance contract.
 We do not maintain the hardware and third party software sold to our customers,
 but we provide a telephone help line service for certain third party software
 which we license to our customers. Our maintenance revenue was approximately
 10,933,000, or 18.5 of consolidated revenue, for 2006, 9,784,000, or 25.8 
 of
 consolidated revenue, for 2005 and 8,290,000, or 28.6 of consolidated revenue,
 for 2004. 

Software
 and Related Systems and Services - Ohio 

As
 with
 Netsmart New York, the Netsmart Ohio operation develops computer software and
 provides implementation and business services that are designed to enable health
 and human services organizations to access, manage and share information related
 to their financial, clinical and management processes. 

The
 Ohio
 segment consists mainly of the operations of the former CMHC Systems, Inc.,
 now
 named Netsmart Ohio. The results of operations from this acquisition are
 included from October 1, 2005 through December 31, 2006. The focus of the Ohio
 segment consists primarily of contracts for turnkey system installations of
 behavioral healthcare information management software for mental health,
 substance abuse, and addiction services agencies, and some developmental
 disability centers and behavioral health-related managed care organizations.
 These turnkey installations are usually completed within a six-month
 period. 

The
 core
 product of the Ohio segment is the CMHC/MIS, a comprehensive billing and
 clinical software product designed for the UNIX operating system. As with the
 Avatar software, customer organizations typically purchase the CMHC/MIS in
 the
 form of a perpetual license to use the system, as well as purchasing
 professional services, support, and maintenance. In addition, Netsmart Ohio
 resells third party hardware, typically in the form of servers used to run
 the
 application. Professional services for installation and implementation of the
 software are provided either on a time-and-material or fixed-price contract
 basis. 

4 

Our
 typical license for a health information system ranges from 10,000 to 100,000
 for a single facility healthcare organization to 250,000 to 500,000 for
 multi-unit care organizations. Revenue from license fees was approximately
 1,814,000, or 3.1 of revenue, for 2006. A customer s purchase order may also
 include third party hardware or software. Revenue from hardware and third party
 software accounted for approximately 1,742,000, or 3.0 of revenue, for 2006.
 Revenue from turnkey systems labor accounted for approximately 2,574,000,
 or
 4.4 of revenue, for 2006. 

Software
 and Related Systems and Services - Public Health 

The
 Public Health segment consists mainly of the operations of the former QS
 Technologies, Inc., now named Netsmart Public Health. The results of operations
 from this acquisition are included from August 1, 2006 through December 31,
 2006. 

This
 segment develops computer software and provides implementation and business
 services designed to enable public health departments to manage programs such
 as
 immunizations, adult health, family planning, STD, AIDS, epidemiology,
 tuberculosis, lab records, and case management. In addition, the segment
 develops software designed to support the management of vital records
 data. 

The
 focus
 of the Public Health segment includes contracts for turnkey system installations
 of public health information management software for state and county public
 health departments. These turnkey installations are usually completed within
 a
 six month period. The Public Health segment also provides contracts for vital
 records solutions with state, county and city vital records
 departments. 

The
 core
 products of the Public Health segment include Insight, a comprehensive public
 health system designed for the Windows operating system; PCMS, an enterprise
 public health system designed for the AS/400 operating system; and QSTVRS,
 a
 vital records management system designed for the Windows operating system.
 Customer organizations typically purchase Insight, PCMS and QSTVRS in the form
 of a perpetual license to use the system, together with professional services,
 support and maintenance. Professional services for installation and
 implementation of the software are provided either on a time-and-materials
 or
 fixed-price contract basis. 

Our
 typical license for a public health information system ranges from 50,000
 to
 500,000 for a county health department and 500,000 to 1,000,000 for state
 wide system. Our typical license for a vital records system ranges from 100,000
 to 500,000 for a city or county vital records department and 500,000 to
 2,000,000 for a complete state vital records system. The acquisition of this
 segment occurred on July 31, 2006 and as a result, revenue from this segment
 is
 included from August 2006 through December 2006. Revenue from license fees
 was
 approximately 858,000, or 1.5 of revenue, for 2006. Revenue from turnkey
 systems labor accounted for approximately 260,000, or .4 of revenue, for
 2006. 

Data
 Center Services 

Our
 Data
 Center provides software that performs clinical and billing services for mental
 health, alcohol and substance abuse outpatient facilities. Services include
 statistical reporting, data entry, electronic billing and
 submission. 

Revenue
 from our Data Center was approximately 1,736,000, or 2.9 of our consolidated
 revenue, for 2006, 1,795,000, or 4.7 of our consolidated revenue, for 2005
 and
 2,058,000, or 7.1 of our consolidated revenue, for 2004. 

In
 2006,
 three customers each accounted for 10 or more of total Data Center revenue.
 One
 customer was a New York State agency, which accounted for 208,000, or 12 
 of
 total Data Center revenue. The other two clients were hospitals in New York
 City, which accounted for 186,000 and 185,000, or 11 and 11 respectively,
 of
 total Data Center revenue. None of the above mentioned clients accounted for
 more than 10 of our consolidated revenue. 

5 

In
 2005,
 three customers each accounted for 10 or more of total Data Center revenue.
 One
 customer was a New York State agency, which accounted for 211,000, or 12 
 of
 total Data Center revenue. The other two clients were hospitals in New York
 City, which accounted for 209,000 and 192,000, or 11.6 and 10.7 ,
 respectively, of total Data Center revenue. None of the above mentioned clients
 accounted for more than 10 of our consolidated revenue. 

In
 2004,
 two customers each accounted for 10 or more of the total Data Center revenue.
 One customer was a New York State agency, which accounted for 207,000, or
 10 
 of total Data Center revenue. The other client was a hospital in New York City,
 which accounted for 216,000, or 10.5 of total Data Center revenue. None of
 the
 above mentioned clients accounted for more than 10 of our consolidated
 revenue. 

Application
 Service Provider 

Our
 ASP
 services make our Avatar software suite, CareNet, Netsmart University and
 InfoScriber products available either via a secure connection to the Internet
 or
 via a virtual private network VPN ). With the ASP option, Netsmart operates
 and maintains the software on behalf of customers on computers in a secure
 data
 center facility in Columbus, Ohio. This enables customers to rapidly deploy
 products and pay on a monthly service basis, thus eliminating capital intensive
 system requirements. Our
 CareNet product is a subscription-based Internet solution for managed care
 organizations that want to exchange data with their providers without having
 to
 maintain their own information technology infrastructure. CareNet furnishes
 a
 private, secure Web-based portal site where providers and their partner agencies
 can log in via the Internet to access client information and complete paperwork
 and necessary reporting on-line. 

The
 InfoScriber product is a secure, Web-based e-prescribing system that enables
 practitioners in public or private practices to write and transmit electronic
 prescriptions to pharmacies of choice. We believe it is the only e-prescribing
 system solely focused on the behavioral healthcare market with its unique
 medications, treatment settings and reporting requirements. 

Revenue
 from ASP services was approximately 3,556,000 for 2006 and 2,538,000 for
 2005,
 or 6 and 7 respectively, of our consolidated revenue.. 

During
 2006, one customer accounted for 797,000, or 22 , of total ASP revenue and
 during 2005, this same customer accounted for 661,000, or 26 , of total ASP
 revenue. This customer did not account for more than 10 of our total
 consolidated revenue in either 2006 or 2005. 

Our
 ASP
 backlog at December 31, 2006 was 3,784,000. We anticipate that all of this
 backlog will be earned in 2007. Our ASP backlog at December 31, 2005 was
 3,011,000. 

Markets 

Our
 target market for information systems and related services consists of both
 private and publicly-operated providers offering hospital or community-based
 outpatient behavioral/public healthcare services, substance abuse, MR/DD and
 social services. These healthcare providers require comprehensive information
 systems to administer their programs. We believe that there are at least 15,000
 healthcare providers that fall in our target markets in the United States,
 including public and private hospitals, private and community-based residential
 facilities, and federal, state and local governmental agencies. 

6 

Many
 long-term behavioral/public healthcare facilities are operated by government
 entities and include those operated as part of entitlement programs. During
 the
 years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, approximately 40 , 44 and 49 ,
 respectively, of our consolidated revenue was generated from contracts with
 state and local government agencies. Contracts with government agencies
 generally include provisions which permit the contracting agency to cancel
 the
 contract for its convenience, although we have not experienced a termination
 for
 convenience in the last five years. 

We
 believe that the demand for information technology solutions will continue
 to
 increase as the result of additional federal data standards and requirements
 for
 information exchange, as well as continuous pressure from managed care providers
 to reduce healthcare delivery costs while expanding the availability of
 services. 

In
 order
 to remain competitive, health and human services delivery networks need
 comprehensive financial, clinical and management systems that enable providers
 within the networks to maintain a broad scope of accurate medical and financial
 information, manage costs and deliver quality care efficiently. In addition,
 the
 need to upgrade existing systems to meet the increased demand for data
 processing needs of managed care and regulatory oversight has also resulted
 in
 an increasing demand for behavioral healthcare information technology. These
 data management needs include analysis of patient assessments, maintenance
 of
 patient records, administration of patient treatment plans and the overall
 coordination of in-office and remote case management. 

In
 addition to our focus on the behavioral healthcare market segment, we also
 serve
 a growing number of public healthcare organizations. Our products are designed
 with functionality to assist this market segment with important considerations
 like maximizing the ability for clinicians to provide care to individual
 patients in high volume patient settings; near real-time analysis of data from
 different systems for disease outbreak investigations and resolution; and
 interoperability with other internal health department databases, including
 environmental health. Our acquisition of QS Technologies in August 2006 has
 increased our focus on the public health market. Since many of the consumers
 of
 services of our clients are some of the poorest Americans, they receive their
 primary care from public health clinics. We believe this is driving the trend
 towards integration and data sharing between these agencies. 

We
 are
 also actively engaged in a number of key industry associations and organizations
 to help us pro-actively address trends and future needs of our customers. In
 addition, there are active Netsmart user group organizations at the state,
 regional and national levels. These user groups provide us with a customer/user
 perspective on emerging requirements and ongoing feedback that helps us
 determine future product direction and requirements. 

Additionally,
 the health and human services market in which we operate is always subject
 to
 changes in state and federal regulations, as well as new demands required by
 consumers. Some factors which we believe are affecting market demand for
 software such as ours include: 

Electronic
 Health Record (EHR). 
 There is
 much discussion at the national level about the implementation of a standardized
 electronic health record. Proponents state that such a record for patients
 could
 enable a virtual healthcare team and a coordinated system of care with
 consistent, streamlined information exchange and transfer of clinical and
 billing data. Exchanging health information through secure means including
 appropriate authorizations from patients/consumers could link information from
 health-related entities with consumers personal health information. This
 connection would be intended to make important data available at the right
 times
 and places to support optimal treatment across a variety of healthcare levels.
 We believe that, despite varying views on the best path for adoption of an
 EHR,
 it will eventually become reality. 

Integrated
 Services . This
 concept, sometimes referred to as no wrong door, is an approach whereby
 consumers seeking assistance from social services agencies receive complete
 and
 comprehensive services, regardless of their point of entry into the system.
 As a
 result, many social service agencies are seeking to implement a technology
 infrastructure that supports integrated services. 

7 

HIPAA. 
 As a
 supplier of practice management, we believe that the Health Insurance
 Portability and Accountability Act, generally known as HIPAA, essentially
 mandates that the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services enact standards
 regarding the standardization, privacy and security of health care information.
 This legislation requires more providers of services in the under-automated
 health and human services industry to install automated systems, creating an
 increased demand for automated software solutions. We believe that our products,
 in conjunction with products offered by other companies with which we have
 a
 marketing arrangement, enable us to offer comprehensive enterprise-wide
 HIPAA-compliant and HIPAA-related business services for most human service
 providers. 

General
 Unrest .
 With
 the creation of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and an increased
 focus
 on anti-terrorism preparedness and response, the demand for services in the
 mental health and public health arena has increased. Anxiety and fear have
 motivated a growing number of people to seek mental health services. This
 increased demand puts more pressure on providers to improve the efficiency
 of
 their care through the use of practice management and clinical systems. We
 believe that the potential threat of bio-terrorism will also put similar
 pressure on public health agencies to improve their delivery capabilities in
 much the same way. We also believe that this focus on preparedness will lead
 to
 more cross-department integration requirements, which play well to our
 strengths. 

We
 are
 positioning our existing products and developing additional products in order
 to
 address these factors. 

No
 single
 customer accounted for more than 10 of consolidated revenue for the years
 ended
 December 31, 2006 and 2005. 

Sales
 and Marketing 

We
 have a
 sales force of 42 people who sell and market our products. In addition, since
 the acquisition of CMHC Systems, we have aligned our go-to-market strategy
 with
 the key vertical markets we serve: State Systems, Integrated Delivery Networks
 (such as hospitals with multiple facilities and behavioral healthcare
 offerings), Community and Public Healthcare, and Methadone Providers. We also
 expanded our direct sales force and aligned them with the vertical markets
 above
 to enable our sales force to develop in-depth knowledge of the unique needs
 of
 each segment. In addition, we established an account management team which
 is
 designed to maintain and grow relationships with our current customers, and
 to
 identify opportunities to sell additional software and services from our present
 product offerings to that current customer base. We also added a dedicated
 business development organization to cultivate large strategic opportunities
 and
 build relationships with the large systems integrators that service these
 organizations. This approach is expected to enable us to leverage our resources
 and to further extend our reach within the markets we serve. 

Backlog 

We
 had a
 backlog of orders, including ongoing maintenance and data center contracts
 for
 our behavioral health information systems, of 58.8 million at December 31,
 2006
 and 44.1 million at December 31, 2005. We expect to fill approximately 51.2
 million of the 2006 backlog during 2007. 

Our
 backlog consists of revenue of approximately 22.0 million from existing turnkey
 contracts; maintenance revenue of approximately 30.3 million that is comprised
 both of amounts expected to be filled under unexpired maintenance contracts
 and
 amounts that are subject to automatic renewal; unexpired Data Center contracts
 of approximately 1.6 million, calculated using historical experience to
 determine future usage; unexpired ASP backlog of approximately 3.8 million;
 and
 facility management contracts of approximately 1.1 million, which are also
 calculated using historical experience to determine twelve months of future
 usage. 

8 

Product
 Development 

We
 incurred product development and maintenance costs relating to our health and
 human services information systems of approximately 6,553,000 in 2006,
 4,547,000 in 2005 and 3,498,000 in 2004, all of which was company-sponsored
 and expensed as research, development and maintenance. In 2006, we acquired
 software with a fair value of approximately 2,306,000 associated with our
 acquisition of QS Technologies, Inc. In 2005, we acquired software with a fair
 value of approximately 3,300,000, 2,051,000 and 692,000 associated with
 our
 acquisitions of CMHC Systems, Inc., AMS and Continued Learning, respectively.
 In
 2005, we also capitalized software development costs of 42,000 relating to
 one
 of our Avatar products. The costs related to this Avatar product are being
 amortized over a three year period and in 2006 we charged 14,000 to operations.
 In 2004, we acquired software with a fair value of approximately 150,000
 associated with our acquisition of TxM software which was related to our
 partnership arrangement with the MSJ Communications Corporation, a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of the Betty Ford Center. In 2004, we capitalized software
 development costs of 185,500 relating to our RAD Plus 2004 products. The costs
 related to the RAD Plus 2004 product are being amortized over a three year
 period and in 2006, we charged 78,400 to operations. 

To
 assure
 that our customers are informed about our latest product plans and deliverables,
 we have developed product roadmaps for our major products. The roadmaps provide
 details about anticipated future product releases (both version and
 maintenance along with estimated dates and timeframes. The product roadmaps
 are intended to enable our customers to effectively plan and budget for future
 use of our products and related services. 

Competition
 and Competitive Position 

The
 multi-billion dollar healthcare software industry is highly competitive, and
 is
 served by numerous vendors. Although we believe that we can provide healthcare
 facilities and managed care organizations with software to enable them to
 perform their services more effectively than our competitors, other software
 companies provide comparable systems and also have the staff and resources
 to
 develop competitive systems. We believe that we compete effectively with such
 vendors based on product functionality, product reliability and
 price. 

Some
 dominant health care information technology vendors have achieved annual sales
 of more than 1 billion by focusing on solutions for large medical/surgical
 healthcare providers. As such, their target market has been large hospital
 systems and health maintenance organizations, and they have not focused on
 the
 behavioral/public healthcare industry. We believe that most of the presently
 available healthcare management software does not meet the specific needs of
 the
 behavioral/public healthcare industry, and that the functionality of our
 information systems is better designed to meet the needs of this market.
 However, the behavioral health information systems business is serviced by
 a
 number of companies, some of which are better capitalized with larger
 infrastructures than Netsmart, and we may not be able to continue to compete
 effectively with such companies. As our business expands and includes sales
 to
 larger, integrated healthcare delivery networks, we begin to compete with
 companies such as Siemens, HBOC, IDX, Meditech, Quadramed, and
 Misys. 

Additionally,
 we face significant competition in the clearinghouse, medical systems and ASP
 markets. General ASP utilities offer customers the use of computer facilities
 and operations staff to process either generalized medical software or software
 selected by the customer from other software vendors. Many organizations start
 with billing as their primary reason for automation-related spending. Large
 billing and clearinghouse computer service companies provide a broad spectrum
 of
 billing services for a diverse marketplace. In addition, some professional
 service firms provide staff to operate a customer s in-house system when the
 customer believes that such an approach will provide the needed expertise at
 a
 cost-effective price. 

9 

Our
 ASP
 offering is focused on a specific subset of the large health and human services
 marketplace. Because behavioral healthcare requires the ideal organization
 of
 software, systems and staff to enable a customer to maximize service at a
 reasonable cost, we believe our specialized experience and investment in related
 software provides us with a competitive advantage. In addition, our ASP service
 is based on use of our proprietary suite of Avatar products. This enables our
 customers to use any or all components of a broad array of clinical and
 financial systems for as long as these functions are needed. In addition, our
 experience has shown that once a customer has contracted with us for software
 and services, they generally remain our customer and seldom move away from
 us to
 a competitive offering. In fact, some of our customers have been working with
 us
 for 30 years. 

We
 compete with the following behavioral healthcare vendors, among
 others: 

Anasazi
 Software, Inc. 

 Askesis
 Development Group, Inc. 

 Civerex
 Systems, Inc. 

 InfoMC,
 Inc. 

 IMPEL
 Strategic Solutions 

 Multi-Health
 Systems, Inc. 

 Qualifacts
 System Inc. 

 Raintree
 Systems Inc. 

 SecureHEALTH
 Inc. 

 Sequest
 Technologies Inc. 

 The
 Echo
 Group 

 UNI/CARE
 Systems, Inc. 

 XAKTsoft,
 Inc. 

As
 a core
 part of our business model and growth strategy, we bid on numerous competitive
 procurements during the calendar year, and have a high win ratio, especially
 in
 the statewide mental health/mental retardation field, where we provide 33
 statewide systems. 

We
 have
 an established base of more than 1,200 providers nationwide, including
 substantial private and government providers of healthcare services. These
 providers represent approximately 50,000 clinicians, and include 33 state
 agencies and installations in all 50 states and several foreign
 countries. 

Government
 Regulations and Contracts 

The
 federal government and state governments have adopted numerous regulations
 affecting the healthcare industry, including those relating to payments to
 healthcare providers for various services. The adoption of new regulations
 can
 have a significant effect upon the revenue stream and operations of healthcare
 providers and insurance companies. Our solutions are designed to help our
 customers meet a variety of regulations and payment requirements, mitigating
 some of the problems resulting from government regulations. With
 constantly-changing regulations and efforts to reduce the cost of healthcare,
 we
 cannot predict the effect of future regulations by governments and payment
 practices by government agencies or health insurers, including reductions in
 the
 funding for or scope of entitlement programs. Any change in the structure of
 healthcare in the United States can have a material effect on companies that
 provide services to the healthcare industry, including those such as us that
 provide software. 

Although
 we believe that the likely direction which may result from the current study
 of
 the healthcare industry would be an increased trend toward managed care
 programs, thereby increasing the importance of automation, our business may
 not
 benefit from any changes in the industry structure. Even if the industry does
 evolve toward more healthcare being provided by managed care organizations,
 it
 is possible that there will be substantial concentration in a few very large
 organizations, which may seek to develop their own software or obtain software
 from other sources. Our business may be adversely affected to the extent that
 the healthcare industry evolves with greater government-sponsored programs
 and
 fewer privately-run organizations. Furthermore, to the extent that each state
 changes its own regulations in the healthcare field, it may be necessary for
 us
 to modify our behavioral health information systems to meet new record-keeping
 or other requirements imposed by changes in regulations, and we may not be
 able
 to generate revenues sufficient to cover the costs of developing the
 modifications. 

10 

A
 significant amount of our business has been with government agencies, including
 specialized care facilities operated by, or under contract with, government
 agencies. The decision on the part of a government agency to enter into a
 contract is dependent upon a number of factors, including local economic and
 budgetary problems, and government procurement regulations, which may include
 the need for approval by more than one agency before a contract is signed.
 In
 addition, government agencies generally include provisions in their contracts
 which permit the contracting agency to cancel the contract at its convenience.
 We have not experienced a termination for convenience in the last five
 years. 

The
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and rules promulgated there under by the SEC and
 the
 Nasdaq Stock Market have imposed substantial new or enhanced regulations and
 disclosure requirements in the areas of corporate governance (including director
 independence, director selection and audit, corporate governance and
 compensation committee responsibilities), equity compensation plans, auditor
 independence, pre-approval of auditor fees and services and disclosure and
 internal control procedures. We are committed to industry best practices in
 these areas and believe we are in compliance with the relevant rules and
 regulations. 

Intellectual
 Property Rights 

We
 have
 no patent rights for our behavioral health information system software, but
 we
 rely upon copyright protection for our software, as well as non-disclosure
 and
 secrecy agreements with our employees and third parties to whom we disclose
 information. We may not be able to protect our proprietary rights to our system,
 and third parties may claim rights to our system. The disclosure of the codes
 used in any proprietary product, whether or not in violation of a non-disclosure
 agreement, could have a material adverse effect upon us, even if we are
 successful in obtaining injunctive relief. We must continue to invest in product
 development, employee training, and customer support. 

Employees 

As
 of
 December 31, 2006, we had 337 employees, including 6 executives, 42 sales and
 marketing, 247 technical and 42 clerical and administrative employees.

Executive
 Officers 

Information
 concerning our executive officers is included in Item 10, Directors and
 Executive Officers of the Registrant. 

Item
 1A. Risk
 Factors. 

In
 the
 event that we are unable to successfully complete the currently proposed merger,
 our stock price is likely to decline. 

On
 November 18, 2006, we entered into the Merger Agreement. In the event that
 our
 stockholders approve the merger pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement,
 Netsmart will cease to be a public company. There is no guaranty that the
 stockholders will approve the Merger Agreement. Following the execution of
 the
 Merger Agreement, our stock price began trading at approximately 16.25, 0.25
 less than the price proposed to be paid upon consummation of the merger. In
 the
 event that our stockholders fail to approve the Merger Agreement, our stock
 price is likely to decline. 

11 

In
 addition, Netsmart will still be responsible for the cost incurred by it in
 connection with the merger, which are currently estimated to be approximately
 2.2 million. The costs will adversely effect Netsmart s results of operations
 which may result in a decline in the market price of our common
 stock. 

There
 are certain material weaknesses in Netsmart s internal control over financial
 reporting that could affect the accuracy and/or timing of future regulatory
 filings. 

As
 of
 December 31, 2006, Netsmart s management concluded that there were certain
 material weakness relating to its calculation of earnings per share, its
 calculation of its income tax accrual and the ability to ensure that its
 disclosures in its regulatory filings under the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, as amended Exchange Act are prepared in accordance with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States. Until remediated, these
 weaknesses could affect the accuracy and/or timing of future filings with the
 SEC and other regulatory authorities. See also Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
 - Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures and Management s Report on
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 

Because
 we are particularly dependent upon government contracts, any decrease in funding
 for entitlement programs could result in decreased revenue. 

We
 market
 our health information systems principally to behavioral health facilities,
 many
 of which are operated by state and local government entities and include
 entitlement programs. During 2006, 2005 and 2004, we generated 40 , 44 and
 49 ,
 respectively, of our revenue from contracts that are directly or indirectly
 with
 government agencies. Government agencies generally have the right to cancel
 certain contracts at their convenience. Our ability to generate business from
 government agencies is affected by funding for entitlement programs, and our
 revenue would decline if state agencies reduce this funding. 

Changes
 in government regulation of the health care industry may adversely affect our
 revenue, operating expenses and profitability. 

Our
 business is based on providing systems for behavioral and public health
 organizations in both the public and private sectors. The federal and state
 governments have adopted numerous regulations relating to the health care
 industry, including regulations relating to payments to health care providers
 for various services, and our systems are designed to provide information based
 on these requirements. The adoption of new regulations can have a significant
 effect upon the operations of health care providers, particularly those operated
 by state agencies. Furthermore, changes in regulations in the health care field
 may force us to modify our health information systems to meet any new
 record-keeping or other requirements and may impose added costs on our business.
 If that happens, we may not be able to generate revenues sufficient to cover
 the
 costs of developing the modifications. In addition, any failure of our systems
 to comply with new or amended regulations could result in reductions in our
 revenue and profitability. 

If
 we
 are not able to take advantage of technological advances, we may not be able
 to
 remain competitive and our revenue may decline. 

Our
 customers require software which enables them to store, retrieve and process
 very large quantities of data and provides them with instantaneous
 communications among the various data bases. Our business requires us to take
 advantage of recent advances in software, computer and communications
 technology. This technology has been developing at rapid rates in recent years,
 and our future may be dependent upon our ability to use and develop or obtain
 rights to products utilizing such technology. New technology may develop in
 a
 manner which may make our software obsolete. Our inability to use or develop
 new
 technology would have a significant adverse effect upon our
 business. 

We
 may
 have difficulty competing with larger companies that offer similar services,
 which may result in decreased revenue. 

12 

Our
 customers in the human services market include entitlement programs, managed
 care organizations and specialty care facilities which have a need for access
 to
 information over a distributed data network. Each of the software industry,
 in
 general, and the health information software business in particular, is highly
 competitive. Other companies have the staff and resources to develop competitive
 systems. We may not be able to compete successfully with such competitors.
 The
 health information systems business is served by a number of major companies
 and
 a larger number of smaller companies. We believe that price competition is
 a
 significant factor in our ability to market our health information systems
 and
 services, and our inability to offer competitive pricing may impair our ability
 to market our systems and services. 

If
 we
 are unable to protect our intellectual property, our competitors may gain access
 to our technology, which could harm our ability to successfully compete in
 our
 market. 

We
 have
 no patent protection for our proprietary software. We rely on copyright
 protection for our software and non-disclosure and secrecy agreements with
 employees and third parties to whom we disclose information. This protection
 does not prevent our competitors from independently developing products similar
 or superior to our products and technologies. To further develop our services
 or
 products, we may need to acquire licenses for intellectual property. These
 licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.
 Our
 failure to protect our proprietary technology or to obtain appropriate licenses
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or
 financial condition. Since our business is dependent upon our proprietary
 products, the unauthorized use or disclosure of this information could harm
 our
 business. 

We
 cannot
 guarantee that in the future, third parties will not claim that we infringed
 their intellectual property. Asserting our rights or defending against third
 party claims could involve substantial costs and diversion of resources, which
 could materially and adversely affect our financial condition. 

Government
 programs may suggest or mandate initiatives that could impact our ability to
 sell our products, resulting in decreased revenue. 

A
 major
 initiative being pushed by President Bush and the Department of Health and
 Human
 Services is the National Electronic Health Record. The federal government is
 promoting this platform and technology which is based on supplying freeware to
 any agency who desires; however, support is not supplied. This initiative
 competes with the private for profit Health Information Systems vendor community
 and could adversely affect our ability to sell our products, resulting in
 decreased revenue. 

The
 covenants in our loan agreements restrict our financial and operational
 flexibility, including our ability to complete additional acquisitions, invest
 in new business opportunities, pay down certain indebtedness or declare
 dividends. 

Our
 term
 loan agreements contain covenants that restrict, among other things, our ability
 to borrow money, make particular types of investments, including investments
 in
 our subsidiaries, make other restricted payments, swap or sell assets, merge
 or
 consolidate, or make acquisitions. An event of default under our loan agreement
 could allow our lender to declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately
 due
 and payable. We have pledged substantially all of our consolidated assets to
 secure the debt under our loan agreement. If the amounts outstanding under
 the
 loan agreements were accelerated, the lender could proceed against those
 consolidated assets. Any event of default, therefore, could have a material
 adverse effect on our business. The loan agreements also require us to maintain
 specified financial ratios. Our ability to meet these financial ratios can
 be
 affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot assure you that we will
 continue to meet those ratios. We also may incur future debt obligations that
 might subject us to restrictive covenants that could affect our financial and
 operational flexibility or subject us to other events of default. 

13 

As
 a
 result of the costs related to the proposed merger transaction, we were in
 violation of one of the financial covenants in our loan agreement. Consequently,
 we were forced to obtain a waiver from the lenders of that covenant in order
 to
 prevent an event of default under our loan agreement. There is no assurance
 that
 the lender will provide such a waiver in future fiscal periods. 

We
 have
 only paid one cash dividend after getting our lender s consent and we do not
 anticipate paying any further cash dividends on our common stock in the
 foreseeable future. We presently intend to retain future earnings, if any,
 in
 order to provide funds for use in the operation and expansion of our business.
 Consequently, investors cannot rely on the payment of dividends to increase
 the
 value of their investment in us. In addition, our loan agreements prohibit
 us
 from paying cash dividends without the prior consent of the lender. 

Our
 growth may be limited if we cannot make acquisitions. 

A
 part of
 our business strategy is to acquire other businesses that are related to our
 current business. These acquisitions may be made with cash or securities or
 a
 combination of cash and securities. To the extent that we require cash, we
 may
 have to borrow the funds or issue equity, which could dilute our earnings or
 the
 book value per share of our common stock. Our stock price may adversely affect
 our ability to make acquisitions for equity or to raise funds for acquisitions
 through the issuance of equity securities. If we fail to make any acquisitions,
 our future growth may be limited. As of the date hereof, we do not have any
 agreement or understanding, either formal or informal, as to any
 acquisition. 

We
 may
 be unable to effectively integrate any future acquisitions, which may disrupt
 or
 have a negative impact on our business. 

A
 part of
 our business strategy is to make acquisitions of businesses related to our
 current business. We may have difficulty integrating the personnel and
 operations of such business with our own. In addition, the key personnel of
 any
 acquired business may not be willing to work for us, and its officers may
 exercise their rights to terminate their employment with us. We cannot predict
 the effect expansion may have on our core business. Regardless of whether we
 are
 successful in making an acquisition, the negotiations could disrupt our ongoing
 business, distract our management and employees and increase our
 expenses. 

Because
 we are dependent on our management, the loss of key executive officers could
 disrupt our business and our financial performance could
 suffer. 

Our
 business is largely dependent upon our senior executive officers, Messrs. James
 L. Conway, our chief executive officer and Anthony F. Grisanti, our chief
 financial officer. Although we have employment agreements with these officers,
 the employment agreements do not guarantee that those officers will continue
 as
 our employees, and each of those officers has the right to terminate his
 employment on 90 days notice. Our agreements with Messrs. Conway and Grisanti
 are scheduled to expire on December 31, 2007. In connection with the proposed
 merger transaction, we entered into new employment agreements with Messrs.
 Conway and Grisanti; however, these agreements will not take effect unless
 the
 merger transaction is consummated. Our business may be adversely affected if
 any
 key management personnel or other key employees left our employ. 

14 

Any
 issuance of preferred stock may adversely effect the voting power and equity
 interest of our common stock. 

Our
 certificate of incorporation gives our board of directors the right to create
 new series of preferred stock. As a result, the board of directors may, without
 stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting, dividend, conversion,
 liquidation or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power and
 equity interest of the holders of our common stock. The preferred stock, which
 could be issued with the right to more than one vote per share, could be
 utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change of
 control. The possible impact on takeover attempts could adversely affect the
 price of our common stock. Although we have no present intention to issue any
 shares of preferred stock or to create any series of preferred stock, we may
 issue such shares in the future. If we issue preferred stock in a manner which
 dilutes the voting rights of the holders of our common stock, our listing on
 The
 Nasdaq Capital Market may be impaired. 

Item
 1B. Unresolved
 SEC Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
 2. Property. 

We
 lease
 office space at the following locations: 

Location 

Purpose 

Space 

Annual
 Rental 

Expiration 

3500
 Sunrise Highway 

 Great
 River, New York 

Executive
 offices 

 Software
 and Related Systems and Services - NY 

 Data
 Center Services 

32,600
 square feet 

552,000,
 plus 3 annual increases 

10/22/14 

570
 Metro Place North 

 Dublin,
 Ohio 

Software
 Related Systems and Services - OH 

32,000
 square feet 

377,172 

09/30/2010 

5120
 Shoreham Place 

 San
 Diego, California 

Software
 and Related Systems and Services - NY 

2,800
 square feet 

75,000 

08/31/08 

117
 North 1 st 
 Street 

 Ann
 Arbor, Michigan 

ASP
 Services 

2,200
 square feet 

49,000 

01/31/07 

146
 Second Street North 

 St.
 Petersburg, Florida 

ASP
 Services 

2,000
 square feet 

29,000 

03/31/08 

37
 Villa Road 

 Greenville,
 South Carolina 

Public
 Health 

 Software
 and Related Systems and Services 

5,761
 square feet 

81,000 

02/23/11 

69-730
 Highway 11 

 Rancho
 Mirage, CA 

Software
 and Related Systems and Services - NY 

1,400
 square feet 

15 

We
 believe that our space is adequate for our immediate needs and that, if
 additional space is required, whether due to the scheduled expiration of a
 lease
 or otherwise, it would be readily available at commercially reasonable
 rates. 

Note:
 In
 2007,
 the Company negotiated an additional 8,553 square feet at its Great River
 facility at an annual rental of 149,678 with a lease expiration of 10/22/14.
 The Company expects to occupy that space in early 2007. 

Month
 to month rental 

This
 lease provides for an early termination option by the Company in
 December 2009. 

Item
 3. 
 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 

On
 November 21, 2006, a class action complaint entitled Levy
 Investments, LTD. v. Netsmart Technologies, Inc .,
 et
 al., Civil Action No. 2566-N, was filed against Netsmart, its directors, Buyer
 and Merger Sub in the Delaware Court of Chancery, New Castle County. On November
 21, 2006, a class action complaint entitled Superior
 Partners v. James L. Conway, et al .,
 Civil
 Action No. 2563-N, was filed against Netsmart, its directors, Kevin Scalia,
 Alan
 B. Tillinghast, Buyer and Merger Sub in the Delaware Court of Chancery, New
 Castle County. On November 21, 2006, a class action complaint entitled
 Joe
 B. Ingram v. Netsmart Technologies, Inc .,
 et
 al., Index No. 06-32611, was filed against Netsmart and its directors in the
 Supreme Court of New York, Suffolk County. On November 22, 2006, a class action
 complaint entitled Mark
 Anthony v. Netsmart Technologies, Inc., et al .,
 Index
 No. 06-32720, was filed against Netsmart, its directors, Alan B. Tillinghast,
 Kevin Scalia, Insight and Bessemer in the Supreme Court of New York, Suffolk
 County. On December 1, 2006, a class action complaint entitled Jon
 Landon v. Francis J. Calcagno et al .,
 Civil
 Action No. 2586-N, was filed against Netsmart, its directors, Buyer, Merger
 Sub
 and NT Investor Holdings, Inc. Parent in the Delaware Court of Chancery, New
 Castle County. On December 12, 2006, a class action complaint entitled
 Leviticus
 Partners, L.P. v. James L. Conway, et al .,
 Civil
 Action No. 2597-N,was filed against Netsmart, its directors, Buyer, Merger
 Sub,
 Insight and Bessemer in the Delaware Court of Chancery, New Castle County.
 The
 complaints allege, among other things, that each of the directors of Netsmart
 individually breached the fiduciary duties owing to the Netsmart stockholders
 by
 voting to approve the Merger Agreement, thereby enabling management to benefit
 to the detriment of the stockholders. Each of the complaints seeks, among other
 relief, the court s designation of class action status, an injunction preventing
 the consummation of the merger and, in the event of consummation of the merger,
 rescission and damages. In Mark
 Anthony v. Netsmart Technologies, Inc., et al .,
 on
 December 6, 2006, the plaintiff moved for approval of voluntary discontinuance
 of the action. The motion was granted by order signed on January 4, 2007. On
 December 11, 2006, the Delaware Court of Chancery entered an order on consent
 consolidating the three actions filed in that court as of that date. On December
 14, 2006, the plaintiff in Leviticus
 Partners, L.P. v. James L. Conway, et al .
 filed a
 motion for consolidation and for reconsideration of the order entered December
 11, 2006, in the Delaware Court of Chancery. On December 18, 2006, the plaintiff
 in Leviticus
 Partners, L.P. v. James L. Conway, et. al. filed
 a
 notice of withdrawal of its motion for consolidation and reconsideration of
 the
 December 11, 2006 order and represented to the court its intent to file suit
 in
 Suffolk County, New York. By letter to the court dated December 19, 2006, the
 defendants requested the court to decline to enter the proposed order granting
 the notice of dismissal. On December 20, 2006, Vice Chancellor Leo E. Strine,
 Jr. of the Delaware Court of Chancery denied the plaintiff s request to enter an
 order dismissing the action. On January 5, 2007, the plaintiffs in the
 consolidated Delaware action filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint,
 inter
 alia ,
 adding
 certain nondisclosure claims based on Netsmart s preliminary proxy statement. On
 January 10, 2007, the plaintiff in Joe
 B. Ingram v. Netsmart et al .
 filed a
 First Amended Class Action Complaint adding certain nondisclosure claims based
 on Netsmart s preliminary proxy statement and naming as additional defendants
 Insight, Bessemer, Kevin Scalia and Alan B. Tillinghast. On January 12, 2007,
 the defendants in Joe
 B. Ingram v Netsmart et al .
 moved
 to dismiss the action in favor of the substantially identical actions pending
 in
 Delaware. By order dated February 6, 2007, the court granted the defendants
 motion and dismissed the Suffolk County action. On January 16, 2007, the
 Delaware Court of Chancery entered, on consent, an Amended Order of
 Consolidation consolidating Leviticus
 Partners, L.P. v James L. Conway, et al .
 with
 the three previously consolidated Delaware actions. On January 25, 2007,
 plaintiffs in the consolidated Delaware action filed (1) a motion for expedited
 discovery; and (2) a notice of intent to file a motion for a preliminary
 injunction. On January 26, 2007, Vice Chancellor Leo E. Strine, Jr. conducted
 a
 telephonic conference in the consolidated Delaware action. During this
 telephonic conference, Vice Chancellor Strine ordered that discovery was to
 be
 expedited and ordered defendants to produce, by no later than February 2, 2007,
 documents in response to plaintiffs request for production of documents, and
 that depositions of the witnesses be completed by no later than February 11,
 2007. Vice Chancellor Strine also held a hearing for Plaintiff s Motion for a
 Preliminary Injunction on February 27, 2007. On March 14, 2007, the Court of
 Chancery issued a decision permitting a stockholder vote on the merger to be
 held after Netsmart makes supplemental disclosures consisting of certain
 financial projections and the text of the Court s decision. The board of
 directors unanimously believes that the actions are without merit, and intends
 for Netsmart and the directors to defend vigorously against them. 

16 

From
 time
 to time we are also involved in ordinary and routine litigation matters in
 the
 normal course of business. We believe that the resolution of these matters
 will
 not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position and
 results of operations. 

Item
 4. 
 
 Submission
 of Matters to a Vote of Security
 Holders. 

On
 December 7, 2006 we held our 2006 annual meeting of stockholders. 

The
 following individuals were elected as directors: 

Name 

Votes
 For 

Withheld 

James
 L. Conway 

5,519,325 

414,004 

Kevin
 Scalia 

5,314,412 

618,917 

Alan
 Tillinghast 

5,519,325 

414,004 

Joseph
 G. Sicinski 

5,294,192 

639,137 

Francis
 Calcagno 

5,287,492 

645,837 

John
 S.T. Gallagher 

5,296,692 

636,637 

Yacov
 Shamash 

5,250,287 

683,042 

The
 following proposals were approved as follows: 

Votes
 For 

Votes
 Against 

Abstain 

Broker
 Non Votes 

Proposal
 to increase the number 

of
 shares available under the Company s 

2001
 Long-Term Incentive Plan 

3,220,677 

1,075,526 

208,593 

1,428,533 

Approval
 of amendments to the 2001 

Long
 Term Incentive Plan 

3,313,965 

981,138 

209,693 

1,428,533 

Approval
 of the selection of 

Marcum
 Kliegman LLP as the 

Company s
 independent certified 

Accountants
 for 2006 

5,891,821 

5,194 

36,314 

17 

Part
 II 

Item
 5. 
 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
 Purchases of Equity
 Securities. 

(a)
 Our
 common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol NTST.
 Set
 forth below is the reported high and low sales prices of our common stock for
 each quarterly period during 2006 and 2005. 

Quarter
 Ended 

High 

Low 

March
 31, 2006 

13.86 

10.48 

June
 30, 2006 

14.60 

12.03 

September
 30, 2006 

15.05 

11.75 

December
 31, 2006 

16.32 

12.36 

March
 31, 2005 

10.27 

8.28 

June
 30, 2005 

9.74 

8.50 

September
 30, 2005 

12.50 

8.94 

December
 31, 2005 

15.00 

12.17 

As
 of
 March 15, 2007, there were approximately 860 beneficial owners of our common
 stock. The closing price of our common stock was 16.35 per share on March
 15,
 2007. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up,
 mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

We
 do not
 anticipate that we will pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We
 currently intend to retain future earnings for use in operation and development
 of our business and for potential acquisitions. In addition, the terms of our
 term loan agreement require our lender s consent with respect to the payment of
 cash dividends. 

The
 information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K is located under Item 12.
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
 Stockholder Matters . 

(b)
 During the year ended December 31, 2006, no purchases were made under the
 Company s stock buyback plan. 

18 

Item
 6. 

Selected
 Financial
 Data. 

The
 selected consolidated financial data set forth below for the five years in
 the
 period ended December 31, 2006 has been derived from the company s audited
 Consolidated Financial Statements. This information should be read in
 conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements and notes
 thereto. 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2006 1 )(5) 

2005 1 

2004 

2003 

2002 

(in
 thousands except per share data) 

Selected
 Statements 

of
 Income Data: 

Revenue 

59,050 

37,978 

29,005 

27,175 

22,126 

Income
 from Operations 

before
 interest, other financing 

costs
 and income tax 

4,139 

2,556 

3,065 

2,368 

1,095 

Net
 Income 

1,853 

1,590 

2,7532 

3,0283 

1,1954 

Dividends
 Declared 

Per
 Common Share 

-- 

-- 

-- 

.10 

-- 

Per
 Share Data - Diluted: 

Net
 Income 

.27 

.27 

.50 

.64 

.29 

Weighted
 average number 

of
 shares outstanding 

6,748 

5,935 

5,537 

4,752 

4,153 

Selected
 Balance 

Sheet
 Data: 

Working
 Capital 

3,758 

4,043 

18,216 

14,714 

9,215 

Total
 Assets 

70,525 

64,622 

37,707 

34,633 

22,416 

Long
 Term Debt 

Including
 Current Portion 

3,209 

2,750 

1,000 

1,667 

1,750 

Capitalized
 Leases Including 

Current
 Portion 

10 

71 

86 

147 

12 

Stock
 dividend 

-- 

-- 

-- 

441 

-- 

Total
 Liabilities 

31,753 

28,336 

13,080 

13,633 

11,110 

(Accumulated
 Deficit) 

(151 

(2,004 

(3,594 

(6,347 

(9,376 

Stockholders 
 Equity 

38,771 

36,286 

24,627 

21,000 

11,306 

1 In
 2006,
 the Company completed one acquisition. In 2005, the Company completed three
 acquisitions (see note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 

2 The
 Company s tax provision has been reduced as a result of a 1,014,000 reduction
 in its deferred tax asset valuation allowance. 

3 The
 Company s tax provision has been reduced as a result of available net operating
 loss carry forwards. In addition, a 900,000 tax benefit was recognized, as
 a
 result of a further reduction in its deferred tax asset valuation
 allowance. 

4 The
 Company s tax provision has been reduced as a result of available net operating
 loss carry forwards. In addition, a 400,000 tax benefit was recognized, as
 a
 result of a further reduction in its deferred tax asset valuation
 allowance . 

5 The
 Company recognized 1,581,000 of costs associated with the proposed merger
 transaction in the fourth quarter of 2006. These costs were not deductible
 for
 tax purposes. 

19 

Item
 7. 
 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations. 

Overview 

Our
 operations are grouped into five segments: 

Software
 and Related Systems and Services - New
 York 

Software
 and Related Systems and Services -
 Ohio 

Software
 and Related Systems and Services - Public
 Health 

Data
 Center Services (service bureau
 services) 

Application
 Service Provider Services ASP 

Software
 and Related Systems and Services is the design, installation, implementation
 and
 maintenance of computer information systems that provide comprehensive
 healthcare information technology solutions, including billing, patient tracking
 and scheduling for inpatient and outpatient environments, as well as clinical
 documentation and medical record generation and management. We perform these
 services in each of the New York, Public Health and Ohio segments. Within these
 segments, we recognize revenue based on the nature of the products and services
 sold, for example, a turnkey system, a consulting contract or a maintenance
 contract. Turnkey revenue includes turnkey systems labor revenue, third party
 hardware and software revenue, license revenue and sales from our small turnkey
 division. We further classify our revenue into large turnkey and small turnkey
 components. The large turnkey components consist mostly of our Avatar suite
 of
 products. When we are engaged in fixed price arrangements for large turnkey
 systems, the installations will usually extend over a six-month to a multi-year
 time period. The duration of the implementation depends on the size and
 complexity of the customer organization and the specifics of the implementation.
 Installations of small turnkey components are usually completed within a
 six-month period. Small turnkey contracts performed in the New York segment
 are
 mostly related to our Avatar methadone related products. The small turnkey
 contracts in the Ohio segment are for system installations for behavioral
 healthcare information management software for mental health, substance abuse,
 and addiction services agencies, developmental disability centers and behavioral
 health-related managed care organizations. The Software and Related Systems
 and
 Services - Ohio segment was established as a result of the acquisition of
 Netsmart Ohio, formerly CMHC Systems, Inc CMHC ). This acquisition occurred on
 September 28, 2005 and consequently operations from this acquisition are
 included in the results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2006,
 but
 are not included in the entire comparable period for 2005. The small turnkey
 contracts in the Public Health segment are for system installations for a
 comprehensive set of public health and vital records solutions for public health
 agencies of all sizes. The Software and Related Systems and Services - Public
 Health segment is a new segment established as a result of the acquisition
 of
 the business of QS Technologies, Inc. QS by Netsmart s Public Health
 subsidiary. This acquisition occurred in August 2006 and consequently operations
 from this acquisition are included in the results of operations for the five
 months ended December 31, 2006 but are not included in the comparable period
 for
 2005. Data Center Services involves our personnel performing data entry and
 data
 processing services for customers. Application Service Provider Services
 involves the offering of our Avatar suite of products, our CareNet products,
 our
 InfoScribeR products and our Netsmart University products on a virtual private
 network or through an internet delivery approach, thereby allowing our customers
 to deploy products and pay on a monthly service basis, thus eliminating capital
 intensive system requirements for such services. 

20 

On
 April
 28, 2005, we acquired substantially all of the assets, including computer
 software, customer lists and computer equipment, of Continued Learning CL ), a
 company that offered a comprehensive family of web-based training products
 and
 services, including its Learning Management System. The total purchase price,
 including acquisition costs and recognition of an additional payment, was
 739,238 which consisted of cash of 252,917, which was paid out of existing
 working capital including legal fees of 18,632, and broker fees of 10,000,
 20,000 shares of our common stock valued at 191,400, assumed liabilities of
 44,921 and an accrual for a probable additional payment of 250,000. The
 purchase agreement provides for an additional payment of up to 250,000 if
 certain revenue targets are met in year one. Based upon the attainment of those
 revenue targets as of December 31, 2005, we recognized the full 250,000 of
 this
 additional payment at December 31, 2005, which amount was paid in 2006. We
 also
 entered into a two year employment agreement at an annual salary of 100,000
 per
 year with the principal of CL, whereby the principal can receive an additional
 300,000 in cash, to be accounted for as compensation expense, if certain
 revenue targets are met within a two-year period. As of December 31, 2006,
 certain revenue targets have been met and additional compensation expense in
 the
 amount of 100,000 has been recognized and paid. 

On
 June
 20, 2005, we acquired the assets of Addiction Management Systems, Inc AMS ).
 The total purchase price, including acquisition costs, was 3,610,682, which
 consisted of cash of 2,641,945 plus legal fees of 19,904 and assumed
 liabilities for services to be provided of 948,833. 

On
 September 28, 2005, we acquired 100 of the equity interest in CMHC, a company
 that offers a full suite of behavioral healthcare information management
 software for mental health, substance abuse, and addiction services agencies,
 developmental disability centers, and behavioral health-related managed care
 organizations. The purchase price totaled approximately 19,565,956, as follows:
 12,994,758 in cash, 435,735 shares of our common stock (valued at 4,915,091),
 acquisition costs of 864,083, plus additional cash consideration estimated
 at
 792,024 as required by the working capital adjustment . We had accrued
 792,024 as the working capital adjustment which was calculated in accordance
 with the merger agreement. This calculation was subject to adjustment; during
 2006 the working capital adjustment was finalized in the amount of 524,935,
 which amount was paid. The difference of 267,089 was reflected as a reduction
 in goodwill and accrued expenses. Additionally during 2006, we evaluated the
 assets and liabilities acquired from CMHC and increased deferred revenue by
 151,218 and accrued expenses by 342,766, which was partially offset by an
 increase in deferred tax asset of 355,000, resulting in a net increase to
 goodwill of 138,984. In addition, we booked a deferred tax liability in the
 amount of 3,843,000 relating to the non-deductible nature of certain acquired
 intangible assets, which liability will be amortized in future
 periods. 

On
 August
 1, 2006, we acquired certain assets, including computer software, customer
 lists
 and computer equipment of QS Technologies, Inc. QS ). The purchase price
 totaled approximately 5,466,000 as follows: an initial payment of 1,900,000
 in
 cash and a three year 1,435,000 promissory note paid monthly, at an annual
 rate
 of 8.25 , together with the assumption of approximately 2,095,000 in net
 liabilities, consisting principally of deferred revenue, and acquisition costs
 of approximately 36,000. The transaction also provides for potential additional
 payments to the seller of up to 1,450,000 in 2008, contingent upon the
 attainment of performance milestones by the QS business through 2007. The
 milestones relate to the attainment of maintenance revenue, vital records
 contract awards, and other software contract awards. Based on our analysis,
 the
 attainment of these milestones would result in a contingent purchase price
 adjustment. The QS business delivers enterprise-wide public health solutions
 and
 vital records software to 70 public health agencies, including nine
 states. 

Our
 results of operations are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including
 those described in Item 1A, Risk Factors, above and the market risks described
 in Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks,
 below. 

Years
 Ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 

Results
 of Operations 

Our
 total
 revenue for 2006 was 59,050,000, an increase of 21,071,000, or 55 , from
 our
 revenue for 2005 which was 37,979,000. Revenue from the Netsmart - Ohio
 acquisition accounted for 15,675,000 or 74 of the increase in revenue from
 2006 to 2005. Revenue from the Netsmart - Public Health acquisition accounted
 for 1,991,000 or 9 of the increase from 2006 to 2005. Revenue from the AMS
 acquisition accounted for 783,000 or 4 of the increase in revenue from 2006
 to
 2005. 

21 

Revenue
 from contracts with state and local government agencies represented 40 of
 revenue in 2006 and 44 of revenue in 2005. This decrease was the result of
 the
 inclusion of the Netsmart - Ohio revenue, which has a lower percentage
 (approximately 20 of revenue generated from contracts with state and local
 government agencies. 

Fixed
 price software development contracts, which include labor, licenses and third
 party resale components, accounted for 15 and 24 of consolidated revenue
 for
 2006 and 2005, respectively. This decrease is the result of a decrease in
 Software and Related Systems and Services revenue generated from fixed price
 contracts, an increase in Software and Related Systems and Services revenue
 generated on an as incurred basis, as well as an increase in our recurring
 revenue components. Our recurring revenue components, which include our
 maintenance contract services, our Data Center and our ASP services, accounted
 for 54 of our consolidated revenue for 2006 as compared to 46 of consolidated
 revenue for 2005. This increase was primarily the result of an increase in
 maintenance revenue resulting from the inclusion of the operations of Netsmart
 -
 Ohio and Netsmart - Public Health, as well as an increase in both maintenance
 and ASP revenue, exclusive of the Netsmart - Ohio and Netsmart - Public Health
 acquisitions, which was partially offset by a decrease in Data Center
 revenue. 

Revenue
 from large turnkey fixed price software development contracts is determined
 using the percentage of completion method, which is based upon the time spent
 by
 our technical personnel on a project. Since the billing schedules under the
 contracts differ from the recognition of revenue, at the end of any quarter,
 these contracts generally result in either costs and estimated profits in excess
 of billing or billing in excess of costs and estimated profits. Revenue from
 our
 small turnkey fixed price contracts is accounted for under the completed
 contract method. 

Software
 and Related Systems and Services - New York 

Our
 Software and Related Systems and Services - New York revenue for 2006 was
 30,873,000, an increase of 2,448,000, or 9 , from our revenue for 2005, which
 was 28,425,000. Software and Related Systems and Services - New York revenue
 is
 comprised of turnkey systems labor revenue, revenue from sales of third party
 hardware and software license revenue, maintenance revenue and revenue from
 small turnkey systems in the markets in which we operated prior to our
 acquisition of our Ohio operations in September 2005. 

Within
 this segment is large turnkey and small turnkey components. The large turnkey
 components consist mostly of our Avatar suite of products. When we are engaged
 in fixed price arrangements for large turnkey systems, the installations will
 usually extend over a six-month to a multi-year time period and are accounted
 for under the percentage of completion method. The duration of the
 implementation depends on the size and complexity of the customer organization
 and the specifics of the implementation. Installations of small turnkey
 components are usually completed within a six-month period and are accounted
 for
 under the completed contract method. Small turnkey contracts performed in the
 New York segment are mostly related to our Avatar methadone related
 products. 

The
 largest component of Software and Related Systems and Services - New York
 revenue was maintenance revenue, which increased 1,149,000, or 12 , to
 10,933,000 in 2006 from 9,784,000 in 2005. Revenue from the AMS acquisition
 accounted for approximately 67 of this increase. As turnkey systems are
 completed, they are transitioned to the maintenance division, thereby increasing
 our installed base of recurring revenue. Turnkey systems labor revenue increased
 647,000, or 7 , to 10,492,000 in 2006 from 9,845,000 in 2005. Turnkey systems
 labor revenue refers to labor associated with turnkey installations and includes
 categories such as training, installation, project management and development.
 An increase of 1,091,000 in turnkey systems labor revenue was primarily due
 to
 an increase in billable time spent on contracts. This increase was partially
 offset by 444,000 due to a 7 decrease in our average daily billing rate.
 Revenue from third party hardware and software decreased 2 to 5,433,000 in
 2006 from 5,544,000 in 2005. Sales of third party hardware and software, such
 as pharmacy and database software, are made in connection with the sales of
 turnkey systems. These sales are typically made at lower gross margins than
 our
 software and related systems and services revenue. During 2006, the decrease
 in
 revenue from third party hardware and software was the result of a decrease
 in
 database software sales and pharmacy related sales to various customers. License
 revenue decreased 4 to 2,126,000 in 2006 from 2,210,000 in 2005. License
 revenue is generated as part of a sale of a human services information system
 pursuant to a contract or purchase order that includes delivery of the system
 and maintenance. The decrease in revenue is substantially the result of a
 decrease in customer user count upgrade sales, as well as a decrease in large
 system license sales. Revenue from the sales of our small turnkey contracts
 increased 81 to 1,889,000 in 2006 from 1,042,000 in 2005. Small turnkey
 contract sales relate to turnkey contracts that are less than 50,000 and are
 usually completed within one to six months. The increase in our small turnkey
 revenue for 2006 is substantially due to work being performed on two substantial
 Avatar methadone contracts. 

22 

Gross
 profit increased 6 to 14,656,000 in 2006 from 13,836,000 in 2005. Our gross
 profit percentage decreased to 48 in 2006 period from 49 in 2005. Our gross
 profit percentage decreased as a result of the decrease in license revenue,
 as
 well as an increase in our small turnkey revenue, which are typically performed
 at lower gross margins than our other revenue components. This decrease was
 partially offset by improved efficiency from our maintenance
 division. 

Software
 and Related Systems and Services - Ohio 

The
 Software and Related Systems and Services-Ohio segment is a new segment
 established as a result of the acquisition of Netsmart - Ohio, formerly CMHC
 Systems, Inc. The Ohio operations were acquired on September 28, 2005 and its
 results of operations are included from October 1, 2005. Netsmart - Ohio offers
 a full suite of behavioral healthcare information management software for mental
 health, substance abuse, and addiction services agencies, developmental
 disability centers, and behavioral health-related managed care organizations.
 The small turnkey contracts in the Ohio segment are for system installations
 for
 behavioral healthcare information management software for mental health,
 substance abuse, and addiction services agencies, developmental disability
 centers and behavioral health-related managed care organizations. The small
 turnkey contracts are usually completed within a six-month period. 

Revenue
 for 2006 consisted of the following components: Maintenance revenue of
 14,764,000, third party hardware and software revenue of 1,742,000, turnkey
 systems labor revenue of 2,574,000 and license revenue of
 1,814,000. 

Gross
 profit for 2006 was 11,556,000 and our gross profit percentage was 55 . The
 gross profit for the three months that Netsmart-Ohio operations were included
 in
 2005 was 2,704,000 and our gross profit percentage was 52 . The improvement
 in
 gross profit percentages from 52 in 2005 to 55 in 2006 was the results of
 reduced costs and operating efficiencies. 

Software
 and Related Systems and Services - Public Health 

The
 Software and Related Systems and Services-Public Health segment is a new segment
 established as a result of the acquisition of the business of QS by Netsmart
 -
 Public Health. The Public Health operations were acquired on August 1, 2006.
 Netsmart - Public Health delivers enterprise-wide public health solutions and
 vital records software to 70 public health agencies, including nine states.
 The
 small turnkey contracts in the Public Health segment are for system
 installations for Public Health information management software and vital
 records software for public health agencies. The small turnkey contracts are
 usually completed within a six-month period. 

Revenue
 for 2006 consisted of the following components: Maintenance revenue of 865,000,
 third party reimbursable revenue of 8,000, turnkey systems labor revenue of
 260,000 and license revenue of 858,000. 

23 

Gross
 profit for 2006 was 1,323,000 and our gross profit percentage was
 66 . 

Data
 Center Services (Service Bureau) 

Data
 center clients typically generate approximately the same amount of revenue
 each
 year. We bill on a transaction basis or on a fixed fee arrangement.
 Historically, each year we increase the transaction or fixed fee by an amount
 that approximates the New York urban consumer price index increase. The data
 center revenue decreased to 1,736,000 in 2006 from 1,795,000 in 2005,
 representing a decrease of 60,000, or 3 . This decrease was the result of
 one
 customer discontinuing the use of our services. 

Gross
 profit increased 1 to 919,000 in 2006 from 908,000 in 2005. Our gross margin
 percentage increased to 53 in 2006 from 51 in 2005. This increase in gross
 margin percentage was the result of a reduction in the following costs:
 communication costs decreased 32,000, supplies decreased 12,000 and support
 overhead and facility costs decreased 56,000. These decreases in costs, which
 increased our gross margin percentage, were partially offset by a 30,000
 increase in salary and fringe cost, as well as the decrease in revenue described
 above. 

Application
 Service Provider Services ASP 

ASP
 Services involves the offering of our Avatar suite of products, our CareNet
 products, our Netsmart University products and our InfoScribeR products on
 a
 virtual private network or through an internet delivery approach, thereby
 allowing our customers to rapidly deploy products and pay on a monthly service
 basis, thus eliminating capital intensive system requirements for such services.

ASP
 revenue increased to 3,556,000 in 2006 from 2,538,000 in 2005, representing
 an
 increase of 1,018,000 or 40 . This increase is primarily the result of the
 inclusion of our Netsmart University revenue, as well as increases in our
 CareNet, Avatar ASP services and InfoScriber customer base. 

Gross
 profit for 2006 was 1,325,000 and for 2005 it was 927,000, representing an
 increase of 398,000, or 43 . The gross margin percentage was 37 for 2006
 and
 2005. Although revenue increased, the gross profit and gross margin percentage
 did not increase proportionally due to the increased costs associated with
 the
 Netsmart University operations, which amounted to 457,000 in 2006. We believe
 that the costs currently in place represent the required costs to support the
 Netsmart University operation, as well as a provision for bonus of 100,000
 in
 accordance with the provisions of an employment contract with the principal
 of
 Netsmart University. We expect that as revenue from Netsmart University
 increases, gross profit and margins for this segment will increase
 accordingly. 

Operating
 Expenses 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses were 19,087,000 in 2006, reflecting an
 increase of 7,815,000, or 69 , from 11,272,000 in 2005. Approximately
 3,510,000 or 46 of this increase was related to the sales and marketing and
 general and administrative costs associated with Netsmart - Ohio. These costs
 consist of : (1) general and administrative costs totaling 1,577,000, of which
 the major cost components are as follows: accounting, human resources and
 administrative salaries and fringe costs - 336,000, rent and real estate taxes
 related to the Ohio facility - 304,000, reserve for bad debts - 201,000,
 customer list and contract backlog amortization - 458,000, and equipment costs
 and maintenance - 105,000 and (2) sales and marketing costs totaling
 1,933,000, of which the major cost components are as follows - salaries and
 fringe benefits - 1,280,000, commissions - 246,000, trade shows - 146,000
 and
 travel and lodging - 160,000. These increases are based upon 2005 costs for
 Netsmart-Ohio being included only for the period of the acquisition date
 (10/1/05 through December 31, 2005 and for the full year in 2006. The remaining
 54 of the increase in selling, general and administrative costs in excess
 of
 the Netsmart - Ohio costs were as follows, sales and marketing salaries and
 fringe benefit costs, which increased 430,000; commissions, which increased
 511,000; general administrative salaries and fringe benefits costs, which
 increased 306,000; general insurance costs which increased 130,000; accounting
 costs which increased 193,000; provision for bonuses which increased 211,000;
 and costs associated with the process of privatization 1,581,000. 

24 

We
 incurred research, development and maintenance expenses of 6,553,000 in 2006,
 an increase of 2,006,000, or 44 , from 4,547,000 in 2005. Approximately
 1,257,000 of the increase in research, development and maintenance expenses
 related to the Netsmart - Ohio operations and 328,000 related to the Netsmart
 Public Health operations. The Netsmart -New York research, development and
 maintenance expenses increased by 421,000 in 2006 as compared to 2005. This
 increase was substantially related to investment in product enhancements and
 extensions. These extensions include the development of new software modules
 which address Federal reporting requirements, as well as continuing investment
 in core products. These amounts have been appropriately accounted for in
 accordance with SFAS No. 86, Accounting for the Cost of Computer Software to be
 Sold, Leased, or Otherwise Marketed. 

Interest
 expense was 252,000 in 2006, an increase of 133,000, or 112 , from the
 119,000 in 2005. On October 7, 2005, we borrowed 2,500,000 pursuant to a
 term
 loan advanced under a new revolving credit and term loan agreement. In August
 2006, in connection with the acquisition of Netsmart - Public Health, we issued
 a three year promissory note in the amount of 1,435,000. The increase in
 interest expense was partially the result of the increased borrowings both
 under
 the term loan and related to this note. 

Interest
 income was 377,000 in 2006, an increase of 66,000, or 21 , from 311,000
 in
 2005. This increase is the result an increase in interest rates. Interest income
 is generated from short-term investments made with a substantial portion of
 the
 proceeds received from our term loan, as well as cash generated from
 operations. 

We
 have a
 net operating loss tax carry forward of approximately 3,321,000 at December
 31,
 2006 Pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code regarding substantial
 changes in company ownership, utilization of this net operating loss
 carryforward is limited. In 2006, we recorded a current income tax expense
 of
 2,289,000, which related to various state and local taxes, as well as a
 provision for the Federal alternative minimum tax. The income tax provision
 was
 increased by a deferred tax charge of 121,000. The increase in the effective
 tax rate of 56.5 for 2006 compared to 42 for 2005 is substantially
 attributable to the costs of the Proposed Merger Transaction in the amount
 of
 1,581,000 not being deductible for income tax purposes. In 2005, we recorded
 a
 current income tax expense of 324,000, which related to various state and
 local
 taxes, as well as a provision for the Federal alternative minimum tax. The
 income tax provision was increased by a deferred tax provision of
 835,000 

As
 a
 result of the foregoing factors, in 2006 we had net income of 1,853,000, or
 .28 per share (basic) and .27 per share (diluted). For 2005, we had net income
 of 1,590,000, or .28 per share (basic) and .27 per share
 (diluted). 

Years
 Ended December 31, 2005 and 2004 

Results
 of Operations 

Our
 total
 revenue for 2005 was 37,978,000, an increase of 8,973,000, or 31 , from our
 revenue for 2004 which was 29,005,000. Revenue from the Netsmart - Ohio
 acquisition accounted for 5,219,000 of the increase in revenue from 2005 to
 2004. This revenue was for the period October 1, 2005 through December 31,
 2005. 

Revenue
 from contracts with state and local government agencies represented 44 of
 revenue in 2005 and 49 of revenue in 2004. This decrease was the result of
 the
 inclusion of the Netsmart - Ohio revenue, which has a lower percentage
 (approximately 20 of revenue generated from contracts with state and local
 government agencies. 

25 

Fixed
 price software development contracts, which include labor, licenses and third
 party resale components, accounted for 24 and 34 of consolidated revenue
 for
 2005 and 2004, respectively. This decrease is the result of a decrease in
 Software and Related Systems and Services revenue generated from fixed price
 contracts and an increase in Software and Related Systems and Services revenue
 generated on an as incurred basis. Our recurring revenue components, which
 include our maintenance
 contract services, our Data Center and ASP services, accounted for 46 of our
 consolidated revenue for 2005 compared to 42 of consolidated revenue for 2004.
 This increase was the result of an increase in both maintenance and ASP revenue
 which was partially offset by a decrease in Data Center revenue. Revenue from
 large turnkey fixed price software development contracts is determined using
 the
 percentage of completion method, which is based upon the time spent by our
 technical personnel on a project. Since the billing schedules under the
 contracts differ from the recognition of revenue, at the end of any quarter,
 these contracts generally result in either costs and estimated profits in excess
 of billing or billing in excess of costs and estimated profits. Revenue from
 our
 small turnkey fixed price contracts is accounted for under the completed
 contract method. 

Software
 and Related Systems and Services - New York 

Our
 Software and Related Systems and Services - New York revenue for 2005 was
 28,425,000, an increase of 3,204,000, or 13 , from our revenue for 2004,
 which
 was 25,221,000. Software and Related Systems and Services - New York revenue
 is
 comprised of turnkey systems labor revenue, revenue from sales of third party
 hardware and software license revenue, maintenance revenue and revenue from
 small turnkey systems in the markets in which we operated prior to our
 acquisition of our Ohio operations in September 2005. 

Within
 this segment are large turnkey and small turnkey components. The large turnkey
 components consist mostly of our Avatar suite of products. When we are engaged
 in fixed price arrangements for large turnkey systems, the installations will
 usually extend over a six-month to a multi-year time period; these installations
 are accounted for under the percentage of completion method. The duration of
 the
 implementation depends on the size and complexity of the customer organization
 and the specifics of the implementation. Installations of small turnkey
 components are usually completed within a six-month period; these installations
 are accounted for under the completed contract method. Small turnkey contracts
 performed in the New York segment are mostly related to our Avatar methadone
 related products. 

The
 largest component of Software and Related Systems and Services revenue was
 turnkey systems labor revenue, which increased 243,000, or 3 , to 9,845,000
 in
 2005 from 9,602,000 in 2004. Turnkey systems labor revenue refers to labor
 associated with turnkey installations and includes categories such as training,
 installation, project management and development. The increase in turnkey
 systems labor revenue was primarily due to a 4 increase in the average daily
 billing rate, which accounted for total labor revenue increase of 208,000
 in
 2005 as compared to 2004. Revenue from third party hardware and software
 increased 28 to 5,544,000 in 2005, from 4,335,000 in 2004. Sales of third
 party hardware and software, such as pharmacy and database software, are made
 in
 connection with the sales of turnkey systems. These sales are typically made
 at
 lower gross margins than our software and related systems and services revenue.
 During 2005, the increase in revenue from third party hardware and software
 was
 partially the result of an increase in database software sales and pharmacy
 sales to various customers. License revenue increased 7 to 2,210,000 in 2005,
 from 2,066,000 in 2004. License revenue is generated as part of a sale of
 a
 human services information system pursuant to a contract or purchase order
 that
 includes delivery of the system and maintenance. During 2005, approximately
 one-third of the increase in license revenue was the result of increased user
 license sales to existing customers. Maintenance revenue increased 18 to
 9,784,000 in 2005 from 8,290,000 in 2004. Revenue from the AMS acquisition
 accounted for approximately one-half of this increase. As turnkey systems are
 completed, they are transitioned to the maintenance division, thereby increasing
 our installed base. Revenue from the sales of our small turnkey contracts
 increased 12 to 1,042,000 in 2005 from 928,000 in 2004. Small turnkey
 contract sales relate to turnkey contracts that are less than 50,000 and are
 usually completed within one to six months. On June 20, 2005, we acquired AMS.
 AMS typically has the type of contracts included in the small turnkey revenue;
 sales of AMS products and services totaled 216,000 in 2005. 

Gross
 profit increased 17 to 13,836,000 in 2005 from 11,849,000 in 2004. Our gross
 margin percentage increased to 49 in 2005 from 47 in 2004. Our gross margin
 increased as a result of improved efficiency from our maintenance division,
 as
 well as an increase in our license revenue. 

26 

Software
 and Related Systems and Services - Ohio 

The
 Software and Related Systems and Services-Ohio segment is a new segment
 established as a result of the acquisition of Netsmart - Ohio, formerly CMHC
 Systems, Inc. The Ohio operations were acquired on September 28, 2005 and are
 included commencing October 1, 2005. Netsmart - Ohio offers a full suite of
 behavioral healthcare information management software for mental health,
 substance abuse, and addiction services agencies, developmental disability
 centers, and behavioral health-related managed care organizations. The small
 turnkey contracts in the Ohio segment are for system installations for
 behavioral healthcare information management software for mental health,
 substance abuse, and addiction services agencies, developmental disability
 centers and behavioral health-related managed care organizations. The small
 turnkey contracts are usually completed within a six-month period. 

Revenue
 for October 1 through December 31, 2005 was 5,219,000 and consisted of the
 following components; Maintenance revenue of 3,533,000, third party hardware
 and software revenue of 654,000, turnkey systems labor revenue of 802,000
 and
 license revenue of 230,000. 

Gross
 profit for 2005 was 2,704,000 and our gross margin percentage was 52 .

Data
 Center Services (Service Bureau) 

Data
 center clients typically generate approximately the same amount of revenue
 each
 year. We bill on a transaction basis or on a fixed fee arrangement.
 Historically, each year we increase the transaction or fixed fee by an amount
 that approximates the New York urban consumer price index increase. The data
 center revenue decreased to 1,795,000 in 2005 from 2,058,000 in 2004,
 representing a decrease of 263,000, or 13 . This decrease was the result of
 two
 customers discontinuing the use of our services. 

Gross
 profit decreased 25 to 908,000 in 2005 from 1,209,000 in 2004. Our gross
 margin percentage decreased to 51 in 2005 from 59 in 2004. This decrease
 was
 the result of the decrease in revenue, as well as an increase in costs of
 approximately 38,000. The increase in costs was substantially the result of
 an
 increase in communications costs of 29,000, depreciation of 20,000 and
 salaries of 7,000, which was partially offset by a decrease in support overhead
 of approximately 18,000. 

Application
 Service Provider Services ASP 

ASP
 Services involves the offering of our Avatar suite of products, our CareNet
 products, our ContinuedLearning products and our InfoScribeR products on a
 virtual private network or through an internet delivery approach, thereby
 allowing our customers to rapidly deploy products and pay on a monthly service
 basis, thus eliminating capital intensive system requirements for such services.

ASP
 revenue increased to 2,538,000 in 2005 from 1,725,000 in 2004, representing
 an
 increase of 813,000 or 47 . This increase is the result of additional users,
 including one new customer of our Avatar suite of products, the inclusion of
 our
 Netsmart University revenue for the period April 28, 2005 through December
 31,
 2005, as well as increases in our CareNet and InfoScriber revenue. 

On
 April
 28, 2005, we acquired substantially all of the assets, including computer
 software, customer lists and computer equipment, of ContinuedLearning LLC,
 a
 company that offers a comprehensive family of web-based training products and
 services, including its Learning Management System. ContinuedLearning revenue
 totaled 235,000 for 2005. 

27 

Gross
 profit for 2005 was 927,000 and for 2004 was 799,000. The gross margin
 percentage was 37 in 2005 and 46 in 2004. Although revenue increased, the
 gross profit and gross margin percentage did not increase proportionally due
 to
 the increased costs associated with the ContinuedLearning operations which
 amounted to 494,000 in 2005. These costs represent the required baseline costs
 to support the ContinuedLearning operation. We expect that as new revenue is
 added to this operation, gross profit and margins will increase
 accordingly. 

Operating
 Expenses 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses were 11,272,000 in 2005, reflecting an
 increase of 3,978,000, or 55 , from 7,294,000 in 2004. Approximately
 1,571,000 or 39 of this increase was related to the selling, general and
 administrative costs associated with Netsmart - Ohio. Theses costs included
 such
 categories as salary and fringe benefits of 720,000, consulting costs of
 199,000 and rent of 170,000. Approximately 641,000 or 16 of this increase
 was related to an increase in bad debts, which included 340,000 related to
 one
 customer who filed for bankruptcy. The remaining increases were in: sales and
 marketing salaries and fringe benefits, which increased by 503,000; sales
 and
 marketing consulting costs, which increased by 282,000; other consulting which
 increased by 215,000, of which 86,000 related to Sarbanes Oxley compliance
 efforts and 79,000 related to strategic planning efforts; sales and marketing
 conference costs which increased by 151,000; general administrative salaries
 and fringe benefits, which increased by 187,000 and 558,000 which related
 to
 increased amortization related to the ContinuedLearning, Netsmart - Ohio and
 AMS
 acquisitions. The cost increases were partially offset by reductions in:
 depreciation, which decreased by 133,000; and provision for bonuses, which
 decreased by 142,000. 

We
 incurred research, development and maintenance expenses of 4,547,000 in 2005,
 an increase of 30 from 3,498,000 in 2004. Approximately 853,000 or 81 of
 this increase was related to the Netsmart - Ohio operations after the
 acquisition. During the latter part of 2004, we invested in infrastructure
 that
 is designed to improve the way we support our customers and products. This
 increased infrastructure cost relates to product version control, which includes
 design, programming, testing, documentation and quality control of our products.
 These efforts accounted for the remaining increase in our research, development
 and maintenance expenses. We also continue to invest in product enhancement
 and
 extensions. These extensions include the development of new software modules
 which address Federal reporting requirements, as well as continuing investment
 in core products. These amounts have been appropriately accounted for in
 accordance with SFAS No. 86, Accounting for the Cost of Computer Software to be
 Sold, Leased, or Otherwise Marketed. 

Interest
 and other expense was 119,000 in 2005, a decrease of 10,000, or 8 , from
 the
 129,000 in 2004. This decrease is the result of the completion of the
 amortization of the financing costs associated with our then-current loan
 agreement, which was amortized over a three year period, as well as reduced
 borrowing under our then-current loan agreement during 2005. On October 7,
 2005,
 we borrowed 2,500,000 pursuant to a term loan advanced under a new revolving
 credit and term loan agreement. The decrease in interest expense was partially
 offset by an increase in interest expense relating to the increased borrowings
 under the new term loan. 

Interest
 income was 311,000 in 2005, an increase of 185,000, or 147 , from 126,000
 in
 2004. This increase is the result of maintaining higher cash balances during
 2005, as well as an increase in interest rates. Interest income is generated
 from short-term investments made with a substantial portion of the proceeds
 received from our term loan, as well as cash generated from operations and
 the
 proceeds of the exercise of options and warrants. 

We
 have a
 net operating loss tax carry forward of approximately 5,300,000 at December
 31,
 2005. In 2005, we recorded a current income tax expense of 324,000, which
 related to various state and local taxes, as well as a provision for the Federal
 alternative minimum tax. The income tax provision was increased by a deferred
 tax provision of 835,000. In 2004, we recorded a current income tax expense
 of
 187,000, which related to various state and local taxes, as well as a provision
 for the Federal alternative minimum tax. The current provision was reduced
 by
 952,000 as a result of the use of the available net operating loss carry
 forward. During 2004, the deferred tax valuation allowance of 1,731,000 was
 reversed, 717,000 of which was recorded as an addition to additional paid
 in
 capital and 1,014,000 as a deferred tax benefit. The deferred tax provision
 was
 1,136,000 based on utilization of net operating loss carry forwards offset
 by a
 reduction in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance of
 1,014,000. 

28 

As
 a
 result of the foregoing factors, in 2005 we had net income of 1,590,000, or
 .28 per share (basic) and .27 per share (diluted). For 2004, we had net income
 of 2,753,000, or .52 per share (basic) and .50 per share
 (diluted). 

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 

We
 had
 working capital of approximately 3,758,000 at December 31, 2006 as compared
 to
 working capital of approximately 4,043,000 at December 31, 2005. This decrease
 of approximately 285,000 in working capital was the result of the following:
 4,242,000 in cash used in, and the assumption of net current liabilities
 associated with, the Netsmart - Public Health acquisition; 1,144,000 for the
 acquisition of equipment; 2,075,000 related to current income taxes payable
 and
 159,000 of additional costs related to the private placement effort completed
 in 2005. These decreases were substantially offset by: our net income, after
 adding back depreciation, amortization and other noncash charges, which totaled
 6,191,000; 290,000 for a goodwill adjustment relating to deferred revenue
 and
 accrued liabilities; and net proceeds from the exercise of stock options and
 warrants in the amount of 562,000. The remaining increase in working capital
 of
 292,000 was due to changes in other current assets and
 liabilities. 

In
 October 2005, we entered into a revolving credit and term loan agreement with
 the Bank of America, which was amended as of December 31, 2005, and further
 amended as of September 29, 2006 (as so amended, the Credit Agreement ). This
 financing provides us with a five-year term loan of 2,500,000. The term loan
 bears interest at LIBOR plus 2.25 . We have entered into an interest rate swap
 agreement with the Bank for the amount outstanding under the term loan whereby
 we converted our variable rate on the term loan to a fixed rate of 7.1 in
 order
 to reduce the interest rate risk associated with these borrowings. On October
 7,
 2005, we borrowed the full amount of the 2,500,000 term loan. The revolving
 credit facility provides for borrowings of up to 2,500,000. Any amounts
 borrowed under this arrangement will bear interest at a rate per annum to be
 elected by us, equal to either (1) the LIBOR Rate plus 2.5 or (2) the Bank's
 prime rate. We have not borrowed any amounts under the revolving credit facility
 and there is no amount outstanding as of December 31, 2006. The amount
 outstanding under the Credit Agreement at December 31, 2006 is
 1,917,000. 

The
 terms
 of the Credit Agreement require compliance with certain covenants, including
 maintaining a minimum tangible net worth of a negative 600,000 until December
 30, 2006 with provisions for increases in future periods, minimum cash reserves
 of 5,000,000, maintenance of certain financial ratios, limitations on capital
 expenditures and indebtedness and prohibition of the payment of cash dividends.
 As of December 31, 2006, we were not in compliance with one of the financial
 covenants of the Credit Agreement. As a result, the Bank agreed to waive any
 non-compliance by us for the no loss in any quarter provision. We incurred
 a net
 loss of approximately 500,000 as a result of expensing 1,581,000 of costs
 related to the proposed merger transaction. The nature of these costs did not
 allow us to recognize any tax benefit associated with these costs. As a result
 of the Bank agreeing to waive our non compliance, as of December 31, 2006,
 we
 were in compliance with the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

A
 part of
 our growth strategy is to acquire other businesses that are related to our
 current business. Such acquisitions may be made with cash, our securities,
 or a
 combination of cash and securities. If we fail to make any acquisitions our
 future growth will be limited to only internal growth. We are continually
 seeking acquisitions that will add complementary products to our offerings
 and
 that will provide value for the markets we serve. As of the date of this Form
 10-K annualy report, we did not have any formal or informal agreements or
 understandings with respect to any material acquisition by us. 

29 

On
 August
 1, 2006, we acquired certain assets, including computer software, customer
 lists
 and computer equipment of QS Technologies, Inc. QS ). The purchase price
 totaled approximately 5,466,000 as follows: an initial payment of 1,900,000
 in
 cash and a three year 1,435,000 promissory note paid monthly, at an annual
 rate
 of 8.25 together with the assumption of approximately 2,095,000 in net
 liabilities, consisting principally of deferred revenue, and acquisition costs
 of approximately 36,000. The transaction also provides for potential additional
 payments to the seller of up to 1,450,000 in 2008, contingent upon the
 attainment of performance milestones by the QS business through 2007. The
 milestones would result from the attainment of maintenance revenue, vital
 records contract awards, and other software contract awards. Based on our
 analysis, the attainment of these milestones would result in a contingent
 purchase price adjustment. The QS business delivers enterprise-wide public
 health solutions and vital records software to 70 public health agencies,
 including nine states. We also assumed the facility lease of QS in Greenville,
 South Carolina. This lease has a total square footage of 5,761, is non
 cancelable and expires on February 23, 2011. The annual rent is 80,106 and
 is
 subject to escalation clauses. The amount outstanding under the promissory
 note
 at December 31, 2006 was 1,292,000. 

Based
 on
 our market capitalization on June 30, 2006, the last day of our second fiscal
 quarter, we became an accelerated filer for our fiscal year ending December
 31, 2006. Our status as an accelerated filer required us to comply with Section
 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for the year ended December 31, 2006,
 which requires management certification with respect to internal controls over
 financial reporting. In anticipation of the change to accelerated filer status,
 we have substantially completed the steps necessary to enable management to
 evaluate such internal controls. Consequently, we do not expect to make material
 expenditures in connection with our Section 404 compliance, other than the
 attestation by our independent registered accountants. 

On
 November 18, 2006, we entered into the Merger Agreement with NT Acquisition,
 Inc. and NT Merger Sub, Inc. In the event that our stockholders approve the
 merger pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Netsmart will cease to
 be
 a public company. There is no guaranty that the stockholders will approve the
 Merger Agreement. Whether or not our stockholders approve the Merger Agreement,
 Netsmart will still be responsible for the cost incurred by it in connection
 with the merger, which are currently estimated to be approximately 2.2
 million. 

Based
 on
 our outstanding contracts and our continuing business, we believe that our
 cash
 flow from operations and our cash on hand will be sufficient to enable us to
 fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. It is possible that
 we
 may need additional funding if we pursue certain acquisitions or if our business
 does not develop as we anticipate, or if our expenses, including our software
 development costs relating to our expansion of our product line and our
 marketing costs for seeking to expand the market for our products and services
 to include smaller clinics and facilities and sole group practitioners, exceed
 our expectations. 

Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements 

We
 are
 not a party to any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

30 

Contractual
 Obligations 

The
 following table summarizes, as of December 31, 2006, our obligations and
 commitments to make future payments under debt, capital leases, operating leases
 and other long-term liabilities: 

Contractual
 Obligations 

Payments
 Due by Period 

Total 

Less
 than 

 1
 year 

1
 - 3 years 

4
 - 5 years 

Over
 5 years 

Long
 Term Debt 1 

1,916,662 

500,000 

1,000,000 

416,662 

-- 

Contractual
 Interest Expense Payments 

422,172 

211,254 

197,196 

13,722 

-- 

Asset
 Purchase Agreement 4 

1,292,468 

451,802 

840,666 

-- 

-- 

Capital
 Lease Obligations 2 

9,521 

9,521 

-- 

-- 

-- 

Operating
 Leases 3 

8,557,397 

1,317,169 

2,597,412 

2,054,326 

2,588,450 

Other
 Long-Term Liabilities 3 

1,558,598 

1,145,632 

391,716 

21,250 

-- 

Total
 Contractual and Other Long-Term Obligations 

13,756,778 

3,635,378 

5,026,990 

2,505,960 

2,588,450 

1 
 See Note
 7 to Netsmart s Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December
 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, which describes the Company s financing
 agreements. 

 2 
 See Note
 10 to Netsmart s Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December
 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, which describes the Company s Capital Lease
 Obligation. 

 3 
 See Note
 12 to Netsmart s Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December
 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 which describes the Company s Operating Lease and other
 Contractual Obligations. 

 4
 See
 Note
 5 to Netsmart s Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December
 31, 2006. 

Critical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
 Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These accounting
 principles require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions.
 We
 believe that the estimates, judgments and assumptions upon which we rely are
 reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these
 estimates, judgments and assumptions are made. These estimates, judgments and
 assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of
 the
 date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues
 and expenses during the periods presented. Among other things, estimates are
 used in accounting for allowances for bad debts, deferred income taxes, expected
 realizable values of assets (primarily capitalized software development costs
 and customer lists) and revenue recognition. To the extent there are material
 differences between these estimates, judgments or assumptions and actual
 results, our financial statements will be affected. Following is a discussion
 of
 the significant accounting policies and the significant estimates that we
 believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating
 our
 reported financial results: 

Revenue
 Recognition 

 Capitalized
 Software Development Costs 

 Impairment
 of Customer Lists 

 Bad
 Debts 

 Fair
 Value of Acquired Deferred Post-Contract Customer Support 

 Valuation
 Allowance for Deferred Income Tax Assets 

 Purchase
 Price Allocation of Netsmart Ohio and QS Technologies acquisitions 

31 

Revenue
 Recognition 
 - We
 recognize large turnkey revenue from long-term (six months or longer), fixed
 price contracts for financial statement purposes under the percentage of
 completion method when significant modification of the software package is
 required to meet the customer specifications. The percentage of completion
 method takes into account progress towards completion of a contract using time
 spent by technical personnel on a particular project as the measuring standard.
 Revisions in cost estimates and recognition of losses on these contracts are
 reflected in the accounting period in which the facts become known. Contract
 terms provide for billing schedules that differ from revenue recognition and
 give rise to costs and estimated profits in excess of billings, and billings
 in
 excess of costs and estimated profits. 

We
 recognize small turnkey revenue from short-term (less than six months), fixed
 price contracts for financial statement purposes under the completed contract
 method. Payments received in advance by customers are deferred until earned
 and
 represented as deferred revenue in the accompanying balance sheet. 

Revenue
 associated with fixed price turnkey sales consists of the following components:
 licensing of software, labor associated with the installation and implementation
 of the software; and maintenance services rendered in connection with such
 licensing activities. The complexity of the estimation process and issues
 related to the assumptions, risks and uncertainties inherent with the
 application of the percentage of completion method of accounting affect the
 amounts of revenue and related expenses reported in our Consolidated Financial
 Statements. A number of internal and external factors can affect our estimates,
 including labor rates, utilization and efficiency variances and specification
 and testing requirement changes. Maintenance contract revenue is recognized
 on a
 straight-line basis over the life of the respective contract. We also derive
 revenue from the sale of third party hardware and software which is recognized
 based upon the terms of each contract. Consulting revenue is recognized when
 the
 services are rendered. Data Center revenue and Application Service Provider
 revenue are recognized in the period in which the services are provided. The
 above sources of revenue are recognized when persuasive evidence of an
 arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed and determinable
 and
 collectibility is probable. 

Contract
 terms often provide for billing schedules that differ from revenue recognition
 and give rise to costs and estimated profits in excess of billings, and billings
 in excess of costs and estimated profits. 

Deferred
 revenue represents revenue maintenance and application services provider revenue
 billed but not yet earned. 

The
 cost
 of maintenance revenue, which consists solely of staff payroll and applicable
 overhead, is expensed as incurred. 

Capitalized
 Software Development Costs 
 -
 Capitalization of computer software development costs begins upon the
 establishment of technological feasibility and ends upon its availability for
 general release to customers. Technological feasibility for our computer
 software products is generally based upon achievement of a detail program design
 free of high risk development issues. We capitalize only those costs directly
 attributable to the development of the software. The establishment of
 technological feasibility and the ongoing assessment of recoverability of
 capitalized computer software development costs require considerable judgment
 by
 management with respect to certain external factors, including, but not limited
 to, technological feasibility, anticipated future gross revenue, estimated
 economic life and changes in software and hardware technology. Prior to reaching
 technological feasibility these costs are expensed as incurred and included
 in
 research, development and maintenance. Activities undertaken after the products
 are available for general release to customers to correct errors or keep the
 product updated are expensed as incurred and included in research, development
 and maintenance. Amortization of capitalized computer software development
 costs
 commences when the related products become available for general release to
 customers. Amortization is provided on a product by product basis. The annual
 amortization is the greater of the amount computed using (a) the ratio that
 current gross revenue for a product bears to the total of current and
 anticipated future gross revenue for that product or (b) the straight-line
 method over the remaining estimated economic life of the product. The estimated
 life of these products ranges from 3 to 8 years. 

32 

We
 periodically perform reviews of the recoverability of such capitalized software
 costs. At the time a determination is made that capitalized amounts are not
 recoverable based on the estimated cash flows to be generated from the
 applicable software, any remaining capitalized amounts are written
 off. 

Impairment
 of Customer Lists 
 -
 Pursuant to SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
 Long-Lived Assets , we evaluate our long-lived assets for financial impairment,
 and continue to evaluate them as events or changes in circumstances indicate
 that the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully recoverable. We
 evaluate the recoverability of long-lived assets by measuring the carrying
 amount of the assets against the estimated undiscounted future cash flows
 associated with them. At the time such evaluations indicate that the future
 undiscounted cash flows of certain long-lived assets are not sufficient to
 recover the carrying amount of such assets, the assets are adjusted to their
 fair values. 

Bad
 Debts 
 - We
 maintain allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated bad debts. Our practice
 is to specifically identify clients and invoices where we believe collection
 may
 be at risk and provide for these on a current basis. If the financial condition
 of our customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their
 ability to make payments, additional allowances might be required. In addition,
 since we evaluate each account and invoice on a case-by-case basis, the
 provision could vary from period to period. 

Fair
 value of acquired deferred post-contract customer support
 PCS 
 - We
 value PCS in accordance with View B of Emerging Issues Task Force EITF 04-11. In order to remain competitive and maintain our existing customer base,
 we upgrade and maintain software for purposes of bug fixes and ongoing
 regulatory changes, as well as software corrections and enhancements. These
 services are not sold separately and are therefore fair valued as a single
 unit.
 Although these services are provided on a when-and-if-available basis, we have
 an obligation to our existing customer base to develop upgrades and enhancements
 in order to maintain our customer relationships, as well as increase future
 revenue. The fair value of this liability is estimated using the value of the
 services provided using an estimated fulfillment margin. We intend to fulfill
 100 of our obligations under these assumed PCS obligations
 assumed. 

Valuation
 Allowance for Deferred Income Tax Assets 
 - We
 measure deferred income taxes using enacted tax rates and laws that we expect
 will be in effect when the underlying assets or liabilities settle. We record
 a
 valuation allowance against our deferred income tax assets balance when it
 is
 more likely than not that the benefits of the net tax asset balance will not
 be
 realized, and record a corresponding charge to income tax expense. Our ability
 to reduce the valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets depends on
 our
 ability to generate taxable income in the future. Based on our projection of
 our
 future taxable income we have determined that a valuation allowance is no longer
 required. 

Purchase
 Price Allocation of Acquisitions - 
 Purchase
 price allocations are subject to change. Changes could include a reallocation
 of
 intangible assets which would likely have the effect of increasing or decreasing
 future amortization expense, since the intangible assets are initially assigned
 varied lives. Additionally, the lives assigned to the identifiable intangible
 assets represent management s best estimates of the time periods in which it
 will continue to receive benefits from these assets. The useful lives may need
 to be adjusted in the future based upon changes to the expected useful lives
 of
 such assets. 

33 

Item
 7A. 

Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
 Risk 

We
 are
 exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. Most of our debt
 is
 at fixed rates of interest after completing interest rate swap agreements,
 which
 effectively converted our variable rate debt into fixed rate debt at 7.95 and
 7.1 per annum. Therefore, if the LIBOR rate plus 2.5 increases above 7.95 
 or
 7.1 per annum, it may have a positive effect on our comprehensive
 income. 

Most
 of
 our invested cash and cash equivalents, which are invested in money market
 accounts and commercial paper, are at variable rates of interest. If market
 interest rates decrease by 10 percent from levels at December 31, 2006, the
 effect on our net income would be a decrease of approximately 34,000 per
 year. 

34 

Netsmart
 Technologies, Inc. 

 Quarterly
 Summary 

 Unaudited 

The
 following table sets forth certain unaudited quarterly results of operations
 for
 each of the quarters in the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005. All
 quarterly information was obtained from unaudited financial statements not
 otherwise contained in this report. We believe that all necessary adjustments
 have been made to present fairly the quarterly information when read in
 conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto
 included elsewhere in this report. The operating results for any quarter are
 not
 necessarily indicative of the results for any future period. 

In
 thousands, except per share data amounts 

1st
 Quarter 

2nd
 Quarter 

3rd
 Quarter 

4th
 Quarter 

2006
 (a) 

Total
 revenue 

13,856 

14,287 

15,392 

15,515 

Gross
 profit 

6,866 

7,025 

7,779 

8,109 

Net
 income (loss) 

510 

735 

1,025 

(417 

Per
 share amounts: 

Net
 earnings (loss) - Basic: 

.08 

.11 

.16 

(.06 

Net
 earnings (loss) - Diluted: 

.08 

.11 

.15 

(.06 

(a)
 During 2006, the Company made one acquisition. See note 5 to the consolidated
 Financial Statements. Includes 1,581,000 in costs in the fourth quarter
 associated with the proposed merger transaction which were non-deductible
 for income tax purposes. 

2005
 (b) 

Total
 revenue 

7,429 

7,759 

8,517 

14,273 

Gross
 profit 

3,600 

3,862 

3,896 

7,018 

Net
 income 

363 

449 

379 

399 

Per
 share amounts: 

Net
 earnings - Basic: 

.07 

.08 

.07 

.06 

Net
 earnings - Diluted: 

.07 

.08 

.07 

.05 

(b)
 During 2005, the Company made three acquisitions. See note 5 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements. 

35 

Item
 8. 
 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary
 Data. 

The
 financial statements and supplementary data begin on page F-1 of this Form
 10-K. 

Item
 9. 
 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
 Disclosure. 

None 

Item
 9A. 
 
 Controls
 and Procedures. 

Evaluation
 of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
 management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
 and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as required by Exchange
 Act Rule 13a-15. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure
 that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file
 or
 submit to the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act, is
 recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
 by the Commission s rules and forms, and that information is accumulated and
 communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our
 Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
 required disclosure. Based upon the evaluation that was conducted, the Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of the
 end
 of the period covered by this report our disclosure controls and procedures
 were
 not effective due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial
 reporting described below. 

Management s
 Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
 is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
 financial reporting. Under the supervision and with the participation of
 management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer,
 management assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial
 reporting as of December 31, 2006 based on the framework in Internal
 Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that assessment, management
 has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was
 not effective at December 31, 2006 to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the
 reliability of its financial reporting and the preparation of its financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with United States generally
 accepted accounting principles. Management determined that these were certain
 material weaknesses relating to its calculation of earnings per share, the
 calculation of its income tax accrual and the ability to ensure that the
 disclosures in its regulatory filings under the Exchange Act are prepared in
 accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
 Until remediated, these weaknesses could affect the accuracy and/or timing
 of
 future filings with the SEC and other regulatory authorities. Due to its
 inherent limitations, even internal control over financial reporting that is
 functioning effectively may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
 to
 the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
 deteriorate. 

Marcum
 Kleigman LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has
 audited the Company s financial statements included in this report on Form 10-K
 and issued its report on management s assessment of the effectiveness of the
 Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006,
 which is included herein. 

36 

Changes
 in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

During
 2006, we continued integrating the New York and Ohio operations. We have chosen
 to use the most efficient processes and internal controls of the two operations
 in each location. During 2006, we completed the implementation of the same
 accounting system in Ohio as we use in New York. We are or will be in the
 process of implementing the billing, purchase order and cash receipts
 procedures. 

Management
 intends to take steps to remediate the material weaknesses in the Company s
 internal control over financial reporting commencing in the second fiscal
 quarter. 

Also
 during 2006, in connection with the QS acquisition we have integrated the
 accounting for the QS operations into our New York accounting system and related
 controls. 

Limitations
 on the Effectiveness of Controls 

We
 believe that a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot
 provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met,
 and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control
 issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected.
 Our
 disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial
 reporting are designed to provide a reasonable assurance of achieving their
 objectives and our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have
 concluded that such controls are effective at the reasonable assurance 
level. 

37 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over
 Financial Reporting 

To
 the
 Audit Committee of 

 the
 Board
 of Directors and Stockholders 

 Netsmart
 Technologies, Inc. 

We
 have
 audited management s assessment, included in the accompanying Management s
 Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting , that Netsmart
 Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company did not maintain
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
 2006, because of the effect of three material weaknesses in the Company s
 internal control noted below, based on criteria established in Internal Control
 - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
 of
 the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). The Company s management is
 responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
 and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
 reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management s
 assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
 over financial reporting based on our audit. 

We
 conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
 Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
 plan
 and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
 effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
 material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
 control over financial reporting, evaluating management s assessment, testing
 and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control,
 and
 performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
 circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
 opinion. 

A
 company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
 provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
 and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over
 financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
 reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
 (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
 necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
 of
 the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
 and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance
 regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use,
 or
 disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements. 

Because
 of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
 may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
 evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
 controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
 the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
 may deteriorate. 

A
 material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of control
 deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material
 misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
 or detected. The following material weaknesses have been identified and included
 in management s assessment: 

1. 
 
 The
 Company did not maintain effective controls over the calculation
 of
 earnings per share. There are no controls in place to prevent inadvertent
 errors that could result in a material
 misstatement. 

2. 
 
 The
 Company did not maintain effective controls over the calculation
 of the
 income tax provision or the related footnote disclosures. The Company
 relies primarily on a single individual and does not possess adequate
 resources to perform a comprehensive review. Such process is ineffective
 in preventing an inadvertent error that could result in a material
 misstatement. 

38 

3. 
 
 The
 Company did not maintain effective controls over the preparation
 of
 disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles.
 There
 are no controls in place to prevent inadvertent errors that could
 result
 in a material disclosure
 deficiency. 

These
 material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing, and
 extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2006 consolidated financial
 statements and this report does not affect our report dated March 7,
 2007 ,
 except
 for Note 16 as to which the date is March 14, 2007, on those consolidated
 financial statements. 

In
 our
 opinion, management s assessment that Netsmart Technologies, Inc. and
 Subsidiaries did not maintain effective internal control over financial
 reporting as of December 31, 2006, is fairly stated, in all material
 respects, based on the COSO criteria. Also, in our opinion, because of the
 effect of the material weaknesses described above on the achievement of the
 objectives of the control criteria, Netsmart Technologies, Inc. and
 Subsidiaries has not maintained effective internal control over financial
 reporting as of December 31, 2006, based on the COSO criteria. 

/s/
 Marcum Kliegman LLP 

Marcum
 Kliegman LLP 

 Melville,
 New York 

 March
 7,
 2007 

Item
 9B. 
 
 Other
 Information. 

None 

39 

Part
 III 

Item
 10. Directors
 and Executive Officers of the Registrant. 

Our
 directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 

Age 

Position 

James
 L. Conway 

59 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

Anthony
 F. Grisanti 

57 

Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

Alan
 Tillinghast 

43

Director 

Kevin
 Scalia 

46 

Director 

Francis
 J. Calcagno 1,
 2 3 

57 

Director 

John
 S.T. Gallagher 1,
 2 3 

75 

Director 

Yacov
 Shamash 3 

57 

Director 

Joseph
 G. Sicinski 1
 2 

74 

Director 

____________ 

1 

Member
 of the compensation committee. 

2 
 
 Member
 of the audit committee. 

3 
 
 Member
 of the nominating and governance
 committee. 

Director
 and Executive Officer Biographies 

Mr.
 James
 L. Conway has been the Company s chief executive officer since April 1998, a
 director since January 1996 and president from January 1996 until January 2001.
 From 1993 until April 1998, he was president of a Long Island based manufacturer
 of specialty vending equipment for postal, telecommunication and other
 industries. He was previously vice president, treasurer and director of ITT
 Credit Corporation. Mr. Conway was recently elected to the board of LISTnet
 which is an organization with the objective of promoting Long Island as one
 of
 the national centers of excellence for software and technology solutions. He
 also serves and is a member of the CEO Roundtable for Long Island. 

Mr.
 Anthony F. Grisanti has been our Treasurer since June 1994, Secretary since
 February 1995 and Chief Financial Officer since January 1996. 

Mr.
 Alan
 B. Tillinghast was elected as a director in December 2006. Mr. Tillinghast
 was
 appointed as Netsmart s Chief Technology Officer and Executive Vice President
 for Operations in December 2006. Prior thereto, Mr. Tillinghast held senior
 executive positions with the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary Netsmart New York
 since 1999. Previously Mr. Tillinghast held senior positions with Saint
 Vincent s Catholic Medical Center where he was responsible for the
 implementation of a variety of systems for their Behavioral Healthcare Division.
 He also serves as a board member for Options for Community Living, a
 not-for-profit organization serving the health and human service needs of Long
 Island. 

Mr.
 Kevin
 Scalia was
 elected as a director in December 2006. Mr. Scalia was appointed as Netsmart s
 Executive Vice President, Corporate Development in December 2006 and prior
 to
 that date was serving as Executive Vice President, Corporate Development of
 the
 Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Netsmart New York since October 2005. From
 January 2004 to October 2005, he served as Vice-President of Operations of
 Netsmart New York. From 2002 to 2004 Kevin was director of business development
 for the company and its subsidiaries. Prior to joining Netsmart, Mr. Scalia
 served as President and COO of Galt Technologies, Melville, New York, a Long
 Island based professional services firm which provided enterprise applications
 to mid-size and fortune 500 companies, and served as chairman and CEO of a
 manufacturer of supercomputers, security equipment and medical imaging
 equipment. He is a Founding Member of the Long Island Software and Technology
 Network, and a member of the College of Engineering Advisory Board, State
 University of New York at Stony Brook. 

40 

Mr.
 Francis J. Calcagno has been one of the Company s directors since September
 2001. He is a senior managing director of Dominick Dominick LLC, 150
 E.52nd Street, New York, New York 10022, an investment banking firm, a
 position he has held since 1997. From 1993 until 1997, he was a managing
 director of Deloitte and Touche, LLP. 

Mr.
 John
 S.T. Gallagher has
 been
 one of the Company s directors since March 2002. He has been a consultant to the
 President of SUNY Stony Brook, Stony Brook, New York 11794-2200, since December
 2005. From 2001 until 2005, he was deputy county executive for health and human
 services in Nassau County, New York, 1 West Street, Mineola, New York
 11501. Prior thereto he was a senior executive officer of North Shore University
 Hospital and North Shore Long Island Jewish Health System since 1982, having
 served as executive vice president of North Shore from 1982 until 1992,
 president from 1992 until 1997 and chief executive officer of the combined
 hospital system from 1997 until January 2002. In January 2002, he became
 co-chairman of the North Shore Long Island Jewish Heath System Foundation.
 Mr. Gallagher is also a director of Perot Systems Corporation, a worldwide
 provider of information technology services. 

Dr.
 Yacov
 Shamash has been one of the Company s directors since January 2004. Dr. Shamash
 is Vice President for Economic Development and the Dean of the College of
 Engineering and Applied Sciences at Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, New
 York 11794-2200. Prior to joining SUNY Stony Brook in 1992, Dr. Shamash served
 as the Director of the School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science
 at
 Washington State University. He has also held faculty positions at Florida
 Atlantic University, the University of Pennsylvania and Tel Aviv University.
 He
 received his undergraduate and graduate degrees from Imperial College of Science
 and Technology in London, England. Dr. Shamash has been a member of the Board
 of
 Directors of KeyTronic Corporation, a contract manufacturer, since 1989, of
 American Medical Alert Corporation, a healthcare service provider, since 2001
 and of Applied DNA Sciences, Inc., a company engaged in the business of
 researching, developing and selling security and anti-counterfeiting products
 that utilize plant DNA for verification purposes, since 2006 and is a member
 of
 the board of directors of LISTnet which is an organization with the objective
 of
 promoting Long Island as one of the national centers of excellence for software
 and technology solutions. 

Mr.
 Joseph G. Sicinski has been one of the Company s directors since June 1998. He
 was president and director of Trans Global Services, Inc., 8707 Katy Freeway,
 Suite 300, Houston, Texas 77024, a technical staffing company, from September
 1992 until April 1998. From April 1998 until September 2002 he was also
 chief executive officer of Trans Global. In September 2003 he retired from
 Trans
 Global and co-founded Novus Management Services, Inc, a company providing
 services related to the insurance industry where he is also a board member.
 In
 February 2004 he co-founded BDS Strategic Solutions, Inc., a company providing
 permanent and temporary staffing solution services and programs related to
 human
 resource issues. He is chairman of the board of directors of
 BDS. 

Directors
 are elected for a term of one year. 

None
 of
 our officers and directors are related. 

Our
 certificate of incorporation includes certain provisions, permitted under
 Delaware law, which provide that a director shall not be personally liable
 to us
 or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a
 director except for liability (i) for any breach of the director s duty of
 loyalty to us or our stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith
 or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii)
 for
 any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit,
 or
 (iv) for certain conduct prohibited by law. The Certificate of Incorporation
 also contains broad indemnification provisions. These provisions do not affect
 the liability of any director under federal or applicable state securities
 laws. 

41 

Board
 Committees 

Our
 board
 of directors has three standing committees - the audit committee, the
 compensation committee and the nominating and governance committee. The board
 of
 directors also established a special committee to evaluate the advisability
 of
 entering into the Merger Agreement. All of the members of each committee are
 independent as defined under Nasdaq rules. 

The
 responsibilities of the audit committee include overseeing our financial
 reporting process, reporting the results of its activities to the board,
 retaining and ensuring the independence of our independent registered public
 accountants, approving services to be provided by our independent registered
 public accountants, reviewing our periodic filings with the independent
 registered public accountants prior to filing, and reviewing and responding
 to
 any matters raised by the Independent Registered Public Accountants in their
 management letter and SAS 61 Communications. The audit committee consists of
 Mr.
 John S.T. Gallagher, who is chairman of the committee and Messrs. Francis
 Calcagno and Joseph G. Sicinski. The board of directors has determined that
 each
 of Messrs. Gallagher and Calcagno, qualifies as an Audit Committee financial
 expert, as defined by Securities and Exchange Commission rules, based in his
 education, experience and background. A copy of the Audit Committee charter
 can
 be found on our website at www.ntst.com . 

The
 compensation committee serves as the stock option committee for our stock option
 plans and the employee stock purchase plan, and it reviews and approves any
 employment agreements with management and changes in compensation for our
 executive officers. The members of the compensation committee are Mr. Gallagher,
 who is chairman of the committee and Messrs. Calcagno and Sicinski. A copy
 of
 the Compensation Committee charter can be found on our website at www.ntst.com . 

The
 nominating and governance committee is primarily responsible for reviewing
 our
 corporate governance principles and independence standards: overseeing the
 annual evaluation of our board and its committees; discharging the board s
 responsibilities related to compensation of directors; identifying and
 evaluating individuals for board and committee membership and chairs; making
 recommendations to the board concerning the selection of director nominees
 and
 making recommendations as to the size and composition of the board and its
 committees. It will consider director nominee recommendations by stockholders
 provided that the names of such nominees, accompanied by relevant biographical
 information are properly submitted to our Secretary in accordance with the
 stockholder nomination procedures adopted by the Board of Directors, as
 described below. The members of the Nominating and Governance Committee are
 Dr.
 Shamash, who is the chairman of the committee and Messrs. Gallagher and
 Calcagno. A copy of the Nominating and Governance Committee charter can be
 found
 on our website at www.ntst.com . 

The
 board
 of directors established the special committee to represent the interests of
 the
 unaffiliated stockholders in considering whether to pursue a proposal to sell
 Netsmart and the strategy of continuing Netsmart s business without engaging in
 such a transaction. The special committee consists of Mr. Calcagno, who is
 chairman of the committee, and Messrs. Gallagher, Shamash and
 Sicinski. 

Excluding
 actions by unanimous written consent, during 2006, the board of directors held
 twelve meetings, the compensation committee held six meetings, the nominating
 and governance committee held one meeting and the audit committee held five
 meetings. The special committee held twelve meetings and the independent
 directors held four meetings. 

The
 audit
 committee met with our independent registered public accountants and chief
 financial officer prior to filing of this Form 10-K annual report to review
 the
 2006 audited financial statements with the independent registered public
 accountants. During 2006, all of our directors attended at least 75 of the
 aggregate of meetings of the board and the meetings of any committee of which
 they are members. 

42 

Section
 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers,
 directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of
 our
 equity securities ("Reporting Persons") to file reports of ownership and changes
 in ownership on Forms 3, 4 and 5 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and
 the Nasdaq Stock Exchange. These Reporting Persons are required by SEC
 regulation to furnish us with copies of all Forms 3, 4 and 5 they file with
 the
 SEC and Nasdaq. Based solely upon our review of the copies of the forms we
 have
 received, and upon representations received from such Reporting Persons, we
 believe that all Reporting Persons complied on a timely basis with all filing
 requirements applicable to them with respect to transactions during fiscal
 2005
 except that each of Messrs. Gallagher, Sicinski, Calcagno and Shamash failed
 to
 timely file the requisite Form 4 reporting the grant of certain options pursuant
 to the automatic grant provisions of our 2001 Long Term Incentive
 Plan. 

Code
 of Ethics 

We
 have
 adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our principal executive officers,
 principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller and
 a
 Code of Business Conduct applicable to all of our employees, each which is
 posted on our website at www.ntst.com .
 Our
 Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct applicable to the
 Company s officers and employees, and has also adopted a Code of Ethics for its
 senior financial officers. These codes of ethics are posted on the Company s
 website at www.ntst.com in the Investor Relations section. Any amendment of
 the
 codes of ethics or waiver thereof applicable to any director or executive
 officer of the Company, including the Chief Executive Officer or any senior
 financial officer, will be disclosed on the Company s website within four
 business days of the date of such amendment or waiver. In the case of a waiver,
 the nature of the waiver, the name of the person to whom the waiver was granted
 and the date of the waiver will also be disclosed. A copy of the codes of ethics
 may also be obtained without charge by writing to Mr. Anthony F. Grisanti,
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Netsmart Technologies, Inc, 3500 Sunrise Highway, Great
 River, NY 11739. 

Item
 11. 
 
 Executive
 Compensation. 

Executive
 Compensation Program Objectives and Overview 

Netsmart s
 current executive compensation programs are intended to achieve three
 fundamental objectives: (1) attract and retain qualified executives;
 (2) motivate performance to achieve specific strategic and operating
 objectives of Netsmart; and (3) align executives interests with the
 long-term interests of Netsmart s stockholders. As described in more detail
 below, the material elements of our current executive compensation program
 for
 our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and the other
 most
 highly compensated executive officers, Named Officers include a base salary,
 an annual bonus opportunity, perquisites, retirement benefits, severance
 protection for certain actual or constructive terminations of the Named
 Officers employment, and other post-termination benefits payable upon
 retirement, death or disability. 

43 

We
 believe that each element of our executive compensation program helps us to
 achieve one or more of our compensation objectives. The table below lists each
 material element of our executive compensation program and the compensation
 objective or objectives that it is designed to achieve. 

Compensation
 Element 

Compensation
 Objectives Attempted to be Achieved 

Base
 Salary 

Attract
 and retain qualified executives 

Bonus
 Compensation 

Motivate
 performance to achieve specific strategies and operating objectives

Attract
 and retain qualified executives 

Perquisites
 and Personal Benefits 

Attract
 and retain qualified executives 

Equity-Based
 Compensation (stock options) 

Align
 Named Officers long-term interests with stockholders long-term interests

Motivate
 performance to achieve specific strategies and operating objectives

Attract
 and retain qualified executives 

Retirement
 Benefits (e.g., 401(k), Executive Retirement, Non Competition and
 Consulting Plan 

Attract
 and retain qualified executives 

Severance
 and Other Benefits Upon Termination of Employment 

Attract
 and retain qualified executives 

 Motivate
 performance to achieve specific strategies and operating
 objectives 

As
 illustrated by the table above, base salaries, perquisites and personal
 benefits, retirement benefits and severance and other termination benefits
 are
 all primarily intended to attract and retain qualified executives. These are
 the
 elements of our current executive compensation program where the value of the
 benefit in any given year is not dependent on performance (although base salary
 amounts and benefits determined by reference to base salary will increase from
 year to year depending on performance, among other things). We believe that
 in
 order to attract and retain top-caliber executives, we need to provide
 executives with predictable benefit amounts that reward the executive s
 continued service. Some of the elements, such as base salaries and perquisites
 and personal benefits, are generally paid out on a short-term or current basis.
 The other elements are generally paid out on a longer-term basis, such as upon
 retirement or other termination of employment. We believe that this mix of
 longer-term and short-term elements allows us to achieve our dual goals of
 attracting and retaining executives (with the longer-term benefits geared toward
 retention and the short-term awards focused on recruitment). 

Our
 annual bonus opportunity is primarily intended to motivate our executives 
performance to achieve specific strategies and operating objectives, although
 we
 also believe it helps us attract and retain executives. Certain of our
 executives are also eligible for commissions based on sales. Our equity-based
 compensation is primarily intended to align our executives long-term interests
 with stockholders long-term interests, although we also believe they help
 motivate performance and help us attract and retain executives. These are the
 elements of our current executive compensation program that are designed to
 reward performance and the creation of stockholder value, and therefore the
 value of these benefits is dependent on performance. Each executive s annual
 bonus opportunity is paid out on an annual short-term basis and is designed
 to
 reward performance for that period. Equity-based compensation is generally
 paid
 out or earned on a longer-term basis and is designed to reward performance
 over
 the term of the award. 

The
 Compensation Committee s general philosophy is that bonus and equity
 compensation should fluctuate with the Company s success in achieving financial
 and other goals, and that Netsmart should continue to use long-term compensation
 such as stock options to align stockholder and executives interests. The
 Compensation Committee and Netsmart s Chairman believe in reserving significant
 amounts for results-based incentive compensation and thus setting fixed-amount
 base salaries near the median of peer companies. 

44 

The
 Company retains GK Partners, an outside executive compensation consulting firm
 (which provides no other services to the Company) to provide general
 compensation expertise, explore alternative incentive programs and analyze
 comparative compensation information for the Compensation Committee. In carrying
 out its responsibilities in 2006, the Committee sought the consulting firm s
 advice regarding compensation levels within the industry and the advisability
 of
 adopting alternative or additional performance incentives. In addition, the
 consulting firm provided valuable information to the Committee by benchmarking
 the Committee s executive compensation program against those of a peer group of
 comparable software companies, which was suggested by the consulting firm and
 which included such companies as American Medical Alert, Applix, Inc.,
 Bitstream, Inc., CAS Medical Systems, Inc., Enzo Biochem, Inc., Exar
 Corporation, Hauppauge Digital, Inc., Hi Tech Pharmacal Co., Inc., Insightful
 Corp., LanVision Systems, Inc., Mediware Systems, Inc. and Quality Systems,
 Inc.
 This benchmarking was performed for comparative purposes. The Committee then
 determined the amount of the components of our executive compensation program
 using, among other factors, the information provided to it by the consulting
 firm. Because we generally determine the components of our executive
 compensation program, in part, by using such benchmarked information, we do
 not
 generally factor in amounts realized from prior compensation paid to our
 executives. 

Current
 Executive Compensation Program Elements 

Base
 Salaries 

Like
 most
 companies, Netsmart s policy is to pay our executives base salaries in cash.

In
 April
 2004, we entered into revised employment agreements with Messrs. James L. Conway
 and Anthony F. Grisanti. The terms and conditions of the revised contracts
 are
 identical in all material respects to the previous contracts except that (i)
 the
 term of each individual s contract was extended by one year, so that Messrs.
 Conway and Grisanti s contract will expire on December 31, 2006 and (ii) the
 revised contracts do not provide for a five-year consulting period following
 each individual s respective term of employment during which such individual
 would have been entitled to compensation of 75,000 per year. Messrs. Conway
 and
 Grisanti s contracts also provide for an option, which has been exercised, to
 extend their contracts for one additional year so that their contracts now
 expire on December 31, 2006. 

In
 January 2006, one of our subsidiaries, Netsmart-NY entered into an employment
 agreement with Mr. Alan Tillinghast as an Executive Vice President with such
 contract expiring on December 31, 2008 (the Tillinghast Agreement ). The
 Tillinghast Agreement provides for an option to extend his contract for
 continuing subsequent two year terms unless terminated by Netsmart-NY or Mr.
 Tillinghast on not less than sixty days written notice prior to the expiration
 of the contract. Mr. Tillinghast was appointed as an executive officer of
 Netsmart on December 2007. In February 2005, one of our subsidiaries,
 Netsmart-NY entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Kevin Scalia as an
 Executive Vice President with such contract expiring on February 14, 2008 (the
 Scalia Agreement ). The Scalia Agreement provides for an option to extend his
 contract for continuing subsequent two year terms unless terminated by
 Netsmart-NY or Mr. Scalia on not less than sixty days written notice prior
 to
 the expiration of the contract. Mr. Scalia was appointed as an executive officer
 of Netsmart in December 2006. 

The
 agreements provide for annual increases associated with cost of living indexes
 or 5 , whichever is greater. The agreements provide that the executives are
 eligible to participate in a bonus pool to be determined annually by the board,
 based on the executive s performance. The agreements also provide each of these
 officers with an automobile allowance and insurance benefits. In approving
 our
 executives salary increases, our board took into account, among other things,
 the greater responsibility of our executives positions, peer group comparisons
 provided by the Committee s outside consulting firm, and the executives 
individual experience and increased responsibilities. The base salary that
 was
 paid to each Named Officer in 2006 is the amount reported for such officer
 in
 Column (c) of the Summary Compensation Table. 

45 

In
 connection with the proposed merger transaction, we entered into new contracts
 with each of Mr. Conway (the Conway Agreement and Mr. Grisanti (the Grisanti
 Agreement ). These agreements were entered into in connection with the proposed
 merger transaction and are not a part of our compensation program. Consequently,
 the Conway Agreement and Grisanti Agreement were not approved by the
 Compensation Committee. The Conway Agreement provides that following the closing
 of the proposed merger, Mr. Conway will continue to act as the Chief Executive
 Officer of Netsmart for a term of two years commencing on the date of the
 closing of the merger, such term to be automatically renewed for successive
 one
 year terms thereafter unless the Conway Agreement is terminated pursuant to
 its
 terms. During the term of the Conway Agreement, Mr. Conway will continue to
 receive a base salary of 367,500, which is his current base salary, and will
 no
 longer have the right to automatic annual base salary increases, as provided
 in
 his current employment agreement. 

Under
 the
 terms of the Grisanti Agreement, following the closing of the proposed merger
 transaction, Mr. Grisanti will continue to act as the Chief Financial Officer
 of
 Netsmart for a term of two years commencing on the date of the closing of the
 merger, such term to be automatically renewed for successive one year terms
 thereafter unless the Grisanti Agreement is terminated pursuant to its terms.
 During the term of the Grisanti Agreement, Mr. Grisanti will continue to receive
 a base salary of 204,750, which is his current base salary, and will no longer
 have the right to automatic annual base salary increases, as provided in his
 current employment agreement. 

Annual
 Bonuses 

Netsmart s
 policy is to pay any discretionary annual bonuses to the Named Officers in
 cash.
 Each of the Named Officers have agreements whereby they are eligible to
 participate in a bonus pool to be determined annually by the Compensation
 Committee, based upon their performance. The Compensation Committee, in
 accordance with the compensation philosophy outlined above, approved cash
 bonuses for 2006 for the Named Officers as shown in column (d) of the Summary
 Compensation Table. The bonuses provided for our Named Officers were included
 in
 an executive bonus pool that was calculated at approximately 12 of income
 before taxes and provision for such bonuses. This pool provided bonuses for
 other executives in addition to the Named Executives. In considering the amount
 of the bonuses for the Named Officers for fiscal 2006, the Committee took into
 account the executive s responsibilities, his performance, and other factors
 such as Company profitability, market share and industry position. For 2006,
 the
 Named Officers salaries and bonuses represented the following percentages of
 their respective total compensation: Mr. Conway 93 , Mr. Grisanti 89 ,
 Mr. Tillinghast 68 and Mr. Scalia 68 . Additionally, Messrs. Tillinghast and
 Scalia participate in a commission pool and each receives .25 of our
 commissionable sales bookings for the year. Commissions earned by Messrs.
 Tillinghast and Scalia for 2006 were 109,080 and 100,022, respectively.
 According to the Company s outside compensation consulting firm, the Company s
 executive compensation is in line with average executive compensation among
 peer
 companies. 

Pursuant
 to the Conway Agreement, for the 2006 fiscal year, Mr. Conway is entitled to
 receive a bonus in the amount of 140,000, which is the target bonus previously
 established by the Company at the beginning of the 2006 fiscal year. Thereafter,
 Mr. Conway is entitled to receive an annual bonus of at least 225,000 if
 Company performance targets are met as determined by the compensation committee
 of the Company s board of directors. In addition, no later than the tenth day
 following the closing of the merger, Mr. Conway will receive a special one-time
 cash bonus in the amount of 1,000,000, provided that he executes an effective
 release in favor of Netsmart and Parent and certain of their respective
 affiliates releasing his existing rights to payments under his existing
 employment agreement and the Netsmart Executive Retirement, Non Competition
 and
 Consulting Plan, as amended (the Retirement Plan ), including his right to
 receive a change-in-control payment of approximately 2,300,000 upon
 consummation of the merger. 

Pursuant
 to the Grisanti Agreement, for the 2006 fiscal year, Mr. Grisanti is entitled
 to
 receive a bonus in the amount of 96,000, which is the target bonus previously
 established by the Company at the beginning of the 2006 fiscal year. Thereafter,
 Mr. Grisanti is entitled to receive an annual bonus of at least 96,000 if
 Company performance targets are met, as determined by the compensation committee
 of the Company s board of directors. 

46 

In
 addition, no later than the tenth day after the closing of the merger, Mr.
 Grisanti will receive a special one-time cash bonus in the amount of 601,500,
 provided that he executes an effective release in favor of Netsmart and Parent
 and certain of their affiliates releasing his existing rights to payments under
 his existing employment agreement and the Retirement Plan, including his right
 to receive a change-in control payment of approximately 1,400,000 upon
 consummation of the merger. 

Perquisites 

In
 addition to base salaries and annual bonus opportunities, Netsmart provides
 the
 Named Officers with certain perquisites and personal benefits, including
 automobile-related expenses. We believe that perquisites and personal benefits
 are often a tax-advantaged way to provide the Named Officers with additional
 annual compensation that supplements their base salaries and bonus
 opportunities. When determining each Named Officer s base salary, we take the
 value of each Named Officer s perquisites and personal benefits into
 consideration. 

The
 perquisites and personal benefits paid to each Named Officer in 2006 are
 reported in Column (i) of the Summary Compensation Table below, and are
 further described in footnotes (2), (3), (4) and (5) to the Summary
 Compensation Table. 

Equity-Based
 Compensation 

Netsmart s
 policy is that the Named Officers long-term compensation should be directly
 linked to the value provided to stockholders of Netsmart common stock.
 Accordingly, the Compensation Committee grants equity awards under the 2001
 Long
 Term Incentive Plan designed to link an increase in stockholder value to
 compensation. During 2006, the Compensation Committee did not award any grants
 of Incentive Stock Options to any of the Named Officers. Nevertheless, the
 Compensation Committee believes that the use of these awards encourages
 executives to continue to use their best professional skills and to remain
 in
 Netsmart s employ. Options granted by Netsmart under the 2001 Long Term
 Incentive Plan generally vest and become exercisable in installments of 50 
 after six months and 100 thereafter. The life of the options is generally
 five
 years. When considering the equity grants, the Compensation Committee considers
 each Named Officer s responsibilities, his performance during the prior year,
 his expected future contribution to Netsmart s performance, competitive data on
 grant values at comparable companies. 

Pursuant
 to the Conway Agreement, within thirty days after the closing of the merger,
 upon approval by the Compensation Committee, Mr. Conway will be granted an
 option to purchase shares of the Parent s common stock having a value equal to
 an aggregate 2.25 of the fully diluted shares (including all options, warrants
 and convertible securities on an exercised or as-converted basis) of the
 Parent s common stock as of the closing date with an exercise price based on the
 Merger Consideration (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement), a
 portion of which shall be subject to time-based vesting and a portion of which
 shall be subject to performance-based vesting, which options shall be
 memorialized in a stock option agreement pursuant to a stock option plan to
 be
 established by Parent consistent with his employment agreement. 

Pursuant
 to the Grisanti Agreement, within thirty days after the closing of the merger,
 upon approval by the compensation committee, Mr. Grisanti will be granted an
 option to purchase shares of Parent s common stock having a value equal to 0.5 
 of the fully diluted shares (including all options, warrants and convertible
 securities on an exercised or as-converted basis) of Parent s common stock as of
 the closing date with an exercise price based on the Merger Consideration (as
 such term is defined in the Merger Agreement), which shall be subject to
 time-based vesting, which option shall be memorialized in a stock option
 agreement pursuant to a stock option plan to be established by
 Parent. 

47 

Retirement
 Benefits and Deferred Compensation Opportunities 

Effective
 April 1, 2004, we adopted an Executive Retirement, Non-Competition and
 Consulting Plan which was subsequently amended August 5, 2004 effective April
 1,
 2004, pursuant to which, following their retirement, selected officers will
 be
 entitled to receive a minimum payment of approximately 85,000 per year for
 a
 period of six years, provided, that such officers (i) provide a minimum amount
 of consulting days each month and (ii) agree to certain covenants not to
 compete. The annual payments are subject to 10 increases up to a maximum of
 136,893 per year. Pursuant to the Executive Retirement, Non-Competition and
 Consulting Plan, the selected officers are also entitled to receive health
 benefits for life, provided that there are no breaches of the covenants not
 to
 compete. Each of Messrs. Conway and Grisanti are entitled to receive benefits
 under the plan. 

Deferred
 compensation is a tax-advantaged means of providing the Named Officers with
 additional compensation that supplements their base salaries and bonus
 opportunities. 

Severance
 and Other Benefits Upon Termination of Employment 

Netsmart s
 policy is to provide Named Officers with certain payments in the event of the
 termination of their employment prior to the end of their current employment
 term due to death, disability or other than for cause (as defined in their
 respective employment agreements). Netsmart selected such events because they
 are standard termination triggers in employment contracts. Netsmart determined
 that its failure to provide such standard termination provisions would adversely
 affect its ability to achieve its compensation objectives. 

Please
 see the Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control section below
 for a description of the potential payments that may be made to the Named
 Officers in connection with their termination of employment or a change in
 control. 

Stock
 Ownership Guidelines 

The
 Company does not have formal guidelines for the amount of officer and director
 Netsmart stock ownership. 

Section
 162(m) Policy 

Section 162(m) of
 the Internal Revenue Code limits the deductibility by Netsmart of cash
 compensation in excess of 1 million paid to the Chief Executive Officer and
 the
 four highest compensated executive officers during any taxable year, unless
 such
 compensation meets certain requirements. Base compensation and the subjective
 portion of the cash bonuses paid to executive officers for 2006 were within
 the
 1 million Section 162(m) threshold and should, therefore, also be
 deductible by Netsmart. Stock options under Netsmart s existing plans, as well
 as the formulaic portion of the cash bonus, are intended to comply with the
 rules under Section 162(m) for treatment as performance based
 compensation. Therefore, Netsmart should be allowed to deduct compensation
 related to options granted under each of these plans and the formula portion
 of
 the cash bonuses. 

48 

Compensation
 Committee s Report on Executive Compensation (1) 

Netsmart s
 Compensation Committee has certain duties and powers as described in its
 charter. The Compensation Committee is currently composed of the three
 non-employee directors named at the end of this report each of whom is
 independent as defined by the NASD Rule 4200(a)(15). The Compensation Committee
 has reviewed and discussed with management the disclosures contained in the
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this Item 11. Based upon this
 review and our discussions, the Netsmart Compensation Committee recommended
 to
 its Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section
 be
 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Compensation
 Committee of 

 the
 Board of Directors 

 John
 S.
 T. Gallagher (Chair) 

 Joseph
 Sicinski 

 Francis
 Calcagno 

 (1) 
 SEC filings sometimes incorporate information by reference. This means the
 Company is referring you to information that has previously been filed with the
 SEC, and that this information should be considered as part of the filing you
 are reading. Unless the Company specifically states otherwise, this Compensation
 Committee Report shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference and shall
 not constitute soliciting material or otherwise be considered filed under the
 Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act. 

Compensation
 Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

The
 Compensation Committee members whose names appear above were committee members
 during all of 2006. No member of the Compensation Committee is or has been
 a
 former or current officer or employee of the Company or had any relationships
 requiring disclosure by the Company under the SEC s rules requiring
 disclosure of certain relationships and related-party transactions. None of
 the
 Company s executive officers served as a director or a member of a compensation
 committee (or other committee serving an equivalent function) of any other
 entity, the executive officers of which served as a director or member of the
 Compensation Committee during the fiscal year ended December 31,
 2006. 

49 

Summary
 Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 

Year 

Salary 

 ) 

Bonus 

 ) 

Option 

 Awards 

 )(2) 

All 

 Other 

 Compensation 

 ) 

Total 

 ) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 

(f) 

(g) 

James
 L. Conway (1)
 (3) 

 Chief
 Executive Officer 

2006 

 2005 

 2004 

367,500 

 290,386 

 197,073 

140,000 

 75,000 

 175,000 

-- 

 100,000 

 215,900 

38,987 

 23,004 

 21,625 

546,487 

 488,390 

 609,598 

Anthony
 F. Grisanti (4) 

 Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary 

2006 

 2005 

 2004 

204,750 

 178,415 

 147,804 

96,000 

 60,000 

 125,000 

-- 

 180,000 

 139,700 

35,554 

 26,017 

 19,731 

336,304 

 444,432 

 432,235 

Alan
 Tillinghast, (5)
 (6) 

 Executive
 Vice President, Operations 

2006 

178,759 

80,000 

-- 

123,480 

382,239 

Kevin
 Scalia (5)
 (7) 

 Executive
 Vice President, Corporate Development 

2006 

166,295 

80,000 

114,422 

360,717 

(1) 
 
 Messrs.
 Conway, Tillinghast and Scalia serve on the Board of Directors but
 receive
 no compensation for their service as
 directors. 

(2) 
 
 The
 value of the option awards in each year was calculated using the
 Black
 Scholes value at the date of grant multiplied by the number of options
 granted to the Named Officer. The Black Scholes value for options
 granted
 was 4.00 and 5.08 per share for options granted in 2005 and 2004,
 respectively. 

(3) 
 
 All
 Other Compensation for 2006 consists of 14,400 for automobile allowance,
 20,192 in vacation pay and 4,395 for life insurance premiums.

(4) 
 
 All
 Other Compensation for 2006 consists of 14,400 for automobile allowance,
 16,500 in vacation pay and 4,654 for life insurance premiums.

(5) 
 
 Messrs.
 Tillinghast and Scalia were appointed as executive officers in December
 2006. 

(6) 
 
 All
 Other Compensation for 2006 consists of 109,080 in commissions and
 14,400 for automobile allowance. 

(7) 
 
 All
 Other Compensation for 2006 consists of 100,022 in commissions and
 14,400 for automobile allowance. 

Compensation
 of Named Officers 

The
 Summary Compensation Table should be read in connection with the tables and
 narrative descriptions that follow. The Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
 Year
 End and Option Exercises and Stock Vested tables provide further information
 on
 the Named Officers potential realizable value and actual value realized with
 respect to their equity awards. 

The
 discussion of the potential payments due upon a termination of employment or
 change in control is intended to further explain the potential future payments
 that are, or may become, payable to our Named Officers. 

50 

Netsmart
 has traditionally awarded annual stock incentives to employees (including the
 Named Officers) each year. However, Netsmart did not make any grants of
 plan-based awards in 2006. 

Outstanding
 Equity Awards At Fiscal Year End 

Option
 Awards 

Name 

Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 

Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable 

Option
 Exercise Price 

Option
 Expiration Date 

James
 L. Conway 

100,000

-

9.85 

7/13/2010 

42,500

-

8.49 

5/13/2009 

142,500

-

Anthony
 F. Grisanti 

10,000

-

4.37 

5/21/2008 

17,500

-

4.93 

1/26/2008 

45,000

-

9.85 

7/13/2010 

27,500

-

8.49 

5/13/2009 

100,000

-

Alan
 Tillinghast 

5,000

-

4.37 

5/21/2008 

27,500

-

8.49 

5/13/2009 

45,000

-

9.85 

7/13/2010 

77,500

-

Kevin
 Scalia 

5,000

-

6.61 

8/11/2013 

878

-

4.93 

1/26/2008 

45,000

-

9.85 

7/13/2010 

22,500

-

8.49 

5/13/2009 

73,378

-

There
 were no stock awards. 

51 

The
 following table presents information regarding the exercise of stock options
 by
 Named Officers during 2006. 

Option
 Exercises And Stock Vested 

Name 

Option
 Awards 

 Number
 of Shares 

 Acquired
 on 

 Exercise 

 (#) 

Value 

 Realized
 on 

 Exercise 

 ) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

James
 L. Conway 

None 

None 

Anthony
 F. Grisanti 

None 

None 

Alan
 Tillinghast 

None 

None 

Kevin
 Scalia 

10,000 

73,000 

Potential
 Payments Upon Termination Or Change In Control 

Severance
 Provisions of Employment Agreements 

Messrs.
 Conway and Grisanti s current employment agreements provide that in the event of
 their dismissal or resignation or a material change in their duties or in the
 event of a termination of employment by the executive or us as a result of
 a
 change in control, Messrs. Conway and Grisanti may receive severance payments
 of
 48 months compensation. Under the Conway and the Grisanti Agreement, Each of
 Messrs. Conway and Grisanti s existing employment agreements also provides for
 severance benefits and welfare and perquisite continuation in the event that
 the
 executive officer is terminated for a reason other than death, disability or
 cause or resigns as a result of or following a change of control. The completion
 of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement would constitute a
 change of control under each executive officer s employment agreement. In such
 event, each of Messrs. Conway and Grisanti is entitled to receive severance
 payments calculated by determining the greatest after-tax benefit to the officer
 of payment of either (i) 48 months compensation or (ii) an amount equal to 2.99
 times his base compensation amount, as defined in Section 280G of the Internal
 Revenue Code. For the purposes of determining the amount of 48 months 
compensation, each of Messrs. Conway and Grisanti is entitled to receive an
 amount equal to the product of 48 multiplied by one-twelfth of the sum of his
 salary, average bonus for the prior three years, annual automobile allowance
 and
 annual vacation pay. 

Pursuant
 to the Tillinghast Agreement, if Mr. Tillinghast s employment is terminated as a
 result of death or disability, then the Company is required to pay to Mr.
 Tillinghast his salary at the annual rate in effect at the date of death or
 termination resulting from a disability, until the earlier of six months from
 the date of death of termination or the expiration of the term. If Mr.
 Tillinghast s employment is terminated for causes other than death, disability
 or for cause (excluding any termination upon a change in control (as defined
 in
 the Tillinghast Agreement) or disposition of Netsmart-NY, as discussed below),
 then the Company shall pay to Mr. Tillinghast as severance payments his salary
 and expenses for the balance of the term of his contract as well as the bonus
 and commissions which he would otherwise be entitled to receive. The bonus
 and
 commission amount payable is defined as the greater of the prior year s bonus
 and commissions or the average bonus and commissions paid to Mr. Tillinghast
 over the preceding three years. In addition, for a period of eighteen months
 after such termination, the Company shall provide Mr. Tillinghast, or his
 beneficiary, with the hospitalization, life insurance, medical and major medical
 benefits which would have been provided to him if he had continued his employ
 with the Company, except that the Company shall not be required to provide
 life
 insurance coverage for any beneficiary of Mr. Tillinghast. The Tillinghast
 Agreement provides for certain payments in the event of his termination upon
 either (i) a change in control (as defined in the employment agreement) or
 (ii)
 a disposition by Netsmart of the business of the Company s Netsmart-NY
 subsidiary. In such event, if Mr. Tillinghast resigns due to either (i) a
 significant change in his duties or (ii) the Company changes his place of work
 to a location more than 50 miles from the current headquarters in Great River,
 NY, then he would be entitled to receive an amount (based on his rate of pay
 at
 the time of his termination) equal to his salary for 24 months, his bonus amount
 for the two preceding years, any unpaid commissions through the end of the
 term
 and all other benefits due to him pursuant to the terms of his agreement.

52 

Pursuant
 to the Scalia Agreement, if Mr. Scalia s employment is terminated as a result of
 death or disability, then the Company is required to pay to Mr. Scalia his
 salary at the annual rate in effect at the date of death or termination
 resulting from a disability, until the earlier of six months from the date
 of
 death of termination or the expiration of the term. If Mr. Scalia s employment
 is terminated for causes other than death, disability or for cause (excluding
 any termination upon a change in control (as defined in the Scalia Agreement)
 or
 disposition of Netsmart-NY, as discussed below), then the Company shall pay
 to
 Mr. Scalia as severance payments his salary and expenses for the balance of
 the
 term of his contract as well as the bonus and commissions which he would
 otherwise be entitled to receive. The bonus and commission amount payable is
 defined as the greater of the prior year s bonus and commissions or the average
 bonus and commissions paid to Mr. Scalia over the preceding three years. In
 addition, for a period of eighteen months after such termination, the Company
 shall provide Mr. Scalia, or his beneficiary, with the hospitalization, life
 insurance, medical and major medical benefits which would have been provided
 to
 him if he had continued his employ with the Company, except that the Company
 shall not be required to provide life insurance coverage for any beneficiary
 of
 Mr. Scalia. The Scalia Agreement provides for certain payments in the event
 of
 his termination upon either (i) a change in control (as defined in the
 employment agreement) or (ii) a disposition by Netsmart of the business of
 the
 Company s Netsmart-NY subsidiary. In such event, if Mr. Scalia resigns due to
 either (i) a significant change in his duties or (ii) the Company changes his
 place of work to a location more than 50 miles from the current headquarters
 in
 Great River, NY, then he would be entitled to receive an amount (based on his
 rate of pay at the time of his termination) equal to his salary for 24 months,
 his bonus amount for the two preceding years, any unpaid commissions through
 the
 end of the term and all other benefits due to him pursuant to the terms of
 his
 agreement. 

Pursuant
 to the Conway Agreement, if Mr. Conway s employment is terminated for cause (as
 such term is defined in the Conway Agreement), he will receive his accrued
 but
 unpaid salary, and lifetime medical insurance at a cost to Netsmart not to
 exceed 600 per month. If Mr. Conway terminates his employment without good
 reason (as such term is defined in the Conway Agreement), Mr. Conway will
 receive accrued but unpaid salary, any accrued but unpaid bonus, retirement
 benefits (in a series of annual payments not to exceed 684,465 in the
 aggregate) and the lifetime medical insurance as described in the immediately
 preceding sentence. However, if Mr. Conway terminates his employment during
 2007
 or 2008 without good reason (as such term is defined in the Conway Agreement),
 he will forfeit his retirement benefits. If Mr. Conway s employment is
 terminated without cause, he terminates his employment for good reason or the
 Company provides notice of non-renewal of the term of his employment agreement,
 he will receive an amount equal to one year of his then current annual salary,
 a
 bonus prorated for the number of days worked during the year of termination
 (assuming that any personal performance criteria applicable to the bonus are
 maximally obtained), the payment of any accrued but unpaid bonus earned during
 the year prior to the year in which the termination occurs, the lifetime medical
 insurance and retirement benefits described above, and accelerated vesting
 as of
 the termination date of that portion of his time-based vesting options that
 would have vested if he had remained employed for an additional year (with
 full
 accelerated vesting if such termination is within one year of a subsequent
 change in control of the Company), provided that if Mr. Conway s employment is
 terminated for any reason other than for cause on or after the second
 anniversary of the Closing of the merger and his performance-based vesting
 options have fully vested, no less than three quarters of his time-based vesting
 options shall be deemed to be fully vested as of his termination date. In the
 event of Mr. Conway s death during the employment term, his estate shall receive
 the bonus earned during the year of his death, calculated on a pro-rata basis
 for the number of days worked (assuming that any personal performance criteria
 applicable to the bonus are maximally obtained), any bonus earned but unpaid
 in
 the year prior to the year of his death, any earned but unpaid salary,
 retirement benefits (in a series of annual payments not to exceed 746,688
 in
 the aggregate) and accelerated vesting as of the termination date of that
 portion of his time-based vesting options that would have vested if he had
 remained employed for an additional year. If Mr. Conway s employment is
 terminated due to his disability, he shall receive the same benefits as he
 would
 upon his death, with the addition of the lifetime medical insurance described
 above. Upon any employment termination (other than a termination for cause),
 a
 portion of the benefits for which the executive shall be eligible shall be
 subject to his (or his representative s) effective execution of a release in
 favor of the Company and its related parties. If Mr. Conway s employment is
 terminated by Netsmart without cause or he terminates his employment for good
 reason within two years after the closing date of the merger, he shall also
 be
 eligible to receive an additional payment to negate the after-tax effect of
 a
 portion of the excise tax he incurs (if any) as a result of the merger under
 the
 so-called golden parachute rules of Internal Revenue Code Section
 280G. 

53 

Pursuant
 to the Grisanti Agreement, if Mr. Grisanti s employment is terminated for cause
 (as such term is defined in the Grisanti Agreement), he will receive his accrued
 but unpaid salary, and lifetime medical insurance at a cost to Netsmart not
 to
 exceed 600 per month. If Mr. Grisanti terminates his employment without good
 reason (as such term is defined in the Grisanti Agreement), Mr. Grisanti will
 receive accrued but unpaid salary, any accrued but unpaid bonus, retirement
 benefits (in a series of annual payments not to exceed 452,450 in the
 aggregate) and the lifetime medical insurance as described in the immediately
 preceding sentence. If Mr. Grisanti s employment is terminated without cause, he
 terminates his employment for good reason, or the Company provides a notice
 of
 non-renewal of the term of his agreement he will receive an amount equal to
 six
 months of his then current annual salary, a bonus prorated for the number of
 days worked during the year of termination (assuming that any personal
 performance criteria applicable to the bonus are maximally obtained), the
 payment of any accrued but unpaid salary and bonus earned during the year prior
 to the year in which the termination occurs, the lifetime medical insurance
 and
 retirement benefits described above, and accelerated vesting as of the
 termination date of that portion of his sign-on option that would have vested
 if
 he had remained employed for an additional year. In the event of Mr. Grisanti s
 death during the employment term, his estate shall receive the bonus earned
 during the year of his death, calculated on a pro-rata basis for the number
 of
 days worked (assuming that any personal performance criteria applicable to
 the
 bonus are maximally obtained), any bonus earned but unpaid in the year prior
 to
 the year of the executive s death, any earned but unpaid salary, retirement
 benefits (in a series of annual payments not to exceed 452,450 in the aggregate
 and accelerated vesting as of the termination date of that portion of his
 sign-on option that would have vested if he had remained employed for an
 additional year). If Mr. Grisanti s employment is terminated due to his
 disability, he shall receive the same benefits as he would upon his death,
 with
 the addition of the lifetime medical insurance described above. Upon any
 employment termination (other than a termination for cause), a portion of the
 benefits for which the executive shall be eligible shall be subject to his
 (or
 his representative s) effective execution of a release in favor of the Company
 and its related parties. To the extent that Mr. Grisanti would be subject to
 the
 so-called golden parachute rules of Internal Revenue Code Section 280G, the
 payments to which he would be entitled upon a termination of employment would
 be
 reduced below the threshold at which the golden parachute excise tax is imposed
 to the extent such reduction would enable him to retain a greater portion of
 the
 payments from Netsmart after remittance of tax than he would have had he
 received the unreduced payments. 

Change
 in Control Severance Plan 

Estimation
 of Benefits 

Set
 forth
 below is an estimation of the benefits payable to each of the Named Officers
 assuming that such officer s employment were terminated under the circumstances
 described above in connection with a change in control of the Company and that
 the event triggering such payment occurred on 12/31/06. 

54 

Severance
 Benefits Change in Control 

Name 

Estimated 

 Total
 Value of 

 Cash
 Payments 

 (Base Salary 

 and Annual
 (1) 

 Bonus Amounts) 

James
 L. Conway 

2,189,000 

Anthony
 F. Grisanti 

1,330,000 

(1) 
 Payments
 are calculated pursuant to Mr. Conway and Mr. Grisanti s current employment
 agreements based upon forty eight months multiplied by the sum of current annual
 salary plus the average bonus over the past three years plus auto allowance
 and
 vacation pay divided by twelve months. 

Directors 
 Compensation 

Cash
 Compensation: 
 Our
 directors play a critical role in guiding the Company s strategic direction and
 overseeing the management of the Company. The increased demand for qualified
 and
 talented public company directors requires that we provide adequate incentives
 for our directors continued performance and participation. Our board of
 directors has three standing committees - the audit committee, the compensation
 committee and the nominating and governance committee. The board of directors
 also established a special committee to evaluate the advisability of entering
 into the Merger Agreement. For fiscal year 2006 each member of a committee
 of
 the Board (Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance) received annual
 fees of 20,000 for their service. In addition, as set forth below, for his
 service as a chairperson of a committee (in addition to the fee for serving
 as a
 member of a committee) , the chairperson received the following additional
 fees:

Audit
 Committee Chair 

6,250 

Compensation
 Committee Chair 

6,250 

In
 addition, Messrs. Calcagno, Gallagher, Shamash and Sicinski received meeting
 fees of 1,500 per meeting of the special committee. Mr. Calcagno also received
 an additional 60,000 for his additional responsibilities as chairman of the
 special committee. 

We
 are
 also authorized to reimburse directors for expenses in connection with
 attendance at meetings. 

Equity
 Compensation: 
 Non-employee directors also received an automatic grant of stock options
 pursuant to the automatic grant provisions of the Company s 2001 Long-Term
 Incentive Plan. 

The
 2001
 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended, currently provides for the following
 automatic grants of options to each non-employee director: 

Automatic
 grant to each non-employee director of a non-qualified option to purchase 10,000
 shares of common stock on April 1 st 
 of each
 year; provided that each non-employee director serving as the chairman of the
 audit committee or compensation committee granted an option to purchase 12,500
 shares of common stock on April 1 st 
 of each
 year, provided, that if one person serves as chairman of both committees he
 receives a grant of options to purchase a total of 12,500 shares. 

55 

All
 options granted under the Plan have a term of 5 years and are fully vested
 after
 six months. The exercise price of options granted under the Plan is determined
 by the Compensation Committee. It has been the practice if the Committee to
 use
 the closing price of the stock at the close of business on the date of
 grant. 

2006
 Director Compensation 

All 

Fees
 Earned 

Option 

Other 

Name 

or
 Paid in Cash 

Awards
 (1) 

Compensation 

Total 

James
 L. Conway (2) 

None 

-- 

-- 

-- 

Gerald
 O. Koop (2) 

None 

-- 

-- 

-- 

John
 F. Phillips (2) (3) 

None 

-- 

122,500 

122,500 

John
 S.T. Gallagher 

63,000 

24,214 

-- 

87,214 

Joseph
 Sicinski 

38,000 

18,904 

-- 

56,904 

Frank
 Calcagno 

98,000 

18,904 

-- 

116,904 

Yacov
 Shamash 

38,000 

18,904 

-- 

56,904 

Kevin
 Scalia (2) 

None 

-- 

-- 

-- 

Alan
 Tillinghast (2) 

None 

-- 

-- 

-- 

(1) 
 The
 value of the option awards were calculated using the Black Scholes value at
 the
 date of grant multiplied by the amount of options granted in the respective
 years. 

(2) 
 Messrs.
 Conway, Koop, Phillips, Scalia and Tillinghast do not receive compensation
 for
 their service as directors. 

(3) 
 Included
 in all other compensation is 85,000 in payments under the Executive Retirement,
 Non-Competition and Consulting Plan and 37,500 under a separate consulting
 arrangement. 

As
 of
 December 31, 2006, the following number of non-qualified stock options were
 outstanding and held by each Director. 

2006
 Director Stock Options 

Number
 of Options 

Director 

Outstanding 

James
 L. Conway 

142,500 

Gerald
 O. Koop 

65,000 

John
 F. Phillips 

None 

John
 S.T. Gallagher 

27,500 

Joseph
 Sicinski 

18,000 

Frank
 Calcagno 

28,000 

Yacov
 Shamash 

18,000 

Kevin
 Scalia 

73,378 

Alan
 Tillinghast 

77,500 

56 

Item
 12. Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
 Matters. 

Set
 forth
 below is information as of February 20, 2007, as to each person known by us,
 based on information provided to us by the persons named below and filings
 with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission, to own beneficially at least 5 of
 our
 common stock, each director, each officer listed in the Summary Compensation
 Table and all officers and directors as a group. 

Name
 and Address 

Shares 

Percent
 of Outstanding Common Stock 

James
 L. Conway 

248,848 

3.7 

Anthony
 F. Grisanti 

204,815 

3.1 

Joseph
 G. Sicinski 

43,000 

Francis
 J. Calcagno 

28,000 

John
 S.T. Gallagher 

37,500 

Yacov
 Shamash 

18,000 

Alan
 Tillinghast 

117,837 

1.8 

Kevin
 Scalia 

73,378 

1.1 

All
 directors and officers as a group (eight individuals) 

771,378 

10.9 

Eagle
 Asset Management 

 880
 Carillon Parkway 

 St.
 Petersburg, FL 

868,099 

13.2 

Dawson
 Herman 

 354
 Pequot Avenue 

 Southport,
 CT 

715,203 

10.9 

Daniel
 Zeff 

 50
 California St. 

 San
 Francisco, CA. 

330,870 

5.0 

FMR
 Corp. 

 82
 Devonshire St. 

 Boston,
 MA 

423,978 

6.5 

Mosaix
 Ventures L.P. 

 1822
 North Mohawk 

 Chicago,
 IL 

612,055 

9.2 

_____________ 

 Less
 than
 1 . 

Except
 as
 set forth in the following paragraphs, each person has the sole voting and
 sole
 investment power and direct beneficial ownership of the shares. Each person
 is
 deemed to beneficially own shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of
 options or warrants which are exercisable on or within 60 days after the date
 as
 of which the information is provided. 

57 

Except
 as
 otherwise noted above, the address of each person listed is c/o Netsmart
 Technologies, Inc., 3500 Sunrise Highway, Great River, NY 11739. 

The
 number of shares owned by our directors and officers shown in the table above
 includes shares of common stock which are issuable upon exercise of options
 that
 are exercisable at February 20, 2007 or will become exercisable within 60 days
 after that date. Set forth below is the number of shares issuable upon exercise
 of those options for each of such directors and officers. 

Name 

Number 

Yacov
 Shamash 

18,000 

James
 L. Conway 

142,500 

Anthony
 F. Grisanti 

100,000 

Joseph
 G. Sicinski 

18,000 

Francis
 J. Calcagno 

28,000 

John
 S.T. Gallagher 

27,500 

Alan
 Tillinghast 

77,500 

Kevin
 Scalia 

73,378 

All
 officers and directors as a group 

484,878 

Equity
 Compensation Plan Information 

The
 following table sets forth information relating to our compensation plans as
 of
 December 31, 2006. 

Plan
 Category 

Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options,
 warrants
 and rights 

Weighted-average
 exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity
 compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column
 (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 

898,505 

8.790 

586,045 2 

Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 

24,900 1 

14.77 

-- 

Total 

923,405 

8.951 

586,045 

1 
 Options
 to acquire 30,000 shares were granted to certain former employees of
 Netsmart-Ohio to induce them to remain in our employ. The options have a
 ten-year term, an exercise price of 14.77 per share and become exercisable
 over
 a period of three years. 

2
 Options
 to purchase an aggregate shares are granted annually to the four non-employee
 directors pursuant to the automatic grant provisions of the 2001 Long-Term
 Incentive Plan. 

Item
 13. 
 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions and Director
 Independence. 

Effective
 April 1, 2004, we adopted an Executive Retirement, Non-Competition and
 Consulting Plan which was subsequently amended August 5, 2004 effective April
 1,
 2004, pursuant to which, following their retirement, selected officers will
 be
 entitled to receive a minimum payment of approximately 85,000 per year for
 a
 period of six years, provided, that such officers (i) provide a minimum amount
 of consulting days each month and (ii) agree to certain covenants not to
 compete. The annual payments are subject to 10 increases up to a maximum of
 136,893 per year. Pursuant to the Executive Retirement, Non-Competition and
 Consulting Plan, the selected officers are also entitled to receive health
 benefits for life, provided that there are no breaches of the covenants not
 to
 compete. Each of Messrs. Conway, and Grisanti are entitled to receive benefits
 under the plan. 

58 

Mr.
 Koop s employment contract expired on December 31, 2005 and he retired as
 President as of that date. He is still employed by Netsmart but not as an
 executive officer. As of December 2006, Mr. Koop was no longer a member of
 the
 Board of Directors. Upon his retirement as an employee, pursuant to the terms
 of
 our Executive Retirement, Non-Competition and Consulting Plan, Mr. Koop will
 receive 85,000 per year for each of the six years following his retirement;
 provided, that he complies with the non-competition covenants of the
 plan. 

Netsmart
 was a party to an employment agreement with John Phillips, a former Vice
 President. Mr. Phillip s employment contract expired on December 31, 2003 and he
 retired effective April 1, 2004. Pursuant to the terms of Netsmart s Executive
 Retirement, Non-Competition and Consulting Plan, Mr. Phillips will receive
 85,000 per year for each of the next six years; provided that he complies
 with
 the non-competition covenants of the plan. As of December 2006, Mr. Phillips
 was
 no longer a member of the Board of Directors. 

Each
 of
 Messrs. Calcagno, Gallagher, Sicinski and Shamash are independent in accordance
 with the categorical standars of independence included in NASD Rule 4200(a)(15),
 which includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not
 an
 employee of the companyand has not engaged in various types of business dealings
 with the company. All of the standing committees of the Board are composed
 of
 independent directors. 

In
 connection with the proposed merger transaction, we entered into the Conway
 Agreement and the Grisanti Agreement. For a detailed description of the
 provisions of these agreements, see Item 11 Executive Compensation-Current
 Executive Compensation Program Elements. 

Item
 14. 
 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and
 Services. 

Audit
 Fees 

We
 were
 billed by Marcum Kliegman LLP the aggregate amount of approximately
 401,200 in respect of fiscal 2006 Audit and Sarbanes-Oxley SOX Compliance
 and 337,000 in respect of fiscal 2005 for fees for professional services
 rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of our
 financial statements included in our Forms 10-K and 10-Q. 

Audit-Related
 Fees 

We
 were
 billed by Marcum Kliegman LLP in fiscal 2006 and 2005 in the amounts of
 99,100 and 99,200, respectively for assurance and related services such as
 for
 our 401K audit, and acquisition services, that were reasonably related to the
 performance of the audit or review of our financial statements that are not
 reported under the preceding paragraph i ncluding
 services rendered in connection with acquisitions, reviews of registration
 statements and issuances of related consents, audits of employees benefit plans
 and advice regarding common stock purchase warrants and Sox 404 related
 efforts. 

Tax
 Fees 

We
 were
 billed by Marcum Kliegman LLP the aggregate amount of 164,450 in respect
 of fiscal 2006 and 72,050 in respect of fiscal 2005 for fees for services
 consisting primarily of tax compliance, tax advice or tax planning in respect
 of
 the preparation of our federal and state tax returns. 

59 

All
 Other Fees 

Marcum
 Kliegman did not render any other services during fiscal 2006 and fiscal
 2005 that are not described in the preceding paragraphs. 

Auditor
 Independence 

Our
 Audit
 Committee has determined that the provision of services by Marcum Kliegman
 LLP other than for audit related services is compatible with maintaining the
 independence of Marcum Kliegman as our independent accountants.

Pre-Approval
 Policies 

Our
 Audit
 Committee has pre-approved the provision by Marcum Kliegman LLP of audit
 services and of non-prohibited audit related services for fees in an amount
 not
 to exceed an aggregate of 10,000 as well as 25,000 for acquisition due
 diligence services. Our Audit Committee has not otherwise adopted any blanket
 pre-approval policies. 

Our
 Audit
 Committee approved all of the services provided by Marcum Kliegman LLP and
 described in the preceding paragraphs. 

Part
 IV 

Item
 15. Exhibits,
 Financial Statements Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K. 

1. 
 
 Financial
 Statements 

Report
 of
 Marcum Kliegman LLP 

 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2004 and 2003 

 Consolidated
 Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2004, 2003
 and 

 2002 

 Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31,
 2004, 

 2003
 and
 2002 

 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2004, 2003
 and 

 2002 

 Notes
 to
 Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. 
 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules 

None 

3. 
 
 Exhibits 

3.1 

Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (Filed as an exhibit to
 the
 Registrant s registration statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-2550, which
 was declared effective by the Commission on August 13, 1996, and
 incorporated herein by reference.) 

3.2 

By-Laws
 (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s registration statement on Form
 S-1, File No. 333-2550, which was declared effective by the Commission
 on
 August 13, 1996, and incorporated herein by
 reference.) 

10.1 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated April 1, 2004, between the Registrant and James L.
 Conway
 (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s 10-Q dated May 5,
 2004.) 

10.2 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement dated April 1, 2004, between the Registrant and John F.
 Phillips
 (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s 10-Q dated May 5,
 2004.) 

10.3 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated April 1, 2004, between the Registrant and Gerald
 O. Koop
 (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s 10-Q dated May 5,
 2004.) 

10.4 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated April 1, 2004, between the Registrant and Anthony
 F.
 Grisanti (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s 10-Q dated May 5,
 2004.) 

10.6 

1993
 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s
 registration statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-2550, which was
 declared
 effective by the Commission on August 13, 1996, and incorporated
 herein by
 reference.) 

10.7 

1998
 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Filed as an appendix to the Registrant s proxy
 statement dated September 30, 1999, relating to its 1999 Annual Meeting
 of
 Stockholders and incorporated herein by
 reference.) 

60 

10.8 

1999
 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Filed as an appendix to the Registrant s proxy
 statement dated November 9, 2000, relating to its 2000 Annual Meeting
 of
 Stockholders and incorporated herein by
 reference.) 

10.9 
 
 2001
 Long-Term Incentive Plan - Amended (Filed as an exhibit to the
 Registrant s 8-K dated June 16,
 2005.) 

10.10 

1999
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Filed as an appendix to the Registrant s
 proxy statement dated November 9, 2000, relating to its 2000 Annual
 Meeting of Stockholders and incorporated herein by
 reference.) 

10.11 

Agreement
 dated June 1, 2001, between the Registrant and Fleet Bank (Filed
 as an
 exhibit to the Registrant s 10-K/A dated August 21,
 2003.) 

10.12 
 
 AIMS
 Acquisition Agreement (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s 8-K dated
 May 10, 2001.) 

10.13 

Agreement
 dated June 25, 2003, among Registrant, Creative Socio-Medics Corp.,
 Shuttle Data Systems Corp., d/b/a/ ADIA Information Management Corp.
 and
 Steven Heintz, Jr. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s 8-K dated July
 8, 2003.) 

10.14 

Lease
 agreement dated as of December 22, 2003, between Registrant and Spacely
 LLC. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s 10-K dated March 23,
 2004.) 

10.15 

Amended
 Executive Retirement, Non Competition and Consulting Plan. (Filed
 as an
 exhibit to the Registrant s 10-Q dated August 9,
 2004.) 

10.16 

Merger
 Agreement dated September 20, 2005, between CMHC Systems, Inc., Hayes
 Acquisition Corp., a newly-formed wholly-owned subsidiary of the
 Registrant, and John Paton, solely in the capacity of Securities
 Holders
 Representative. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated
 September 19, 2005.) 

10.17 

Revolving
 Credit and Term Loan Agreement with Netsmart Technologies, Inc. and
 the
 Bank of America, N.A. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K
 dated October 7, 2005.) 

10.18 

Asset
 Purchase Agreement dated June 17, 2005 between Addiction Management
 Systems, Inc. and Creative Socio-Medics Corp. (Filed as an exhibit
 to the
 Registrant s Form 8-K dated June 21,
 2005.) 

10.20 

Amendment
 No. 1 to Employment Agreement dated June 16, 2005, between the Registrant
 and James L. Conway. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K
 dated June 16, 2005.) 

10.21 

Amendment
 No. 1 to Employment Agreement dated June 16, 2005 between the Registrant
 and Anthony F. Grisanti. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K
 dated June 16, 2005.) 

10.22 

Asset
 Purchase Agreement dated April 27, 2005 between ContinuedLearning
 LLC and
 Creative Socio-Medics Corp. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form
 8-K dated April 27, 2005.) 

10.23 

Employment
 Agreement dated April 27, 2005 between Netsmart Technologies, Inc.
 and A.
 Sheree Graves. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated
 April 27, 2005.) 

10.24 

Letter
 Agreement between Griffin Securities, Inc. and Netsmart Technologies,
 Inc.
 dated as of August 9, 2005. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form
 S-3, File No. 333-129265.) 

10.25 

Letter
 Agreement between Griffin Securities, Inc. and Netsmart Technologies,
 Inc.
 dated as of October 11, 2005. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s
 Form S-3, File No. 333-129265.) 

10.26 

First
 Amendment and Waiver to Loan Agreement dated as of December 31, 2005
 between the Registrant and Bank of America, N.A. (Filed as an exhibit
 to
 Registrant s Form 8-K dated February 23,
 2006) 

10.27 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between the Registrant and Gerald Koop dated April 5, 2006(Filed
 as an exhibit to Registrant s Form 8-K dated April 5,
 2006) 

10.28 
 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement dated as of July 31, 2006 by and between QS
 Technologies, Inc. and Intelligent Systems Corporation, as Sellers
 and
 Netsmart Public Health, Inc., as Buyer and Netsmart Technologies,
 Inc.
 (Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Form 8-K dated August 1,
 2006) 

10.29 

Second
 Amendment and Waiver to Loan Agreement dated as of July 31, 2006
 between
 the Registrant and Bank of America, N.A. (Filed as an exhibit to
 Registrant s Form 8-K dated September 29,
 2006) 

10.30 

Merger
 Agreement dated November 18, 2006 between Netsmart Technologies,
 Inc., a
 Delaware corporation with NT Acquisition, Inc., NT Merger Sub, Inc.,and
 NT
 Acquisition, Inc. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated
 November 18, 2006.) 

10.31 

Amendment
 to employment agreement, between James L. Conway, dated as of November
 18,
 2006, with NT Investor Holdings, Inc., and the Registrant. (Filed
 as an
 exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K/A dated November 30,
 2006). 

10.32 

Amendment
 to employment agreement, between Anthony F. Grisanti, dated as of
 November
 18, 2006, with NT Investor Holdings, Inc., and the Registrant. (Filed
 as
 an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K/A dated November 30, 2006).

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent
 of Marcum Kliegman LLP 

24 
 
 Powers
 of Attorney (See Signature Page) 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer 

32 
 
 Certification
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section
 906 of
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

61 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 AND
 SUBSIDIARIES 

F-1 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND
 SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX 

Page
 to Page 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-3 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 

F-4 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Income 

F-6 
 F-7 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders' Equity 

F-8 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 

F-9 
 F-11 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-12 
 F-45 

.
 . . . . . . . . . 
.. 

F-2 

REPORT
 OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
 the
 Audit Committee of the 

 Board
 of
 Directors and Stockholders of 

 Netsmart
 Technologies, Inc. 

We
 have
 audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Netsmart Technologies,
 Inc. and Subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, and
 the
 related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and cash flows
 for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2006. These
 consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
 management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
 financial statements based on our audits. 

We
 conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
 Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
 plan
 and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
 consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit
 includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
 disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
 well
 as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
 our
 audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In
 our
 opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly,
 in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Netsmart
 Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries, as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, and
 the
 consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three
 years in the period ended December 31, 2006 in conformity with generally
 accepted accounting principles (United States). 

We
 have
 also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
 Oversight Board (United States), the effectiveness of the Company's internal
 control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006, based on the criteria
 established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
 of
 Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated, March
 7, 2007, expressed an unqualified opinion on management's assessment of the
 effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting and
 an
 adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
 financial reporting because of the existence of three material
 weaknesses. 

/s/
 Marcum Kliegman LLP 

Marcum
 Kliegman LLP 

 Melville,
 New York 

 March
 7,
 2007, except for the Note 16 as to which the date is March 14, 2007 

F-3 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 

2006 

2005 

Assets: 

Current
 Assets: 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents 

10,163,291 

11,445,525 

Accounts
 Receivable - Net 

16,370,032 

11,524,811 

Costs
 and Estimated Profits in Excess 

of
 Interim Billings 

2,936,575 

1,811,986 

Deferred
 taxes 

754,863 

1,594,863 

Other
 Current Assets 

1,607,490 

1,466,577 

Total
 Current Assets 

31,832,251 

27,843,762 

Property
 and Equipment - Net 

2,726,423 

2,665,429 

Other
 Assets: 

Goodwill 

18,445,646 

18,735,751 

Capitalized
 Software Costs - Net 

7,227,002 

6,534,551 

Customer
 Lists - Net 

9,898,827 

8,110,864 

Contract
 Backlog - Net 

-- 

379,500 

Other
 Assets 

394,404 

351,997 

Total
 Other Assets 

35,965,879 

34,112,663 

Total
 Assets 

70,524,553 

64,621,854 

See
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-4 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 

2006 

2005 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Equity: 

CurrentLiabilities: 

Current
 Portion - Long Term Debt 

951,802 

833,369 

Current
 Portion Capital Lease Obligations 

9,521 

61,315 

Accounts
 Payable 

2,799,952 

2,013,968 

Accrued
 Expenses 

2,893,531 

2,916,021 

Interim
 Billings in Excess of Costs and Estimated 

Profits 

4,995,402 

7,938,422 

Deferred
 Revenue 

16,424,427 

10,037,813 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

28,074,635 

23,800,908 

Long
 Term Debt - Less current portion 

2,257,328 

1,916,667 

Capital
 Lease Obligations - Less current portion 

-- 

9,521 

Interest
 Rate Swaps at Fair Value 

-- 

7,812 

Deferred
 Tax Liability 

883,091 

2,118,603 

Deferred
 Rent Payable 

538,185 

482,048 

Total
 Non Current Liabilities 

3,678,604 

4,534,651 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 

Stockholders 
 Equity: 

Preferred
 Stock - .01 Par Value, 3,000,000 

Shares
 Authorized; None issued and outstanding 

-- 

-- 

Common
 Stock - .01 Par Value; Authorized 

15,000,000
 Shares; Issued and outstanding 

6,787,396
 and 6,555,183 shares at December 31, 2006, 

6,719,517
 and 6,487,943 shares at December 31, 2005 

67,874 

67,195 

Additional
 Paid-in Capital 

40,622,043 

39,997,558 

Accumulated
 Comprehensive Income (Loss) - Interest 

Rate
 Swap 

6,780 

(7,812 

Accumulated
 Deficit 

(150,669 

(2,004,132 

40,546,028 

38,052,809 

Less:
 cost of shares of Common Stock held 

in
 treasury - 232,213 shares at December 31, 2006 

and
 231,574 shares at December 31, 2005 

1,774,714 

1,766,514 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

38,771,314 

36,286,295 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

70,524,553 

64,621,854 

See
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-5 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Year
 ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Revenues: 

Software
 and Related 

Systems
 and Services: 

Turnkey
 Systems 

27,156,766 

20,326,805 

16,931,606 

Maintenance
 Contract Services 

26,601,208 

13,317,744 

8,289,525 

Application
 Service Provider Services 

3,555,769 

2,538,457 

1,725,473 

Data
 Center Services 

1,735,940 

1,795,448 

2,058,240 

Total
 Revenues 

59,049,683 

37,978,454 

29,004,844 

Cost
 of Revenues: 

Software
 and Related 

Systems
 and Services: 

Turnkey
 Systems 

16,895,754 

11,682,754 

9,203,071 

Maintenance
 Contract Services 

9,327,734 

5,421,575 

4,168,975 

Application
 Service Provider Services 

2,230,290 

1,611,026 

926,333 

Data
 Center Services 

817,203 

887,169 

849,353 

Total
 Cost of Revenues 

29,270,981 

19,602,524 

15,147,732 

Gross
 Profit 

29,778,702 

18,375,930 

13,857,112 

Selling,
 General and 

Administrative
 Expenses 

19,087,284 

11,272,446 

7,293,865 

Research,
 Development and Maintenance 

6,552,541 

4,547,114 

3,498,448 

Total 

25,639,825 

15,819,560 

10,792,313 

Operating
 Income 

4,138,877 

2,556,370 

3,064,799 

Interest
 and Other Income 

376,998 

311,496 

126,379 

Interest
 and Other Expense 

(252,412 

(119,090 

(129,213 

Income
 before Income Tax 

4,263,463 

2,748,776 

3,061,965 

Income
 Tax 

2,410,000 

1,159,000 

309,000 

Net
 Income 

1,853,463 

1,589,776 

2,752,965 

See
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-6 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Year
 ended December
 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Earnings
 Per Share EPS of Common Stock 

Basic
 EPS 

.28 

.28 

.52 

Weighted
 Average Number of Shares of 

Common
 Stock Outstanding 

6,529,343 

5,684,191 

5,331,700 

Diluted
 EPS 

.27 

.27 

.50 

Weighted
 Average Number of Shares of 

Common
 Stock and Common Stock 

Equivalents
 Outstanding 

6,747,983 

5,935,405 

5,536,731 

See
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-7 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accumulated 

Comprehensive 

Additional 

Income
 (Loss) 

Total 

Common
 Stock 

Paid-In 

Accumulated 

Interest
 Rate 

Comprehensive 

Treasury
 Shares 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Swap 

Income 

Shares 

Amount 

Equity 

Balance
 - January 1, 2004 

5,528,247 

55,282 

29,010,212 

(6,346,873 

(59,068 

-- 

223,758 

(1,659,449 

21,000,104 

Common
 Stock Issued - Exercise of Options 

38,877 

389 

166,011 

-- 

-- 

-- 

4,166 

(53,533 

112,867 

Change
 in Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance 

-- 

-- 

717,000 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

717,000 

Change
 in Fair Value of Interest Rate Swap 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

43,916 

43,916 

-- 

-- 

43,916 

Net
 Income 

-- 

-- 

-- 

2,752,965 

-- 

2,752,965 

-- 

-- 

2,752,965 

2,796,881 

Balance
 - December 31, 2004 

5,567,124 

55,671 

29,893,223 

(3,593,908 

(15,152 

227,924 

(1,712,982 

24,626,852 

Common
 Stock Issued - Exercise of Options 

206,658 

2,067 

852,173 

-- 

-- 

-- 

3,650 

(53,532 

800,708 

Common
 Stock Issued - Private Placement 

490,000 

4,900 

4,488,204 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

4,493,104 

Cost
 Related to Private Placement 

-- 

-- 

(377,976 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

(377,976 

Common
 Stock Issued - Acquisitions 

455,735 

4,557 

5,101,934 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

5,106,491 

Change
 in Fair Value of Interest Rate Swaps 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

7,340 

7,340 

-- 

-- 

7,340 

Tax
 Benefit from Exercise of Options 

-- 

-- 

40,000 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

40,000 

Net
 Income 

-- 

-- 

-- 

1,589,776 

-- 

1,589,776 

-- 

-- 

1,589,776 

1,597,116 

Balance
 - December 31, 2005 

6,719,517 

67,195 

39,997,558 

(2,004,132 

(7,812 

231,574 

(1,766,514 

36,286,295 

Common
 Stock Issued - Exercise of Options And
 Warrants 

64,390 

644 

569,711 

-- 

-- 

-- 

639 

(8,200 

562,155 

Shares
 Issued for Services 

3,489 

35 

44,965 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

45,000 

Change
 in Fair Value of Interest Rate Swap 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

14,592 

14,592 

-- 

-- 

14,592 

Costs
 Related to 2005 Private Placement 

-- 

-- 

(158,349 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

(158,349 

Share-Based
 Compensation Expense 

-- 

-- 

120,158 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

120,158 

Tax
 Benefit from Exercise of Options 

-- 

-- 

48,000 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

48,000 

Net
 Income 

-- 

-- 

-- 

1,853,463 

-- 

1,853,463 

-- 

-- 

1,853,463 

1,868,055 

Balance
 - December 31, 2006 

6,787,396 

67,874 

40,622,043 

(150,669 

6,780 

232,213 

(1,774,714 

38,771,314 

See
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-8 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year
 ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Operating
 Activities: 

Net
 Income 

1,853,463 

1,589,776 

2,752,965 

Adjustments
 to Reconcile Net Income 

to
 Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities: 

Depreciation
 and Amortization 

4,317,317 

2,451,456 

1,624,393 

Share-Based
 Compensation 

165,158 

-- 

-- 

Provision
 for Doubtful Accounts 

770,727 

465,004 

(204,000 

Excess
 tax Benefit from Exercise of Options 

48,000 

40,000 

-- 

Deferred
 Income Taxes 

121,488 

805,431 

122,000 

Changes
 in Assets and Liabilities: 

[Increase]
 Decrease in: 

Accounts
 Receivable 

(5,615,948 

953,963 

(3,506,210 

Costs
 and Estimated Profits in 

Excess
 of Interim Billings 

(982,438 

(840,448 

1,180,150 

Other
 Current Assets 

13,055 

(686,023 

(54,795 

Other
 Assets 

(71,460 

(258,856 

28,431 

Increase
 [Decrease] in: 

Accounts
 Payable 

693,340 

(3,274,348 

243,165 

Accrued
 Expenses 

563,300 

(681,174 

(43,046 

Deferred
 Rent Payable 

56,137 

26,621 

455,427 

Interim
 Billings in Excess of 

Costs
 and Estimated Profits 

(2,943,020 

440,649 

234,488 

Deferred
 Revenue 

4,353,341 

945,721 

(197,705 

Total
 Adjustments 

1,392,997 

387,996 

(117,702 

Net
 Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

3,246,460 

1,977,772 

2,635,263 

Investing
 Activities: 

Acquisition
 of Property and 

Equipment 

(1,144,482 

(458,092 

(1,328,050 

Capitalized
 Software Development 

-- 

(42,000 

(185,000 

Business
 Acquisitions - Net of 4,218,614 

of
 Acquired Cash in 2005 

2,798,797 

(12,554,994 

(16,263 

Net
 Cash Used In Investing Activities 

3,943,279 

(13,055,086 

(1,529,313 

See
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-9 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year
 ended December
 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Financing
 Activities: 

Payment
 of Capitalized Lease Obligations 

(61,315 

(60,327 

(61,416 

Proceeds
 from Term Loan 

-- 

2,500,000 

-- 

Repayment
 of Promissory Note 

Assumed
 in Acquisition 

-- 

(494,413 

Cost
 Related to Private Placement 

(158,349 

-- 

-- 

Net
 Proceeds from Stock Options and 

Warrants
 Exercised 

562,155 

800,708 

112,867 

Net
 Proceeds from Private Placement 

-- 

4,115,128 

-- 

Payments
 of Long-Term Debt 

(975,906 

(749,992 

(666,659 

Excess
 tax benefit from Exercise of Option 

48,000 

-- 

-- 

Net
 Cash (Used in) Provided by 

Financing
 Activities 

(585,415 

6,111,104 

(615,208 

Net
 (Decrease) Increase in Cash 

and
 Cash Equivalents 

(1,282,234 

(4,966,210 

490,742 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents - 

Beginning
 of Year 

11,445,525 

16,411,735 

15,920,993 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents - 

End
 of Year 

10,163,291 

11,445,525 

16,411,735 

Supplemental
 Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash
 paid during the years for: 

Interest 

246,171 

107,810 

132,635 

Income
 Taxes 

2,465,338 

338,254 

237,879 

Supplemental
 Disclosures of Non-Cash Investing and Financing
 Activities: 

Year
 Ended December 31, 2006 : 

The
 fair
 value of the interest rate swap increased by 14,592 for the year ended December
 31, 2006. 

On
 August
 1, 2006, Netsmart Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company ), acquired
 certain assets, including computer software, customer lists and computer
 equipment of QS Technologies, Inc. QS ). The purchase price totaled
 approximately 5,466,000 as follows: an initial payment of 1,900,000 in cash
 and a three year 1,435,000 promissory note paid monthly, at an annual rate
 of
 8.25 together with the assumption of approximately 2,095,000 in net
 liabilities, consisting principally of deferred revenue, and acquisition costs
 of approximately 36,000. 

During
 2006, the Company received 639 shares of its common stock in consideration
 for
 the cashless exercise of certain stock options. The value of the shares received
 was 8,200, which was the market value of the common stock on the date of
 exercise. 

During
 2006, the Company issued, 3,489 shares of its common stock in connection with
 an
 investor relations agreement. 

F-10 

During
 2006, the Company analyzed the value of the assets previously acquired from
 CMHC
 Systems, Inc. CMHC ), as more fully described below, and increased deferred
 revenue by 151,218 and accrued expenses by 342,766, offset by an increase
 in
 deferred tax assets of 517,000. It also settled its working capital payoff
 by
 paying 524,935 in settlement of 792,024, which was the original provision.
 As
 a result accrued expenses were reduced by 267,089. The above adjustments
 resulted in a net decrease to goodwill in the amount of 290,105. 

Year
 Ended December 31, 2005 

During
 2005, the Company acquired for 489,238 in cash and stock, the software,
 customer lists and other assets of ContinuedLearning LLC. The consideration
 consisted of 252,917 in cash plus 20,000 shares of common stock, valued at
 191,400, based upon the average weighted stock price of 9.57 for the period
 commencing three days before and ending three days after the acquisition was
 agreed to and announced. The consideration also included the assumption of
 44,921 for certain liabilities for services to be performed in the future.
 The
 agreement also included contingent consideration of 250,000 if certain revenue
 targets were met within one year of the closing of the acquisition, which closed
 on April 28, 2005. Based upon results through the end of fiscal 2005, the
 Company has provided for the full 250,000 of this contingent consideration
 and
 has adjusted the related balance sheet accounts accordingly. The 250,000
 additional provision is included in accrued expenses. These revenue targets
 were
 met during 2006 and the 250,000 has been paid. 

During
 2005, the Company acquired for 3,610,682, the software, customer lists and
 other assets of Addiction Management Systems. The consideration consisted of
 2,641,945 in cash plus legal fees of 19,904 and the assumption of 948,833
 for
 certain liabilities for services to be performed in the future. 

During
 2005, the Company acquired 100 of the equity interest in CMHC. The purchase
 price totaled approximately 19,565,956 as follows: 435,735 shares of Netsmart s
 common stock (valued at 4,915,091), 12,994,758 in cash plus additional cash
 consideration initially estimated at 792,024 required by the working capital
 adjustment , calculated and payable in accordance with the merger agreement, and
 acquisition costs of 864,083. The value of the 435,735 shares of common stock
 was based upon the average weighted stock price of 11.28 for the period
 commencing three days before and ending three days after the acquisition was
 agreed to and announced. The working capital adjustment was finalized in fiscal
 2006, resulting in a reduction in accrued expenses, as more fully described
 above. 

During
 2005, the Company received 3,650 shares of its common stock as consideration
 for
 the exercise of certain stock options. The value of the shares received was
 53,533, which was the market value of the common stock on the date of
 exercise. 

Year
 Ended December 31, 2004 : 

During
 2004, the Company received 4,166 shares of its common stock as consideration
 for
 the exercise of certain stock options. The value of the shares received was
 53,533, which was the market value of the common stock on the date of
 exercise. 

During
 2004, the Company acquired for 250,000 TxM software and customer lists. The
 consideration consisted of 16,263 in cash and the assumption of 233,707 for
 certain liabilities for services to be performed in the future. 

The
 fair
 value of the interest rate swap decreased by 43,916 for the year ended December
 31, 2004. At December 31, 2004, it is valued at 15,152. 

See
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-11 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[1]
 The Company 

The
 Company licenses, customizes and installs its proprietary software products,
 operates a service bureau Data Center Services and provides Application
 Service Provider ASP Services and enters into long term maintenance
 agreements with behavioral health and public health organizations, methadone
 clinics and other substance abuse facilities throughout the United States.
 The
 Company currently classifies it operations in five business segments: (1)
 Software and Related Systems and Services - New York (2) Software and Related
 Systems and Services - Ohio (3) Software and Related Systems and Services -
 Public Health (4) Data Center Services and (5) Application Service Provider
 Services ASP ). Software and Related Systems and Services for each of the NY,
 Public Health and Ohio segments refer to the design, installation,
 implementation and maintenance of computer information systems that provide
 comprehensive healthcare information technology solutions including billing,
 patient tracking and scheduling for inpatient and out patient environments,
 as
 well as clinical documentation and medical record generation and management.
 Within these segments are large turnkey and small turnkey components. The large
 turnkey components consist mostly of the Avatar suite of products. When the
 Company is engaged in a fixed price arrangement, these large turnkey
 installations will usually extend over a six-month to a multi-year time period;
 these installations are performed in the New York segment. The duration of
 the
 implementation is dependant on the size and complexity of the customer
 organization and the specifics of the implementation. The small turnkey
 components are usually completed within a six-month period. Small turnkey
 contracts performed in the New York segment are mostly related to the Avatar
 methadone related products. The small turnkey contracts in the Ohio and Public
 Health segments are for system installations for behavioral healthcare and
 public health information management software for mental health, substance
 abuse, and addiction services agencies, developmental disability centers and
 behavioral health-related managed care organizations. Revenue for these segments
 is recognized based on the nature of the product sold. See note 2. 

The
 Data
 Center Services involve Company personnel performing data entry and data
 processing services for customers. ASP services involve the Company offering
 several of it software products on a virtual private network or internet
 delivery approach, thereby allowing its customers to utilize the Company s
 products and pay on a monthly service basis. 

[2]
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Principles
 of Consolidation - 
 The
 Consolidated Financial Statements include Netsmart Technologies, Inc.
 Netsmart ), and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Netsmart New York, Inc.,
 NTST-NY formerly Creative Socio-Medics Corp. CSM ), Netsmart Ohio, Inc.,
 NTST-Ohio ), formerly CMHC and Netsmart Public Health Inc., NTST-PH which
 acquired the assets of QS Technologies, Inc. QS ). In addition, the results of
 operations from the ContinuedLearning LLC CL acquisition are included from
 April 28, 2005, the results of operations from the Addictions Management
 Systems, Inc. AMS acquisition are included from June 20, 2005, the results
 of operations of the NTST- Ohio acquisition are included from October 1, 2005,
 and the results of operations from the NTST-PH acquisition are included from
 August 1, 2006 (see note 5). All intercompany transactions are eliminated in
 consolidation. 

Estimates
 - 
 The
 preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
 estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
 liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
 of
 the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
 the 

F-12 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[2]
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies -
 [Continued] 

reporting
 period. Critical estimates include management s judgements associated with: the
 application of the percentage of completion method to the recognition of
 revenue, determination of an allowance for doubtful accounts receivable,
 deferred income tax valuation allowance, the application of purchase accounting
 to the Company s acquisitions and the capitalization, impairment analysis,
 depreciation and amortization of certain long-term assets. Actual results could
 differ from those estimates. 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents 
 - The
 Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased with a maturity of
 three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents totaled
 approximately 6,786,000 and 8,218,000 at December 31, 2006 and 2005,
 respectively. 

Concentration
 of Credit Risk - The
 Company extends credit to customers which results in accounts receivable and
 costs and estimated profits in excess of interim billings arising from its
 normal business activities. The Company does not require collateral or other
 security to support financial instruments subject to credit risk. The Company
 routinely assesses the financial strength of its customers and based upon
 factors surrounding the credit risk of the customers, believes that its accounts
 receivable credit risk exposure is limited. If the financial condition of the
 Company s customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their
 ability to make payments, additional allowances might be required. In addition,
 since the Company evaluates each account and invoice on a case-by-case basis,
 the provision could vary from period to period. 

The
 Company s behavioral health information systems are marketed to specialized care
 facilities, many of which are operated by various state and local government
 entities and include entitlement programs. During the years ended December
 31,
 2006, 2005 and 2004, approximately 40 , 44 and 49 respectively, of the
 Company s revenue were generated from contracts directly or indirectly with
 government agencies. 

No
 one
 customer accounted for more than 10 of consolidated revenue for the years
 ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004. 

The
 Company places its cash and cash equivalents with high credit quality financial
 institutions. The amount on deposit in any one institution that exceeds
 federally insured limits is subject to credit risk. At December 31, 2006 and
 2005, cash and cash equivalent balances of 10.0 million and 11.3 million
 respectively, were held at a financial institution in excess of federally
 insured limits. 

Revenue
 Recognition - 
 The
 Company presents its revenue in four different categories: Software and Related
 Systems and Services- Turnkey, Software and Related Systems and Services-
 Maintenance, ASP Services and Data Center Services, as follows: 

Software
 and Related Systems and Services- Turnkey 

The
 Company recognizes large turnkey revenue from long-term (six months or longer),
 fixed price contracts for financial statement purposes under the percentage
 of
 completion method when significant modification of the software package is
 required to meet the customer specifications. The percentage of completion
 method takes into account progress towards completion of a contract using time
 spent by technical personnel on a particular project as the measuring standard.
 Revisions in cost estimates and 

F-13 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[2]
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies -
 [Continued] 

recognition
 of losses on these contracts are reflected in the accounting period in which
 the
 facts become known. Contract terms provide for billing schedules that differ
 from revenue recognition and give rise to costs and estimated profits in excess
 of billings, and billings in excess of costs and estimated profits. 

The
 Company recognizes small turnkey revenue from short-term (less than six months),
 fixed price contracts for financial statement purposes under the completed
 contract method. Payments received in advance by customers are deferred until
 earned and represented as deferred revenue in the accompanying balance
 sheet. 

The
 Company also enters into multiple element arrangements contracts which do not
 require significant customization and modification, in which it includes a
 software license, one year s maintenance and sometimes training. In accordance
 with Statement of Position 97-2 Software Revenue Recognition , as amended,
 revenue is allocated using the residual method. The Company sells both annual
 maintenance contracts and training separately, with long established pricing
 to
 its customers. Annual maintenance contracts are generally sold at a fee based
 upon a percentage of the underlying software license. The Company also sells
 training separately with established per diem rates for its trainers.
 Accordingly, the Company uses vendor specific objective evidence to ascertain
 the fair values of all undelivered elements in a multiple element arrangement.
 The residual amount is allocated to the software license. Each of these
 components is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,
 delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed and determinable and collectibility
 is
 probable. 

The
 Company also derives revenue from the sale of third party hardware and software
 which is recognized based upon the terms of each contract. These sources of
 revenue, which do not require significant customization or modification, are
 recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has
 occurred, the fee is fixed and determinable and collectibility is
 probable. 

Software
 and Related Systems and Services- Maintenance 

 Maintenance
 contract revenue consists of services provided to customers for telephone help
 services, as well as maintaining and upgrading the software, including ongoing
 enhancements. The Company s maintenance contracts may require it to make
 modifications to meet any new federal or state reporting requirements which
 become effective during the term of the maintenance contract. Maintenance
 contract revenue sold under separate contractual arrangements is recognized
 on a
 straight-line basis over the life of the respective contract. 

The
 cost
 of maintenance revenue, which consists solely of staff payroll and applicable
 overhead, is expensed as incurred. 

ASP
 Services 

 ASP
 Services consist of the Company s offering of its Avatar suite of products,
 including CareNet, Continued Learning (now Netsmart University) and InfoScriber
 products, on a virtual private network or internet delivery approach. This
 service allows the Company s customers to rapidly deploy its products and pay on
 a monthly service basis instead of making a capital intensive investment in
 the
 purchase of the system at their own facility. ASP Services contract revenue,
 sold under separate contractual arrangements, is recognized on a straight-line
 basis over the life of the respective contract. 

F-14 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[2]
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies -
 [Continued] 

Data
 Center Services 

 Information
 processing revenue, which represents Data Center Services, is recognized in
 the
 period in which the service is provided. The Data Center provides software
 which
 performs clinical and billing services for outpatient facilities, including
 mental health, alcohol and substance abuse facilities. Data Center services
 include statistical reporting, data entry, electronic billing and submission.
 The Company bills its clients on a transaction basis or on a fixed monthly
 fee
 arrangement. Revenue is recognized as the services are performed. 

Property
 and Equipment and Depreciation and Amortization - Property
 and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization.
 Depreciation of property and equipment is computed using the straight-line
 method at rates adequate to allocate the cost of applicable assets over their
 expected useful lives. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using
 the shorter of the lease term or the expected useful life of these
 assets. 

Estimated
 useful lives are as follows: 

Equipment 

3-7
 Years 

Furniture
 and Fixtures 

5-10
 Years 

Leasehold
 Improvements 

Life
 of the Lease 

Capitalized
 Software Costs - 
 Capitalization of computer software development costs begins upon the
 establishment of technological feasibility. Technological feasibility for the
 Company s computer software products is generally based upon achievement of a
 detail program design free of high risk development issues. The Company
 capitalizes only those costs directly attributable to the development of the
 software. The establishment of technological feasibility and the ongoing
 assessment of recoverability of capitalized computer software development costs
 requires considerable judgment by management with respect to certain external
 factors, including, but not limited to, technological feasibility, anticipated
 future gross revenue, estimated economic life and changes in software and
 hardware technology. Prior to reaching technological feasibility these costs
 are
 expensed as incurred and included in research, development and maintenance.
 Activities undertaken after the products are available for general release
 to
 customers to correct errors or keep the product updated are expensed as incurred
 and included in research, development and maintenance. Amortization of
 capitalized computer software development costs commences when the related
 products become available for general release to customers. Amortization is
 provided on a product by product basis and is included in the applicable cost
 of
 revenue. The annual amortization is the greater of the amount computed using
 (a)
 the ratio that current gross revenue for a product bears to the total of current
 and anticipated future gross revenue for that product or (b) the straight-line
 method over the remaining estimated economic life of the product. The estimated
 life of these products range from 3 to 8 years. 

The
 Company periodically performs reviews of the recoverability of such capitalized
 software costs. At the time a determination is made that capitalized amounts
 are
 not recoverable based on the estimated cash flows to be generated from the
 applicable software, any remaining capitalized amounts are written
 off. 

F-15 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[2]
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies -
 [Continued] 

The
 amounts allocated to purchased software development costs related to the NTST-PH
 acquisition in 2006, NTST-Ohio, CL and AMS acquisitions in 2005 (see note 5),
 totaled 2,305,881, 3,300,000, 692,020 and 2,050,700,
 respectively. 

Capitalized
 software development costs applicable to operations are as follows: 

Year
 ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Beginning
 of Year 

6,534,551 

1,132,453 

1,087,116 

Capitalized 

2,305,881 

6,084,720 

334,872 

Amortization 

(1,613,430 

(682,622 

(289,535 

Net 

7,227,002 

6,534,551 

1,132,453 

Customer
 Lists 
 -
 Customer lists represent a listing of customers obtained through the
 acquisitions of CSM, Johnson Computing System, Johnson ), Advanced
 Institutional Management Systems AIMS ), CareNet, NTST-Ohio, CL, AMS and
 NTST-PH (see note 5), and other to which the Company can market its products.
 Customer lists are being amortized on a straight line method over an estimated
 useful life of 20 years for the NTST -Ohio list, 12 years for the NTST - NY
 and
 Johnson lists, 10 years for the NTST-PH list, 9 years for the CareNet list,
 8
 years for the AMS list, 7 years for the AIMS list, 3 years for the CL lists
 and
 6 years for the other list. The amount allocated to customer lists related
 to
 the NTST-PH, NTST-Ohio, AMS and CL acquisitions are 2,965,100, 5,300,000,
 1,396,902 and 5,218, respectively. 

Customer
 lists at December 31, 2006 and 2005 are as follows: 

December
 31, 

2006 

2005 

Customer
 Lists 

15,948,519 

12,983,419 

Less:
 Accumulated Amortization 

(6,049,692 

(4,872,555 

Net 

9,898,827 

8,110,864 

Amortization
 expense amounted to 1,177,137, 770,493 and 606,352, respectively, for the
 years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 and is included in selling, general
 and administrative expenses. 

Future
 amortization of customer lists are approximately 1,037,000, 929,000, 890,000,
 864,000 and 858,000 for the years ending December 31, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010
 and 2011 respectively, and 5,321,000 thereafter. 

Contract
 Backlog -
 Contract backlog represented profit to be earned on customer contracts and
 purchase orders that were not fully completed as of the acquisition date of
 NTST- Ohio, but are expected to be completed at some future point. As a result,
 there was still revenue and profits to be earned on these orders. 

F-16 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[2]
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies -
 [Continued] 

Contract
 backlog costs were amortized over a one-year period commencing October 1, 2005
 through September 30, 2006. Contract backlog costs at December 31, 2006 are
 as
 follows: 

Contract
 backlog 

502,000 

Less:
 Accumulated Amortization 

(502,000 

Net 

-- 

Amortization
 expense amounted to 379,500 for the year ended December 31, 2006. 

Pursuant
 to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for
 the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed
 of", the Company evaluates its long-lived assets for financial impairment,
 and
 continues to evaluate them as events or changes in circumstances indicate that
 the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully recoverable. 

The
 Company evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets by measuring the
 carrying amount of the assets against the estimated undiscounted future cash
 flows associated with them. At the time such evaluations indicate that the
 future undiscounted cash flows of certain long-lived assets are not sufficient
 to recover the carrying value of such assets, the assets are adjusted to their
 fair values. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill
 in the amount of 18,445,646 resulted from the acquisition of NTST-Ohio (See
 note 5). Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at least on
 an
 annual basis or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate
 that the asset might be impaired. We determined that there was no impairment
 of
 goodwill at December 31, 2006. 

Stock
 Options and Similar Equity Instruments 
 - At
 December 31, 2006, the Company had three stock-based employee compensation
 plans
 as well as outstanding inducement options granted to certain employees of
 NTST-Ohio, which are described more fully in note 13. Effective January 1,
 2006,
 the Company adopted the fair value recognition provisions of Statement of
 Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No. 123 (Revised 2004), Share-Based
 Payment, (SFAS 123R), using the modified -prospective-transition method. As a
 result, the Company s income before taxes for the year ended December 31, 2006
 is 120,158 lower than if it had continued to account for share -based
 compensation under Accounting Principles Board APB Opinion No. 25,
 Accounting For Stock Issued to Employees . 

The
 Company has 197,276 of stock based compensation expense remaining to be
 recognized over the period January 2007 through October 2008. 

As
 permitted under SFAS No. 148, Accounting for Stock-Based
 Compensation--Transition and Disclosure , which amended SFAS No. 123 (SFAS 123),
 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, the Company elected to continue to
 follow the intrinsic value method in accounting for its stock-based employee
 compensation arrangements, as defined by APB Opinion No. 25, Accounting for
 Stock Issued to Employees, and related interpretations including Financial
 Accounting Standards Board 

F-17 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[2]
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies -
 [Continued] 

Interpretation
 No. 44, Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving Stock Compensation, an
 interpretation of APB No. 25 for the periods up to and including December 31,
 2005. No stock-based employee compensation cost is reflected in net income
 for
 periods prior to December 31, 2005, as all options granted under those plans
 had
 an exercise price equal to the market value of the underlying common stock
 on
 the date of grant. The following table illustrates the effect on net income
 and
 earnings per share if the Company had applied the fair value recognition
 provisions of SFAS 123 to stock-based employee compensation for periods prior
 to
 December 31, 2005. 

Year
 ended 

December
 31, 

2005 

2004 

Net
 Income as Reported 

1,589,776 

2,752,965 

Deduct:
 Total stock-based employee compensation 

expense
 determined under the fair value-based 

method
 for all awards, net of related tax effect 

1,724,201 

1,368,139 

Pro
 Forma Net (Loss) Income 

(134,425 

1,384,826 

Basic
 Net Income Per Share as Reported 

.28 

.52 

Basic
 Pro Forma Net (Loss) Income Per Share 

(.02 

.26 

Diluted
 Net Income Per Share as Reported 

.27 

.50 

Diluted
 Pro Forma Net (Loss) Income Per Share 

(.02 

.25 

The
 fair
 value of options at date of grant was estimated using the Black-Scholes fair
 value based method with the following weighted average assumptions: 

2005 

2004 

Expected
 Life (Years) 

5 

5 

Interest
 Rate 

4.00 

4.00 

Annual
 Rate of Dividends 

0 

0 

Volatility 

65 

68 

The
 weighted average fair value of options at date of grant using the fair value
 based method during 2005 and 2004 is estimated at 5.39, and 3.95,
 respectively. 

F-18 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[2]
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies -
 [Continued] 

Earnings
 Per Share - 
 Basic
 earnings per share of common stock is computed by dividing net income by the
 weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.
 Diluted earnings per share reflects the amount of earnings for the period
 available to each share of common stock outstanding during the reporting period,
 giving effect to all potentially dilutive shares of common stock from the
 potential exercise of stock options and warrants. 

The
 computation of diluted earnings per share does not assume conversion, exercise
 or contingent issuance of securities that would have an antidilutive effect
 on
 earnings per share (i.e. improving earnings per share). The dilutive effect
 of
 outstanding options and warrants and their equivalents are reflected in diluted
 earnings per share by the application of the treasury stock method. Options
 and
 warrants will have a dilutive effect only when the average market price of
 the
 common stock during the period exceeds the exercise price of the options or
 warrants. The Company had potentially dilutive options and warrants outstanding
 of 39,900, 30,000 and 300,780 during the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005
 and
 2004, respectively, that were not included in the calculation of diluted
 earnings per share because they were anti dilutive. 

The
 following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per
 share: 

Year
 ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Numerator: 

Net
 Income 

1,853,463 

1,589,776 

2,752,965 

Denominator: 

Weighted
 average shares 

6,529,343 

5,684,191 

5,331,700 

Effect
 of dilutive securities: 

Employee
 stock options 

200,733 

244,416 

205,031 

Stock
 warrants 

17,907 

6,798 

--

Dilutive
 potential common shares 

218,640 

251,214 

205,031 

Denominator
 for diluted earnings per 

share-adjusted
 weighted average shares 

after
 assumed conversions 

6,747,983 

5,953,405 

5,536,731 

Advertising
 - Advertising
 costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense amounted to 634,986,
 395,476 and 392,575 for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004,
 respectively. 

Financial
 Instruments - 
 SFAS No.
 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities as amended,
 requires the recognition of all derivative instruments as either assets or
 liabilities on the balance sheet measured at fair value. Generally, increases
 or
 decreases in the fair value of a derivative instrument will be recognized as
 gains or losses in earnings in the period of change. If the derivative
 instrument is designated and qualifies as a cash flow hedge, the change in
 fair
 value of the derivative instrument will be recorded as a separate component
 of
 stockholders equity. 

F-19 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[2]
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies -
 [Continued] 

The
 Company entered into interest rate swaps to hedge exposure related to changes
 in
 the LIBOR rate. Before entering into a derivative transaction for hedging
 purposes, it is determined that a high degree of initial effectiveness exists
 between the change in value of the hedged item and the change in the value
 of
 the determinative instrument from movement in interest rates. High effectiveness
 means that the change in the value of the derivative instrument will effectively
 offset the change in the fair value of the hedged item. The effectiveness of
 each hedged item is measured throughout the hedged period. Any hedge
 ineffectiveness as defined by SFAS No. 133 is recognized in the income
 statement. 

New
 Accounting Pronouncements 

In
 February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, The Fair Value Option for
 Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities SFAS 159 ). SFAS 159
 provides companies with an option to report selected financial assets and
 liabilities at fair value. The objective of SFAS 159 is to reduce
 both complexity in accounting for financial instruments and the volatility
 in
 earnings caused by measuring related assets and liabilities differently.
 Generally accepted accounting principles have required different measurement
 attributes for different assets and liabilities that can create artificial
 volatility in earnings. The FASB has indicated it believes that
 SFAS 159 helps to mitigate this type of accounting-induced volatility by
 enabling companies to report related assets and liabilities at fair value,
 which
 would likely reduce the need for companies to comply with detailed rules for
 hedge accounting. SFAS 159 also establishes presentation and disclosure
 requirements designed to facilitate comparisons between companies that choose
 different measurement attributes for similar types of assets and liabilities.
 SFAS 159 does not eliminate disclosure requirements included in other
 accounting standards, including requirements for disclosures about fair value
 measurements included in SFAS 157 and SFAS No. 107, Disclosures about Fair
 Value of Financial Instruments. SFAS 159 is effective for the Company as of the
 beginning of fiscal year 2009. The Company has not yet determined the impact
 SFAS 159 may have on its consolidated financial position, results of operations,
 or cash flows. 

In
 December 2006, the FASB approved FASB Staff Position (FSP) No. EITF
 00-19-2, Accounting for Registration Payment Arrangements FSP EITF
 00-19-2 ), which specifies that the contingent obligation to make future
 payments or otherwise transfer consideration under a registration payment
 arrangement, whether issued as a separate agreement or included as a provision
 of a financial instrument or other agreement, should be separately recognized
 and measured in accordance with SFAS No. 5, Accounting for
 Contingencies . FSP EITF 00-19-2 also requires additional disclosure
 regarding the nature of any registration payment arrangements, alternative
 settlement methods, the maximum potential amount of consideration and the
 current carrying amount of the liability, if any. The guidance in
 FSP EITF 00-19-2 amends FASB Statements No. 133, Accounting for
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities , and No. 150, Accounting for
 Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and
 Equity , and FASB Interpretation No. 45, Guarantor s Accounting and Disclosure
 Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness
 of
 Others , to include scope exceptions for registration payment arrangements.
 FSP EITF 00-19-2 is effective immediately for registration payment
 arrangements and the financial instruments subject to those arrangements that
 are entered into or modified subsequent to the issuance date of this FSP, or
 for
 financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006,
 and interim periods within those fiscal years, for registration payment
 arrangements entered into prior to the issuance date of this FSP. The adoption
 of this pronouncement is not expected to have an impact on the Company s
 consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash
 flows. 

F-20 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[2]
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies -
 [Continued] 

In
 September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements SFAS
 157 ). This statement defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring
 fair value in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
 United States GAAP ), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.
 SFAS 157 does not require any new fair value measurements. However, for some
 entities, the application of SFAS 157 will change current practice. SFAS 157
 is
 effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
 November 15, 2007, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with earlier
 application permitted. The Company does not expect SFAS 157 to have a material
 impact on the Company s financial position or results of
 operations. 

In
 September 2006, the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission issued
 Staff
 Accounting Bulletin No. 108 SAB 108 which provides interpretive guidance on
 how the effects of the carryover or reversal of prior year misstatements should
 be considered in quantifying a current year misstatement. SAB 108 becomes
 effective in fiscal 2007. Adoption of SAB 108 did not have a material impact
 on
 the Company s consolidated financial position or results of
 operations. 

In
 July
 2006, the FASB released FASB Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty
 in Income Taxes, an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 FIN 48 ). FIN 48
 clarifies the accounting and reporting for uncertainties in income tax law.
 FIN
 48 prescribes a comprehensive model for the financial statement recognition,
 measurement, presentation and disclosure of uncertain tax positions taken or
 expected to be taken in income tax returns. FIN 48 shall be effective for fiscal
 years beginning after December 15, 2006. The cumulative effects, if any, of
 applying FIN 48 will be recorded as an adjustment to retained earnings as of
 the
 beginning of the period of adoption. The Company has commenced the process
 of
 evaluating the expected effect of FIN 48 on its financial position and results
 of operations and is currently unable to determine such effects. 

In
 March
 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 156, Accounting for Servicing of Financial
 Assets SFAS 156 ), which amends SFAS 140, "Accounting for Transfers and
 Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities, with respect
 to the accounting for separately recognized servicing assets and servicing
 liabilities. SFAS 156 permits the choice of the amortization method or the
 fair
 value measurement method, with changes in fair value recorded in income for
 the
 subsequent measurement for each class of separately recognized servicing assets
 and servicing liabilities. The statement is effective for years beginning after
 September 15, 2006, with earlier adoption permitted. The Company does not expect
 SFAS 156 to have a material impact on the Company's financial position or
 results of operations. 

In
 October 2005, the FASB issued FSP FAS 123(R)-2, Practical Accommodation to the
 Application of Grant Date as Defined in FASB Statement No. 123(R) , which
 provides clarification of the concept of mutual understanding between employer
 and employee with respect to the grant date of a share-based payment award.
 This
 FSP provides that a mutual understanding of the key terms and conditions of
 an
 award shall be presumed to exist on the date the award is approved by management
 if the recipient does not have the ability to negotiate the key terms and
 conditions of the award and those key terms and conditions will be communicated
 to the individual recipient within a relatively short time period after the
 date
 of approval. This guidance was applicable upon the initial adoption of SFAS
 123(R). The adoption of this pronouncement did not have an impact on the
 Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash
 flows. 

F-21 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[3]
 Accounts Receivable 

Accounts
 receivable is shown net of allowance for doubtful accounts of 682,409 and
 350,291 at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The changes in the
 allowance for doubtful accounts are summarized as follows: 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

Beginning
 Balance 

443,666 

517,095 

Provision
 (credit) for Doubtful Accounts 

770,727 

465,004 

Charge-offs 

(531,984 

(538,433 

Ending
 Balance 

682,409 

443,666 

[4]
 Costs, estimated profits, and billings on uncompleted contracts are summarized
 as follows: 

December
 31, 

2006 

2005 

Costs
 Incurred on Uncompleted Contracts 

10,032,972 

5,389,787 

Estimated
 Profits 

3,599,608 

3,028,931 

Total 

13,632,580 

8,418,718 

Billings
 to Date 

15,691,407 

14,545,154 

Net 

(2,058,827 

(6,126,436 

Included
 in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet under the following
 captions: 

Costs
 and estimated profits in excess of interim billings 

2,936,575 

1,811,986 

Interim
 billings in excess of costs and estimated profits 

(4,995,402 

(7,938,422 

Net 

(2,058,827 

(6,126,436 

F-22 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[5]
 Acquisitions 

On
 August
 1, 2006, the Company acquired certain assets, including computer software,
 customer lists and computer equipment of QS. The purchase price totaled
 approximately 5,466,000 as follows: an initial payment of 1,900,000 in cash
 and a three year 1,435,000 promissory note paid monthly, with an annual
 interest rate of 8.25 together with the assumption of approximately 2,095,000
 in net liabilities, consisting principally of deferred revenue, and acquisition
 costs of approximately 36,000. The transaction also provides for potential
 additional payments to the seller of up to 1,450,000 in 2008, contingent upon
 the attainment of performance milestones by the NTST-PH business through 2007.
 The milestones would result from the attainment of maintenance revenue, vital
 records contract awards, and other software contract awards. The attainment
 of
 these milestones would result in a contingent purchase price adjustment. The
 NTST-PH business delivers enterprise-wide public health solutions and vital
 records software to 70 public health agencies, including nine states. The
 Company also assumed the facility lease of NTST-PH in Greenville, South
 Carolina. This lease has a total square footage of 5,761, is non cancelable
 and
 expires on February 23, 2011. The annual rent is 77,772 and is subject to
 escalation clauses. 

The
 cost
 of the NTST-PH acquisition was allocated as follows: 2,965,000 to customer
 lists, 2,306,000 to purchased software, 167,000 to other current assets and
 28,000 to properly and equipment. The Company is amortizing the customer list
 over a 10 year life, the purchased software over a 6 year life and the property
 and equipment over a 2 year life. 

In
 2005,
 the Company completed acquisitions of three companies with products and services
 complementary to its existing offerings. The Company acquired Continued Learning
 CL ), a Florida-based provider of online training services on April 28, 2005.
 On June 20, 2005, the Company acquired Addiction Management Systems, Inc
 AMS ). In September 2005, the Company completed the acquisition of CMHC
 Systems NTST- Ohio ), a leading competitor in the behavioral healthcare
 software market. 

CL 

On
 April
 28, 2005, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets, including
 computer software, customer lists and computer equipment, of CL, a company
 that
 offered a comprehensive family of web-based training products and services,
 including its Learning Management System. The total purchase price, including
 acquisition costs and a recognition of a probable additional payment, was
 739,238 which consisted of cash of 252,917, which was paid out of existing
 working capital including legal fees of 18,632, and broker fees of 10,000,
 20,000 shares of the Company s common stock valued at 191,400, assumed
 liabilities of 44,921 and an accrual for a probable additional payment of
 250,000. 

F-23 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[5]
 Acquisitions - [Continued] 

The
 purchase agreement provides for the potential additional payment of up to
 250,000 if certain revenue targets are met in year one. Based upon the
 attainment of certain revenue targets as of December 31, 2005, the Company
 recognized the full 250,000 of this additional payment at December 31, 2005.
 This amount has been paid in 2006. The Company also entered into a two year
 employment agreement at an annual salary of 100,000 per year with the principal
 of CL, whereby the principal can receive up to an additional 300,000 in cash,
 to be accounted for as compensation expense, if certain revenue targets are
 met
 within a two-year period. As of December 31, 2006, certain revenue targets
 have
 been met and additional compensation expense in the amount of 100,000 has
 been
 recognized and paid. 

The
 cost
 of the CL acquisition was allocated as follows: 692,020 to purchased software,
 5,218 to customer lists, 17,000 to computer hardware, and 25,000 to a
 covenant not to compete. The Company is amortizing the purchased software over
 a
 6 year life, the customer lists and computer hardware over a 3 year life, and
 the covenant not to compete over a 2 year life. Amortization expense for the
 covenant not to compete was 8,333 for the year ended December 31,
 2005. 

AMS 

On
 June
 20, 2005, the Company acquired the assets of AMS. The total purchase price,
 including acquisition costs, was 3,610,682 which consisted of cash of
 2,641,945, legal fees of 19,904 and assumed liabilities for services to be
 provided of 948,833. 

The
 cost
 of the AMS acquisition was allocated as follows: 2,050,700 to purchased
 software, 1,396,902 to customer lists, 127,698 to accounts receivable, 32,048
 to inventory, and 3,334 to a security deposit. The Company is amortizing the
 purchased software and the customer lists over an 8 year life. 

NTST-Ohio 

On
 September 28, 2005, the Company acquired 100 of the equity interest of
 NTST-Ohio (formerly CMHC) a company that offers a full suite of behavioral
 healthcare information management software for mental health, substance abuse,
 and addiction services agencies, developmental disability centers, and
 behavioral health-related managed care organizations. The primary reason for
 this acquisition was to acquire a significant customer base (over 400 clients)
 which provided a large recurring revenue stream, and included a workforce with
 significant domain knowledge. 

The
 Company believes that due to the factors above and the potential long range
 benefits of the combined company that the purchase price paid fairly represents
 the value of NTST-Ohio. The purchase price totaled approximately 19,565,956
 as
 follows: 435,735 shares of the Company s common stock (valued at 4,915,091),
 12,994,758 in cash plus additional cash consideration recorded in accrued
 expenses as of December 31, 2005, estimated at 792,024 as required by the
 working capital adjustment , calculated and payable in accordance with the
 merger agreement, and acquisition costs of 864,083. During 2006, the working
 capital adjustment was finalized and the estimated amount of 792,024 was
 settled for a payment of 524,935. The difference of 267,089 was reflected
 as a
 reduction in goodwill and accrued expenses. Additionally during 2006, the
 Company evaluated the assets and liabilities acquired from CMHC and increased
 deferred revenue by 151,218 and accrued 

F-24 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[5]
 Acquisitions - [Continued] 

expenses
 by 342,766, which was partially offset by an increase in deferred tax asset
 of
 517,000,
 resulting in a net increase to goodwill of 290,105. 

The
 Company also renegotiated and assumed the NTST-Ohio facility lease in Dublin,
 Ohio. This facility is leased from a Partnership whose general partner is the
 former majority stockholder of CMHC and currently a 5.3 stockholder of the
 Company. This lease has a total square footage of 34,230, is non cancelable
 and
 expires on September 30, 2010. The annual rent is 377,172 and is subject to
 annual real estate tax assessments. 

John
 Paton, the former majority stockholder of CMHC Systems, entered into an
 employment agreement with the Company pursuant to which Mr. Paton is to receive,
 in addition to the amounts he received as a former security holder of CMHC,
 a
 base salary at the rate of 150,000 per annum for the fifteen month term of
 the
 agreement. 

The
 following table summarizes the estimated fair value of the assets acquired
 and
 liabilities assumed at the date of the acquisition of NTST-Ohio. 

At
 September 30, 2005 

in
 thousands) 

Cash 

4,218 

Other
 current assets 

2,880 

Property
 and equipment - net 

464 

Capitalized
 software cost 

3,300 

Customer
 lists 

5,300 

Goodwill 

18,736 

Contract
 backlog 

502 

Deferred
 tax asset - long term 

1,381 

Other
 assets 

26 

Total
 assets acquired 

36,807 

Deferred
 revenue 

8,134 

Other
 current liabilities 

5,898 

Deferred
 tax liability - long term 

3,171 

Long-term
 debt 

38 

Total
 liabilities assumed 

17,241 

Net
 assets acquired 

19,566 

Included
 in other current liabilities of 5,898,000 is a promissory note which NTST-Ohio
 issued in April 2005 in the amount of 500,000. This note accrued interest
 at a
 rate of 14 per annum and was due on October 31, 2005. This promissory note
 was
 paid in full in October 2005. 

None
 of
 the goodwill or amortization of the contract backlog, capitalized software
 or
 customer list will be deductible on the Company s tax return. For financial
 statement purposes the Company is amortizing 

F-25 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[5]
 Acquisitions - [Continued] 

the
 contract backlog over one year, the capitalized software over 4 years and the
 customer list over 20 years. The goodwill is not amortized and will be reviewed
 each year to determine if any impairment adjustment will be
 required. 

The
 following unaudited proforma condensed financial information of operations
 assumes the CL, AMS, NTST-Ohio and NTST-PH acquisitions occurred on January
 1,
 2005. Shares related to the private placement (see note 9) are included in
 the
 weighted average per share calculations. In the opinion of management, all
 adjustments necessary to present fairly such unaudited proforma statements
 have
 been made. These proforma amounts may not be indicative of what would have
 occurred had the acquisitions been completed on January 1, 2005 or results
 which
 may occur in the future. 

Years
 Ended 

December
 31, 

2006 

2005 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

(in
 thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Revenue 

60,554 

60,053 

Net
 Income 

2,458 

1,654 

Net
 Income Per Share; 

Basic 

.38 

.26 

Diluted 

.36 

.25 

Weighted
 Average Number 

of
 Shares of Common 

Stock
 Outstanding 

6,529,343 

6,387,381 

Weighted
 Average Number 

of
 Shares of Common 

Stock
 and Common Stock 

Equivalents
 Outstanding 

6,747,983 

6,638,595 

The
 Company accounted for the CL, AMS, NTST-PH and NTST-Ohio acquisitions pursuant
 to the purchase method of accounting as required under SFAS No. 141 Business
 Combinations . 

Purchase
 price allocations are subject to change. Changes could include a reallocation
 of
 intangible assets which would likely have the effect of increasing or decreasing
 future amortization expense, since the intangible assets are initially assigned
 varied lives. Additionally, the lives assigned to the identifiable intangible
 assets represent management s best estimates of the time periods in which it
 will continue to receive benefits from these assets. The useful lives may need
 to be adjusted in the future based upon changes to the expected useful lives
 of
 such assets. 

F-26 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[6]
 Property and Equipment 

Property
 and equipment consist of the following: 

December
 31, 

2006 

2005 

Equipment,
 Furniture and Fixtures 

4,962,940 

3,843,666 

Leasehold
 Improvements 

678,186 

632,989 

Totals
 - At Cost 

5,641,126 

4,476,655 

Less:
 Accumulated Depreciation 

and
 Amortization 

2,914,703 

1,811,226 

Net 

2,726,423 

2,665,429 

Depreciation
 and amortization expense amounted to 1,111,417, 820,841, and 681,839,
 respectively for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004. 

[7]
 Long Term Debt 

Long-term
 debt at December 31, 2006 consists of the following: 

Term
 loan payable, bank - due in monthly installments 

of
 41,667 (a) 

1,916,662 

Note
 payable, Intelligent Systems - due in monthly 

installments
 of 45,133 which includes interest (b) 

1,292,468 

Total
 Long-Term Debt 

3,209,130 

Less:
 Current Portion 

951,802 

Long-Term
 Debt, Less Current Portion 

2,257,328 

(a)
 On
 October 7, 2005, the Company entered into a revolving credit and term loan
 agreement with Bank of America pursuant to which the bank has agreed to make
 loans to the Company consisting of (i) a 2,500,000 revolving credit loan
 and
 (ii) a 2,500,000 term loan (collectively, the Loans ). 

The
 Loans
 are secured by a security interest in the Company s personal property, including
 a pledge of the stock of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Loans are
 guaranteed by the Company s significant wholly-owned subsidiaries, NTST-NY,
 NTST-PH and NTST-Ohio, whose assets represent substantially all of the assets
 of
 the Company. 

F-27 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[7]
 Long Term Debt - [Continued] 

On
 October 7, 2005, the Company borrowed the full amount of the 2,500,000 term
 Loan. The Company has not borrowed any amounts under the revolving credit Loan.
 The term Loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 2.25 . The Company has entered into
 an interest rate swap agreement with the Bank for the amount outstanding under
 the term Loan whereby it converted the variable rate on the term Loan to a
 fixed
 rate of 7.1 in order to reduce the interest rate risk associated with these
 borrowings (Note 12). The revolving credit facility will bear interest at a
 rate
 per annum to be elected by the Company, equal to either (1) the LIBOR rate
 plus
 2 or (2) the Bank s prime rate. The financing agreement contains certain
 covenants including limitations on the Company s ability to incur liens,
 maintain a minimum tangible net worth of 2,250,000 and requires the maintenance
 of certain financial ratios. As of December 31, 2006, we were not in compliance
 with one of the financial covenants of the Financing Agreement. The Bank has
 waived our non-compliance so that at December 31, 2006, we were in compliance
 with the covenants of the term Loan. 

(b)
 In
 connection with the acquisition of NTST-PH (see note 5), the Company issued
 a
 three year promissory note to Intelligent Systems, Inc. in the principal amount
 of 1,435,000 payable in 36 monthly installments of principal and interest
 calculated at 8.25 . 

Maturities
 of long-term debt at December 31, 2006 are as follows: 

For
 the Year Ending 

December
 31, 

Amount 

2007 

951,802 

2008 

990,518 

2009 

850,148 

2010 

416,662 

Total 

3,209,130 

[8]
 Income Taxes 

The
 Company utilizes an asset and liability approach to determine the extent
 of any
 deferred income taxes, as described in SFAS No. 109, Accounting for Income
 Taxes. This method gives consideration to the future tax consequences
 associated with differences between financial statement and tax bases of
 assets
 and liabilities. 

During
 the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, the Company utilized approximately
 2.2 million and 2.9 million, respectively of net operating loss carryforwards.
 At December 31, 2006, the Company has remaining net operating loss carryforwards
 of approximately 3,321,000 expiring through 2025. Pursuant to Section 382
 of
 the Internal Revenue Code regarding substantial changes in Company ownership,
 utilization of this net operating loss carryforward is limited. Approximately
 830,000 can be used in each of 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2010; unused amounts
 can be
 carried forward. In addition, the 717,000 tax benefit related to approximately
 1,800,000 of net operating losses generated in 2000 on exercise of
 non-qualified compensatory stock options and warrants was credited to
 paid-in-capital in 2004. 

The
 Company s provision for taxes for the year ended December 31, 2006 includes
 certain state and local taxes. 

F-28 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[8]
 Income Taxes - [Continued] 

The
 expiration dates of net operating loss carryforwards are as
 follows: 

December
 31, 

Total 

Amount 

2021 

1,537,000 

2022 

9,000 

2023 

709,000 

2024 

9,000 

2025 

1,057,000 

3,321,000 

Provision
 for income taxes consists of the following: 

Year
 ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Current: 

Federal 

1,730,000 

63,000 

56,000 

State 

559,000 

261,000 

131,000 

2,289,000 

324,000 

187,000 

Deferred: 

Federal 

(113,000 

642,000 

104,000 

State 

234,000 

193,000 

18,000 

121,000 

835,000 

122,000 

Total 

2,410,000 

1,159,000 

309,000 

F-29 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[8]
 Income Taxes - [Continued] 

The
 difference between income taxes at the statutory Federal income tax rate and
 income taxes reported in the income statement is as follows: 

Year
 ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Income
 taxes at the federal statutory rate 

34 

34 

34 

State
 and local income taxes net of Federal taxes 

7.7 

6 

3 

Nondeductible
 expenses (1) 

14.1 

1 

2 

Federal
 Alternative Minimum Tax 

-- 

1 

2 

Other 

.7 

-- 

-- 

Decrease
 in valuation allowance 

-- 

-- 

(31 

56.5 

42 

10 

(1)
 Includes
 1,581,000 of cost associated
 with the proposed merger transaction. 

Significant
 components of the Company s deferred taxes are comprised of the
 following: 

December
 31, 

2006 

2005 

Deferred
 Tax Asset: 

Net
 operating loss carryforward 

1,214,000 

2,024,000 

Allowance
 for doubtful accounts 

228,000 

175,000 

Accrued
 vacation and bonuses 

233,000 

384,000 

Alternative
 minimum tax credit carryforward 

-- 

241,000 

Net
 book value property plant and equipment 

47,000 

278,000 

Deferred
 Stock Option Compensation 

46,000 

-- 

Other 

294,000 

(37,000 

Total
 deferred tax assets 

2,062,000 

3,065,000 

Deferred
 Tax Liabilities: 

Net
 book value - intangible assets 

(2,190,000 

(3,589,000 

Net
 deferred tax liability assets 

(128,000 

(524,000 

The
 deferred taxes are presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as
 follows: 

December
 31, 

2006 

2005 

Current
 asset 

755,000 

1,595,000 

Long
 term liability 

(883,000 

(2,119,000 

Net
 deferred tax liability assets 

(128,000 

(524,000 

F-30 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[8]
 Income Taxes - [Continued] 

During
 2004, the Company reduced the valuation allowance totaling 1,731,000 at January
 1, 2004 to zero based upon its belief that it is more likely than not that
 the
 entire net operating loss carry forward will be utilized. 

[9]
 Stockholders Equity 

The
 Company s Board of Directors is authorized to issue preferred stock from time to
 time without stockholder action, in one or more distinct series. The Board
 of
 Directors is authorized to determine the rights and preferences of the preferred
 stock when issued. The Board of Directors has authorized the issuance of Series
 A, Series B and Series D preferred stock. No shares of any series of preferred
 stock were outstanding on December 31, 2006. 

Common
 Stock Issuances - 
 In June
 2006, the Company issued 3,489 shares of its common stock in connection with
 an
 investor relations agreement in addition to consulting fees. These shares were
 valued at 12.90, the fair market value at the date of grant. On April 28,
 2005,
 the Company issued 20,000 shares of its common stock in connection with the
 acquisition of CL. On September 28, 2005, the Company issued 435,735 shares
 of
 its common stock in connection with the acquisition of NTST-Ohio. 

In
 October 2003, the Company sold to investors, pursuant to a private placement
 agreement, an aggregate 490,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase
 122,504 shares of common stock. The Company received 4,493,104 in gross
 proceeds and paid commissions of 275,000 and 102,976 in other professional
 costs during 2005 and 158,350 in other professional costs in 2006 related
 to
 the private placement. The Company also issued a warrant to purchase 24,500
 shares to the placement agent. The private placement agreement required the
 Company to file a registration statement within 30 days of the closing of the
 private placement, and to use its reasonable best efforts to have such
 registration statement declared effective within 90 days of the closing to
 keep
 such registration statement effective for a two year period. Generally, the
 private placement agreement further provided for a penalty to be paid to the
 investors should the Company fail to meet its registration obligations. Such
 penalty was payable to the investors in cash at the rate of 2.5 of the gross
 proceeds per month, up to a maximum penalty of 20 of the gross proceeds. The
 Company has satisfied its registration obligations. The Company has accounted
 for the proceeds of the private placement as equity in accordance with View
 A of
 EITF 05-04, The Effect of a Liquidated Damages Clause on a Freestanding
 Financial Instrument Subject to Issue No. 00-19 . Any potential penalties
 incurred pursuant to the registration rights agreement will be recorded in
 earnings when and if incurred as per SFAS 5, Accounting for Contingencies . As
 of December 31, 2006, the Company has not incurred any penalties relating to
 this private placement. 

Treasury
 Stock 
 - During
 2006, options and warrants to purchase 64,390 shares were exercised and the
 Company received gross proceeds of 570,355. Pursuant to option grants,
 employees have the right to pay for the exercise price of the options by
 delivering mature shares of common stock owned by them. Included in the
 proceeds received upon the exercise of options were 639 shares of the Company s
 common stock. The value of the shares received was 8,200, which was based
 upon
 the market value of the common stock on the date of exercise in accordance
 with
 the cashless exercise provisions of the Company s stock option
 plans. 

F-31 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[9]
 Stockholders Equity - [Continued] 

During
 2005, options to purchase 206,658 shares were exercised and the Company received
 gross proceeds of 854,240. Pursuant to option grants, employees have the right
 to pay for the exercise price of the options by delivering mature shares of
 common stock owned by them. Included in the 2005 exercise of options were 12,250
 options owned by a Company officer. These options were exercised by the delivery
 of 3,650 shares of the Company s common stock, which were valued at 53,532,
 which was based upon the market price of the common stock on the dates of
 exercise in accordance with the cashless exercise provisions of the Company s
 stock option plans. 

During
 2004, options to purchase 38,877 shares were exercised and the Company received
 gross proceeds of 166,400. Pursuant to the option grants, employees have the
 right to pay for the exercise price of the options by delivering mature shares
 of common stock owned by them. Included in the 2004 exercise of options were
 12,250 options owned by a Company officer. These options were exercised by
 the
 delivery of 4,166 shares of the Company s common stock, which were valued at
 53,533, which was based upon the market price of the common stock on the dates
 of exercise in accordance with the cashless exercise provisions of the Company s
 stock option plans. 

Stock
 Options and Warrants - 
 See note
 13 for information relating to the Company s 1998, 1999 and 2001 Long-Term
 Incentive Plans. 

During
 2005, the Company announced the completion of a private placement of units
 consisting of an aggregate 490,000 shares of its common stock and warrants
 to
 purchase 147,003 shares of common stock, which include 24,500 warrants issued
 to
 the placement agent. The warrants have an exercise price of 11 per share.
 The
 Company received net proceeds of approximately 4.0 million. 

During
 2005, the Company granted 30,000 inducement options to employees of NTST-Ohio
 to
 encourage the recipients to continue to remain in the employ of NTST-Ohio after
 the acquisition. The options were granted at a price of 14.77 which was equal
 to the fair market value at the date of grant. The options vest over a period
 of
 three years. The fair value of the options granted was 250,000. 

On
 December 21, 2000, the stockholders of the Company approved the 1999 Employee
 Stock Purchase Plan. The plan reserves 150,000 shares of common stock. The
 plan
 provides eligible employees with the opportunity to purchase shares of common
 stock at a discounted price through regular payroll deductions. No shares have
 been issued as of December 31, 2006 under this plan. 

F-32 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[10]
 Capital Lease Obligations 

Future
 minimum payments under capital lease obligations as of December 31, 2006 are
 as
 follows: 

Year
 ending 

December
 31, 

Total
 Minimum Payments due in 2007 

9,695 

Less
 Amount Representing Interest at 11.63 Per annum 

174 

Balance 

9,521 

Capital
 lease obligations are collateralized by equipment which has a cost of 37,180
 at
 December 31, 2006 and 214,426 at December 31, 2005 and accumulated amortization
 of 34,082 and 162,119 at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.
 Amortization of 33,580 in 2006 and 70,456 in 2005 and 61,109 in 2004,
 respectively, has been included in depreciation expense. 

[11]
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The
 carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts
 payable and the note payable to Intelligent Systems approximate the fair value
 of these instruments because of their short maturities or floating interest
 rates. 

The
 bank
 debt (see note 7), including current maturities, has a carrying value of
 1,916,662 and an estimated fair value of 1,910,000. Estimated fair value
 is
 based on the expected current rates offered to the Company for instruments
 of
 the same or similar maturities, after considering the effect of the interest
 rate swap. 

[12]
 Commitments and Contingencies 

Leases 

The
 Company leases space for its executive offices and facilities under an operating
 lease expiring October 2014 which has an option to cancel in December 2009.
 The
 lease is for a ten year and ten month period. The lease provides for a fixed
 monthly rent of 45,700 and includes an annual escalation increase of 3 . There
 are no lease payments required during the first ten months of the lease and
 the
 Company has the option of canceling the lease after six years. However, upon
 cancellation, certain unamortized costs must be reimbursed to the landlord.
 Future maturities of this lease were considered for the entire ten year and
 ten
 month period. In addition, the Company leases six sales and service offices
 under non cancelable operating leases expiring at various times through December
 2010. The Company leases space for NTST-Ohio under a non-cancellable operating
 lease expiring September 2010. The lease provides for a fixed monthly rent
 of
 approximately 31,000. This facility is leased from a Partnership whose general
 partner is a 5.3 stockholder of the Company. The amount paid in connection
 with
 this facility was 377,000 for the year ended December 31, 2006. 

F-33 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[12]
 Commitments and Contingencies - [Continued] 

Minimum
 annual rentals under noncancellable operating leases having terms of more than
 one year are as follows: 

Year
 ending 

December
 31, 

2007 

1,317,000 

2008 

1,328,000 

2009 

1,270,000 

2010 

1,201,000 

2011 

853,000 

Thereafter 

2,588,000 

Total 

8,557,000 

Rent
 expense amounted to 1,277,900, 1,009,700 and 833,000 respectively, for the
 years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004. 

Employment
 Agreements 

In
 April
 2004, the Company entered into revised employment agreements with Messrs. James
 L. Conway and Anthony F. Grisanti. The terms and conditions of the revised
 contracts are identical in all material respects to the previous contracts
 except that (i) the term of each individual s contract was extended by one year,
 so that Messrs. Conway and Grisanti s contract were to expire on December 31,
 2006 and (ii) the revised contracts do not provide for a five-year consulting
 period following each individual s respective term of employment during which
 such individual would have been entitled to compensation of 75,000 per year.
 Messrs. Conway and Grisanti s contracts also provide for an option, which have
 been exercised, to extend their contracts for one additional year so that their
 contracts would expire on December 31, 2007. 

During
 November 2006, in connection with the proposed merger transaction, we entered
 into new contracts with each of Mr. Conway (the Conway Agreement and Mr.
 Grisanti (the Grisanti Agreement ). These agreements were entered into in
 connection with the proposed merger transaction and are not a part of our
 compensation program. Consequently, the Conway Agreement and Grisanti Agreement
 were not approved by the Compensation Committee. The Conway Agreement provides
 that following the closing of the proposed merger, Mr. Conway will continue
 to
 act as the Chief Executive Officer of Netsmart for a term of two years
 commencing on the date of the closing of the merger, such term to be
 automatically renewed for successive one year terms thereafter unless the Conway
 Agreement is terminated pursuant to its terms. During the term of the Conway
 Agreement, Mr. Conway will continue to receive a base salary of 367,500, which
 is his current base salary, and will no longer have the right to automatic
 annual base salary increases, as provided in his current employment agreement.
 The Conway agreement also provides for a change of control payment in the amount
 of 1 million. 

F-34 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[12]
 Commitments and Contingencies - [Continued] 

Under
 the
 terms of the Grisanti Agreement, following the closing of the proposed merger
 transaction, Mr. Grisanti will continue to act as the Chief Financial Officer
 of
 Netsmart for a term of two years commencing on the date of the closing of the
 merger, such term to be automatically renewed for successive one year terms
 thereafter unless the Grisanti Agreement is terminated pursuant to its terms.
 During the term of the Grisanti Agreement, Mr. Grisanti will continue to receive
 a base salary of 204,750, which is his current base salary, and will no longer
 have the right to automatic annual base salary increases, as provided in his
 current employment agreement. The Grisanti agreement also provides for a change of control
 payment in the amount of 601,500. 

In
 February 2005, one of our subsidiaries, Netsmart New York, entered into an
 employment agreement with Mr. Kevin Scalia as an Executive Vice President of
 the
 Company with such contract expiring on February 14, 2008. Mr. Scalia s contract
 provides for an option to extend his contract for continuing subsequent two
 year
 terms unless terminated by the Company or Mr. Scalia on not less than sixty
 days
 written notice prior to the expiration of the contract. 

In
 January 2006, one of our subsidiaries, Netsmart New York, entered into an
 employment agreement with Mr. Alan Tillinghast as an Executive Vice President
 of
 the Company with such contract expiring on December 31, 2008. Mr. Tillinghast s
 contract provides for an option to extend his contract for continuing subsequent
 two year terms unless terminated by the Company or Mr. Tillinghast on not less
 than sixty days written notice prior to the expiration of the
 contract. 

The
 minimum aggregate base compensation for its four officers is 930,000 for 2006.
 The minimum aggregate base compensation for its four officers is 976,000 in
 2007 and 222,000 in 2008, subject to annual increases equal to the greater
 of
 5 or the increase in the cost of living index. The agreements also provide
 for
 the officers with an automobile allowance. In the event of a change of control,
 Messrs. Conway and Grisanti may receive severance payments equal to 48 months
 compensation. 

The
 Company also has a consulting agreement with a former Director, which provides
 for annual fees of 75,000 through December 31, 2007. The agreement also
 provides the former Director with an automobile allowance. In the event of
 a
 change of control, the former Director may receive severance payments of 36
 months compensation. 

Effective
 April 1, 2004, the Company adopted an Executive Retirement, Non-Competition
 and
 Consulting Plan which was subsequently amended August 5, 2004 retroactively
 effective to April 1, 2004, pursuant to which, following their retirement,
 selected officers will be entitled to receive a minimum payment of approximately
 85,000 per year for a period of six years, provided, that such officers (i)
 provide a minimum amount of consulting days each month and (ii) agree to certain
 covenants not to compete. The annual payments are subject to 10 increases
 up to
 a maximum of 136,893 per year. Pursuant to the Executive Retirement,
 Non-Competition and Consulting Plan, the selected officers are also entitled
 to
 receive health benefits for life, provided that there are no breaches of the
 covenants not to compete. Each of Messrs. Conway and Grisanti are entitled
 to
 receive benefits under the plan. 

The
 Company was a party to an employment agreement with John Phillips, a former
 Vice
 President and director of the Company. Mr. Phillip s employment contract expired
 on December 31, 2003 and he retired 

F-35 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[12]
 Commitments and Contingencies - [Continued] 

effective
 April 1, 2004. Pursuant to the terms of the Company s Executive Retirement,
 Non-Competition and Consulting Plan, Mr. Phillips will receive 85,000 per
 year
 for each of the next six years commencing from the date of retirement; provided
 that he complies with the non-competition covenants of the plan. 

Future
 minimum payments related to consulting and Executive Retirement, Non-Competition
 and Consulting agreements for the next five years are as follows: 

Year
 Ending 

December
 31, 

Amount 

2007 

169,000 

2008 

85,000 

2009 

85,000 

2010 

21,000 

Total 

360,000 

Interest
 Rate Swap 

In
 June
 2001, the Company entered into an interest rate swap with a bank, which expired
 on June 1, 2006. In October, 2005, the Company entered into another interest
 rate swap with a bank, which expires on October 6, 2010. The swap transactions
 were entered into to protect the Company from upward movement in interest rates
 relating to outstanding bank debt (see note 7) and calls for a fixed rate of
 7.95 for the 2001 transaction and 7.1 for the 2005 transaction. When the
 one-month LIBOR rate is below the fixed rate then the Company is obligated
 to
 pay the bank for the difference in rates. When the one-month LIBOR rate is
 above
 the fixed rate then the bank is obligated to pay the Company for the difference
 in rates. At December 31, 2006 and 2005 the fair value of the swaps of (6,780)
 and 7,812, respectively, is recorded as a non current asset in 2006 and as
 a
 non-current liability in 2005. The swap transactions have been accounted for
 as
 a hedge, and accordingly, the change in the fair value of the swaps of
 (14,952), 7,340 and 43,916 during the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005,
 and 2004, respectively, has been recorded as part of comprehensive
 income. 

Letter
 of Credit 

The
 Company relocated its Islip, New York headquarters to a larger facility in
 Great
 River, New York. Included in the terms and conditions of the Great River lease
 is the requirement that the Company provide to the landlord a letter of credit
 in the amount of 292,980, which represents approximately six months rent.
 This
 letter of credit was provided to the landlord on October 31, 2003. On June
 15,
 2006, the letter of credit was reduced to 244,150. The Company has currently
 applied to reduce the letter of credit to 195,320 and will apply for subsequent
 reduction as follows: 

146,490
 for months 47 through 58 of the lease. 

 97,660
 for months 59 to the expiration of the lease. 

[13]
 Stock-Based Compensation 

Long
 Term Incentive Plans - 
 The
 Company has three long-term incentive plans, the 1998 Long-Term 

F-36 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[13]
 Stock-Based Compensation - [Continued] 

Incentive
 Plan (the 1998 Plan ), as amended, the 1999 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 1999
 Plan and the 2001 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2001 Plan ), as amended. The
 2001 Plan was approved by the stockholders on March 7, 2002 and originally
 provided for the issuance of 180,000 shares of common stock. In January 2003,
 the 2001 Plan was amended and approved by the stockholders to provide for an
 increase in the number of shares subject to the plan from 180,000 to 550,000.
 In
 May 2004, the 2001 Plan was further amended and approved by the stockholders
 to
 provide an increase in the number of shares subject to the plan from 550,000
 to
 950,000. In July 2005, the plan was amended and approved by the stockholders
 to
 provide an increase in the number of shares subject to the plan from 950,000
 to
 1,350,000. In December 2006, the plan was amended and approved by the
 stockholders to provide an increase in the number of shares subject to the
 plan
 from 1,350,000 to 1,950,000. The maximum shares issuable by the Company are
 790,000, 300,000 and 1,950,000 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the 1998
 Plan,
 the 1999 Plan and the 2001 Plan, respectively. The options, when granted vest
 ratably over one year except
 for the 400,000 options granted in July
 2005, which vested prior to December 31, 2005. These 400,000 options were
 granted at an exercise of 9.85 which was equal to the fair market value at
 the
 date of grant. Automatic options granted to the independent members of the
 Board
 of Directors vest fully after six months. At December 31, 2006 there were 0,
 0
 and 586,045 shares available for further issuance under the 1998 Plan, the
 1999
 Plan and 2001 Plan, respectively. 

The
 1998
 Plan, the 1999 Plan and the 2001 Plan (collectively, the Plans are
 administered by the Compensation Committee of the board of directors. Officers
 and other key employees, consultants and directors (other than non-employee
 directors) are eligible to receive options or other equity-based incentives
 under the Plans. 

The
 2001
 Plan provides that each non-employee director automatically receives a
 nonqualified stock option to purchase 10,000 shares of common stock and the
 chairman of the audit committee and the compensation committee will receive
 a
 nonqualified stock option to purchase 12,500 shares of common stock on April
 1
 of each year. However, if there are not sufficient shares available under the
 applicable Plan, the non-employee director will receive a lesser number of
 shares. In April 2006, the Company granted 10,500 options to its non-employee
 directors under the automatic grant provisions of its 2001 Plan. These options
 were granted at a price of 13.86 which was equal to the fair market value
 of
 the options at the date of grant. These options were fully vested by December
 31, 2006. In December 2006, upon the approval of the increase in shares
 available under the 2001 Plan, the Company granted 15,000 options to its
 non-employee directors under the 2001 plan. These options were granted at a
 price if 16.21 which was equal to the fair market value of the options at
 the
 date of grant. These options will be fully vested by May 2007. 

F-37 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[13]
 Stock-Based Compensation - [Continued] 

A
 summary
 of the activity under the Plans and the NTST-Ohio inducement options (see note
 9) are as follows: 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Exercise 

Exercise 

Exercise 

Shares 

Price 

Shares 

Price 

Shares

Price 

Outstanding
 - Beginning of 

Year 

945,467 

8.758 

724,333 

6.476 

365,755 

4.111 

Granted
 During the Year 

25,500 

15.242 

438,292 

10.181 

397,455 

8.438 

Canceled
 During the Year 

(6,142 

13.935 

(10,500 

1.81 

-- 

-- 

Exercised
 During the Year 

(41,420 

7.67 

(206,658 

4.134 

(38,877 

4.280 

Outstanding
 - End of Year 

923,405 

8.951 

945,467 

8.758 

724,333 

6.476 

Exercisable
 - End of Year 

895,688 

8.751 

915,467 

8.561 

525,606 

5.734 

The
 aggregate intrinsic values of the outstanding and exercisable shares at December
 31, 2006 were 6,730,679 and 6,707,935, respectively. 

The
 weighted average fair value of options issued at date of grant using the fair
 value based method during 2006 is estimated at 3.17. The total intrinsic value
 of options exercised during 2006 was 207,809. 

The
 following table summarizes stock option information as of December 31,
 2006: 

Options
 Outstanding 

Weighted 

Average
 Remaining 

Options

Exercise
 Prices 

Number
 Outstanding 

Contractual
 Life 

Exercisable 

16.21 

15,000 

4.92
 Years 

2,500 

14.77 

24,900 

3.83
 Years 

9,683 

13.86 

10,500 

4.33
 Years 

10,500 

13.29 

1,500 

2.25
 Years 

1,500 

9.85 

396,458 

3.50
 Years 

396,458 

9.57 

8,292 

3.25
 Years 

8,292 

8.49 

276,460 

2.42
 Years 

276,460 

8.20 

75,775 

2.50
 Years 

75,775 

6.61 

8,000 

1.58
 Years 

8,000 

4.93 

59,378 

1.08
 Years 

59,378 

4.37 

7,500 

6.50
 Years 

7,500 

4.37 

31,642 

1.50
 Years 

31,642 

2.50 

3,000 

.25
 Years 

3,000 

2.38 

5,000 

.50
 Years 

5,000 

Totals 

923,405 

2.89
 Years 

895,688

F-38 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[13]
 Stock-Based Compensation - [Continued] 

A
 summary
 of the option activity of nonvested options at December 31 2006, and changes
 during the year ended December 31, 2006 is presented below: 

Weighted 

Average 

Grant
 Date 

2006 

Fair
 Value 

Nonvested
 at January 1, 

23,234 

14.770 

Vested 

(12,500 

14.744 

Issued 

15,000 

16.21 

Forfeited 

1,983 

-- 

Nonvested
 at December 31, 

27,717 

15.075 

The
 total
 fair value of shares vested during the year ended December 31, 2006 was
 66,939. 

The
 fair
 value of options at date of grant was estimated using the Black-Scholes fair
 value based method during 2006 with the following weighted average
 assumptions: 

2006 

Expected
 Life (Years) 

1.95 

Risk
 Free Rate 

4.68 

Expected
 Dividends 

-- 

Volatility 

30 

F-39 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[13]
 Stock-Based Compensation - [Continued] 

Warrants 

During
 2005, the Company announced the completion of a private placement of units
 consisting of an aggregate 490,000 shares of its common stock and warrants
 to
 purchase 147,003 shares of common stock, which include 24,500 warrants issued
 to
 the placement agent. The warrants have an exercise price of 11 per share and
 will expire in October 2010. The Company received net proceeds of approximately
 4.0 million. 

A
 summary
 of warrant activity is as follows: 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Exercise 

Exercise 

Exercise 

Shares 

Price 

Shares 

Price 

Shares 

Price 

Outstanding
 - Beginning 

of
 Year 

147,003 

11.00 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

Granted
 During the Year 

-- 

-- 

147,003 

11.00 

-- 

-- 

Expired
 During the Year 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

Exercised
 During the Year 

(22,970 

11.00 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

Outstanding
 - End of Year 

124,033 

11.00 

147,003 

11.00 

-- 

--

Exercisable
 - End of Year 

124,033 

11.00 

147,003 

11.00 

-- 

--

F-40 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[14]
 Operating Segments 

The
 Company currently classifies its operations in five business segments: (1)
 Software and Related Systems and Services - New York, (2) Software and Related
 Systems and Services - Ohio, (3) Software and Related Systems and Services
 -
 Public Health, (4) Data Center Services and (5) Application Service Provider
 Services ASP ). Software and Related Systems and Services - Public Health is a
 new segment resulting from the Company s acquisition of QS Technologies, Inc. in
 August 2006, consisting of the subsidiary NTST - PH which delivers enterprise
 wide public health solutions and vital records software to public health
 agencies. Software and Related Systems and Services - Ohio is a new segment
 resulting from the Company s acquisition of CMHC in September 2005. NTST - Ohio
 offers a full suite of behavioral healthcare information management software
 for
 mental health, substance abuse and addiction services agencies, developmental
 disability centers, and behavioral health-related managed care organizations.
 Software and Related Systems and Services for each of the New York, Public
 Health and Ohio segments refers to the design, installation, implementation
 and
 maintenance of computer information systems that provide comprehensive
 healthcare information technology solutions including billing, patient tracking
 and scheduling for inpatient and out patient environments, as well as clinical
 documentation and medical record generation and management. Within these
 segments are large turnkey and small turnkey components. The large turnkey
 components consist mostly of the Avatar suite of products. When the Company
 is
 engaged in a fixed price arrangement, these installations will usually extend
 over a six-month to a multi-year time period. The duration of the implementation
 is dependent on the size and complexity of the customer organization and the
 specifics of the implementation. The small turnkey components are usually
 completed within a six-month period. Small turnkey contracts performed in the
 New York segment are mostly related to the Avatar methadone related products.
 The small turnkey contracts in the Ohio and Public Health segments are for
 system installations for behavioral healthcare and public health information
 management software for mental health, substance abuse and addiction services
 agencies, developmental disability centers and behavioral health-related managed
 care organizations. 

Data
 Center Services involve Company personnel performing data entry and data
 processing services for customers. ASP services involve the Company offering
 several of it software products on a virtual private network or internet
 delivery approach, thereby allowing its customers to utilize the Company s
 products and pay on a monthly service basis. 

Intersegment
 sales and sales outside the United States are not material. Information
 concerning the Company s business segments is as follows: 

F-41 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[14]
 Operating Segments - [Continued] 

Sotware
 and Related Systems and Services - New York 

Data
 Center Services 

Application
 Service Provider Services 

Sofware
 and Related Systems and Services - Ohio 

Software
 and Related Systems and Services - Public Health 

Total 

Year
 Ended December 31, 2006 

Revenue 

Large
 Turnkey 

18,051,217 

- 

- 

- 

- 

18,051,217 

Small
 Turnkey 

1,888,693

-

-

6,090,613

1,126,243

9,105,549

Maintenance 

10,933,446

-

-

14,803,280

864,482

26,601,208

Other 

-

1,735,940

3,555,769

-

-

5,291,709

Total 

30,873,356 

1,735,940 

3,555,769 

20,893,893 

1,990,725 

59,049,683 

Gross
 Profit 

Turnkey 

8,446,320 

- 

- 

844,313 

970,379 

10,261,012 

Maintenance 

6,209,358

-

-

10,711,947

352,169

17,273,474

Other 

-

918,737

1,325,479

-

-

2,244,216

Total 

14,655,678 

918,737 

1,325,479 

11,556,260 

1,322,548 

29,778,702 

Income
 before Income Taxes 

1,084,398 

294,700 

(328,304 

2,689,516 

523,153 

4,263,463 

Depreciation
 and Amortization 

1,633,347 

108,897 

542,950 

1,740,589 

291,534 

4,317,317 

Capital
 Expenditures 

493,058 

6,937 

243,983 

379,743 

5,291,742 

6,415,463 

Identifiable
 Assets 

27,045,397 

1,629,132 

4,136,343 

31,315,172 

6,398,509 

70,524,553 

Goodwill 

-

-

-

18,445,646 

-

18,445,646 

Year
 Ended December 31, 2005 

Revenue 

Large
 Turnkey 

17,599,035

-

-

-

17,599,035

Small
 Turnkey 

1,041,866

-

-

1,685,904

-

2,727,770

Maintenance 

9,784,488

-

-

3,533,256

-

13,317,744

Other 

-

1,795,448

2,538,457

-

-

4,333,905

Total 

28,425,389

1,795,448

2,538,457

5,219,160

-

37,978,454

Gross
 Profit 

Turnkey 

8,434,026

-

-

210,025

-

8,644,051

Maintenance 

5,402,433

-

-

2,493,736

-

7,896,169

Other 

-

908,279

927,431

-

-

1,835,710

Total 

13,836,459

908,279

927,431

2,703,761

-

18,375,930

Income
 before Income Taxes 

2,151,923

384,465

(116,027 

328,414

-

2,748,775

Depreciation
 and Amortization 

1,489,017

110,479

401,835

450,125

-

2,451,456

Capital
 Expenditures 

3,755,207

6,445

863,605

9,121,675

-

13,746,932

Identifiable
 Assets 

26,219,605

1,909,546

3,221,333

33,271,370

-

64,621,854

Goodwill 

-

-

-

18,735,751

-

18,735,751

Year
 Ended December 31, 2004 

Revenue 

Large
 Turnkey 

16,003,646

-

-

-

-

16,003,646

Small
 Turnkey 

927,960

-

-

-

-

927,960

Maintenance 

8,289,525

-

-

-

-

8,289,525

Other 

-

2,058,240

1,725,473

-

-

3,783,713

Total 

25,221,131

2,058,240

1,725,473

-

-

29,004,844

Gross
 Profit 

Turnkey 

7,728,535

-

-

-

-

7,728,535

Maintenance 

4,120,550

-

-

-

-

4,120,550

Other 

-

1,208,887

799,140

-

-

2,008,027

Total 

11,849,085

1,208,887

799,140

-

-

13,857,112

Income
 before Income Taxes 

2,095,722

784,353

181,890

-

-

3,061,965

Depreciation
 and Amortization 

1,247,962

113,676

262,755

-

-

1,624,393

Capital
 Expenditures 

950,094

12,144

93,501

-

-

1,055,739

Identifiable
 Assets 

31,291,838

2,775,036

3,640,027

-

-

37,706,901

F-42 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[15]
 Subsequent Events 

In
 2007,
 the Company negotiated an additional 8,553 square feet at its Great River
 facility at an annual rental of 149,678 with a lease expiration of 10/22/14.
 The Company expects to occupy that space in early 2007. 

[16]
 Going Private Transaction and Related
 Litigation 

Going
 Private Transaction 

On
 November 18, 2006, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger
 Agreement with NT Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation Buyer and NT
 Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation Merger Sub ). Under the terms of the
 Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will be merged with and into Netsmart (the
 Merger ), the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease with
 Netsmart continuing as the surviving corporation (the Surviving Corporation ).
 Merger Sub and Buyer are or will be controlled by funds which are affiliated
 with Insight Venture Partners Insight and Bessemer Venture Partners
 Bessemer and, together with Insight, the Sponsors ), private equity firms.

At
 the
 effective time of the merger, each outstanding share of common stock of
 Netsmart, other than any shares owned by Merger Sub, its affiliates, Netsmart
 or
 any shareholders who are entitled to and who properly exercise appraisal
 rights
 under Delaware law, will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive
 16.50 in cash, without interest. Warrant holders and option holders will
 be
 entitled to receive the difference between the exercise price of such security
 and 16.50 per share in cash. 

A
 special
 meeting of stockholders has been called for Thursday, April 5, 2007 for the
 purpose of considering the Merger Agreement. 

Litigation 

On
 November 21, 2006, a class action complaint entitled Levy
 Investments, LTD. v. Netsmart Technologies, Inc .,
 et
 al., Civil Action No. 2566-N, was filed against Netsmart, its directors,
 Buyer
 and Merger Sub in the Delaware Court of Chancery, New Castle County. On November
 21, 2006, a class action complaint entitled Superior
 Partners v. James L. Conway, et al .,
 Civil
 Action No. 2563-N, was filed against Netsmart, its directors, Kevin Scalia,
 Alan
 B. Tillinghast, Buyer and Merger Sub in the Delaware Court of Chancery, New
 Castle County. On November 21, 2006, a class action complaint entitled
 Joe
 B. Ingram v. Netsmart Technologies, Inc .,
 et
 al., Index No. 06-32611, was filed against Netsmart and its directors in
 the
 Supreme Court of New York, Suffolk County. On November 22, 2006, a class
 action
 complaint entitled Mark
 Anthony v. Netsmart Technologies, Inc., et al .,
 Index
 No. 06-32720, was filed against Netsmart, its directors, Alan B. Tillinghast,
 Kevin Scalia, Insight and Bessemer in the Supreme Court of New York, Suffolk
 County. On December 1, 2006, a class action complaint entitled Jon
 Landon v. Francis J. Calcagno et al .,
 Civil
 Action No. 2586-N, was filed against Netsmart, its directors, Buyer, Merger
 Sub
 and NT Investor Holdings, Inc. Parent in the Delaware Court of Chancery, New
 Castle County. On December 12, 2006, a class action complaint entitled
 Leviticus
 Partners, L.P. v. James L. Conway, et al .,
 Civil
 Action No. 2597-N,was filed against Netsmart, its directors, Buyer, Merger
 Sub,
 Insight and Bessemer in the Delaware Court of Chancery, New Castle County.
 The
 complaints allege, among other things, that each of the directors of Netsmart
 individually breached the fiduciary duties owing to the Netsmart shareholders
 by
 voting to approve the Merger Agreement, thereby enabling management to benefit
 to the detriment of the shareholders. Each of the complaints seeks, among
 other
 relief, the court s designation of class action status, an injunction

F-43 

NETSMART
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

[16]
 Going Private Transaction and Related Litigation -
 [Continued] 

preventing
 the consummation of the merger and, in the event of consummation of the merger,
 rescission and damages. In Mark
 Anthony v. Netsmart Technologies, Inc., et al .,
 on
 December 6, 2006, the plaintiff moved for approval of voluntary discontinuance
 of the action. The motion was granted by order signed on January 4, 2007.
 On
 December 11, 2006, the Delaware Court of Chancery entered an order on consent
 consolidating the three actions filed in that court as of that date. On December
 14, 2006, the plaintiff in Leviticus
 Partners, L.P. v. James L. Conway, et al .
 filed a
 motion for consolidation and for reconsideration of the order entered December
 11, 2006, in the Delaware Court of Chancery. On December 18, 2006, the plaintiff
 in Leviticus
 Partners, L.P. v. James L. Conway, et. al. filed
 a
 notice of withdrawal of its motion for consolidation and reconsideration
 of the
 December 11, 2006 order and represented to the court its intent to file suit
 in
 Suffolk County, New York. By letter to the court dated December 19, 2006,
 the
 defendants requested the court to decline to enter the proposed order granting
 the notice of dismissal. On December 20, 2006, Vice Chancellor Leo E. Strine,
 Jr. of the Delaware Court of Chancery denied the plaintiff s request to enter an
 order dismissing the action. On January 5, 2007, the plaintiffs in the
 consolidated Delaware action filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint,
 inter
 alia ,
 adding
 certain nondisclosure claims based on Netsmart s preliminary proxy statement. On
 January 10, 2007, the plaintiff in Joe
 B. Ingram v. Netsmart et al .
 filed a
 First Amended Class Action Complaint adding certain nondisclosure claims
 based
 on Netsmart s preliminary proxy statement and naming as additional defendants
 Insight, Bessemer, Kevin Scalia and Alan B. Tillinghast. On January 12, 2007,
 the defendants in Joe
 B. Ingram v Netsmart et al .
 moved
 to dismiss the action in favor of the substantially identical actions pending
 in
 Delaware. By order dated February 6, 2007, the court granted the defendants
 motion and dismissed the Suffolk County action. On January 16, 2007, the
 Delaware Court of Chancery entered, on consent, an Amended Order of
 Consolidation consolidating Leviticus
 Partners, L.P. v James L. Conway, et al .
 with
 the three previously consolidated Delaware actions. On January 25, 2007,
 plaintiffs in the consolidated Delaware action filed (1) a motion for expedited
 discovery; and (2) a notice of intent to file a motion for a preliminary
 injunction. On January 26, 2007, Vice Chancellor Leo E. Strine, Jr. conducted
 a
 telephonic conference in the consolidated Delaware action. During this
 telephonic conference, Vice Chancellor Strine ordered that discovery was
 to be
 expedited and ordered defendants to produce, by no later than February 2,
 2007,
 documents in response to plaintiffs request for production of documents, and
 that depositions of the witnesses be completed by no later than February
 11,
 2007. Vice Chancellor Strine also held a hearing for Plaintiff s Motion for a
 Preliminary Injunction on February 27, 2007. On March 14, 2007, the Court
 of
 Chancery issued a decision permitting a stockholder vote on the merger to
 be
 held after Netsmart makes supplemental disclosures consisting of certain
 financial projections and the text of the Court s decision. The board of
 directors unanimously believes that the actions are without merit, and intends
 for Netsmart and the directors to defend vigorously against them. 

From
 time
 to time the Company is also involved in ordinary and routine litigation
 matters in the normal course of business. The Company believes that the
 resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its
 consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

F-44 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
 to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
 by
 the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NETSMART TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Dated:
 March 16, 2007 
 By: 
 /s/
 James L. Conway 

James
 L. Conway, Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
 to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has
 been
 signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
 capacities and on the dates indicated. Each person whose signature appears
 below
 hereby authorizes James L. Conway and Anthony F. Grisanti (or any of them acting
 in the absence of the others), as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and
 agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him and in his
 name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign any and all amendments
 to this report, and to file same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents
 in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission. 

Signature 

Title

Date 

/s/
 James L. Conway 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

March
 16, 2007 

James
 L. Conway 

and
 Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Anthony F. Grisanti 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

March
 16, 2007 

Anthony
 F. Grisanti 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Kevin Scalia 

Executive
 Vice President 

Kevin
 Scalia 

and
 Director 

March
 16, 2007 

/s/
 Alan Tillinghast 

Executive
 Vice President 

Alan
 Tillinghast 

and
 Director 

March
 16, 2007 

/s/
 Joseph G. Sicinski 

Director 

March
 16, 2007 

Joseph
 G. Sicinski 

/s/
 Francis J. Calcagno 

Director 

March
 16, 2007 

Francis
 J. Calcagno 

/s/
 John S.T. Gallagher 

Director 

March
 16, 2007 

John
 S.T. Gallagher 

/s/
 Yacov Shamash 

Director 

March
 16, 2007 

Dr.
 Yacov Shamash 

EXHIBIT
 INDEX 

Exhibits 

3.1 

Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (Filed as an exhibit to
 the
 Registrant s registration statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-2550, which
 was declared effective by the Commission on August 13, 1996, and
 incorporated herein by reference.) 

3.2 

By-Laws
 (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s registration statement on Form
 S-1, File No. 333-2550, which was declared effective by the Commission
 on
 August 13, 1996, and incorporated herein by
 reference.) 

10.1 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated April 1, 2004, between the Registrant and James L.
 Conway
 (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s 10-Q dated May 5,
 2004.) 

10.2 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement dated April 1, 2004, between the Registrant and John F.
 Phillips
 (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s 10-Q dated May 5,
 2004.) 

10.3 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated April 1, 2004, between the Registrant and Gerald
 O. Koop
 (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s 10-Q dated May 5,
 2004.) 

10.4 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated April 1, 2004, between the Registrant and Anthony
 F.
 Grisanti (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s 10-Q dated May 5,
 2004.) 

10.6 

1993
 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s
 registration statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-2550, which was
 declared
 effective by the Commission on August 13, 1996, and incorporated
 herein by
 reference.) 

10.7 

1998
 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Filed as an appendix to the Registrant s proxy
 statement dated September 30, 1999, relating to its 1999 Annual Meeting
 of
 Stockholders and incorporated herein by
 reference.) 

10.8 

1999
 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Filed as an appendix to the Registrant s proxy
 statement dated November 9, 2000, relating to its 2000 Annual Meeting
 of
 Stockholders and incorporated herein by
 reference.) 

10.9 
 
 2001
 Long-Term Incentive Plan - Amended (Filed as an exhibit to the
 Registrant s 8-K dated June 16,
 2005.) 

10.10 

1999
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Filed as an appendix to the Registrant s
 proxy statement dated November 9, 2000, relating to its 2000 Annual
 Meeting of Stockholders and incorporated herein by
 reference.) 

10.11 

Agreement
 dated June 1, 2001, between the Registrant and Fleet Bank (Filed
 as an
 exhibit to the Registrant s 10-K/A dated August 21,
 2003.) 

10.12 
 
 AIMS
 Acquisition Agreement (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s 8-K dated
 May 10, 2001.) 

10.13 

Agreement
 dated June 25, 2003, among Registrant, Creative Socio-Medics Corp.,
 Shuttle Data Systems Corp., d/b/a/ ADIA Information Management Corp.
 and
 Steven Heintz, Jr. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s 8-K dated July
 8, 2003.) 

10.14 

Lease
 agreement dated as of December 22, 2003, between Registrant and Spacely
 LLC. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s 10-K dated March 23,
 2004.) 

10.15 

Amended
 Executive Retirement, Non Competition and Consulting Plan. (Filed
 as an
 exhibit to the Registrant s 10-Q dated August 9,
 2004.) 

10.16 

Merger
 Agreement dated September 20, 2005, between CMHC Systems, Inc., Hayes
 Acquisition Corp., a newly-formed wholly-owned subsidiary of the
 Registrant, and John Paton, solely in the capacity of Securities
 Holders
 Representative. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated
 September 19, 2005.) 

10.17 

Revolving
 Credit and Term Loan Agreement with Netsmart Technologies, Inc. and
 the
 Bank of America, N.A. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K
 dated October 7, 2005.) 

10.18 

Asset
 Purchase Agreement dated June 17, 2005 between Addiction Management
 Systems, Inc. and Creative Socio-Medics Corp. (Filed as an exhibit
 to the
 Registrant s Form 8-K dated June 21,
 2005.) 

10.20 

Amendment
 No. 1 to Employment Agreement dated June 16, 2005, between the Registrant
 and James L. Conway. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K
 dated June 16, 2005.) 

10.21 

Amendment
 No. 1 to Employment Agreement dated June 16, 2005 between the Registrant
 and Anthony F. Grisanti. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K
 dated June 16, 2005.) 

10.22 

Asset
 Purchase Agreement dated April 27, 2005 between ContinuedLearning
 LLC and
 Creative Socio-Medics Corp. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form
 8-K dated April 27, 2005.) 

10.23 

Employment
 Agreement dated April 27, 2005 between Netsmart Technologies, Inc.
 and A.
 Sheree Graves. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated
 April 27, 2005.) 

10.24 

Letter
 Agreement between Griffin Securities, Inc. and Netsmart Technologies,
 Inc.
 dated as of August 9, 2005. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form
 S-3, File No. 333-129265.) 

10.25 

Letter
 Agreement between Griffin Securities, Inc. and Netsmart Technologies,
 Inc.
 dated as of October 11, 2005. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s
 Form S-3, File No. 333-129265.) 

10.26 

First
 Amendment and Waiver to Loan Agreement dated as of December 31, 2005
 between the Registrant and Bank of America, N.A. (Filed as an exhibit
 to
 Registrant s Form 8-K dated February 23,
 2006) 

10.27 

Employment
 Agreement between the Registrant and Gerald Koop dated April 5, 2006(Filed
 as an exhibit to Registrant s Form 8-K dated April 5,
 2006) 

10.28 

Asset
 Purchase Agreement dated as of July 31, 2006 by and between QS
 Technologies, Inc. and Intelligent Systems Corporation, as Sellers
 and
 Netsmart Public Health, Inc., as Buyer and Netsmart Technologies,
 Inc.
 (Filed as an exhibit to Registrant s Form 8-K dated August 1,
 2006) 

10.29 

Second
 Amendment and Waiver to Loan Agreement dated as of July 31, 2006
 between
 the Registrant and Bank of America, N.A. (Filed as an exhibit to
 Registrant s Form 8-K dated September 29,
 2006) 

10.30 

Merger
 Agreement dated November 18, 2006 between Netsmart Technologies,
 Inc., a
 Delaware corporation with NT Acquisition, Inc., NT Merger Sub, Inc.,and
 NT
 Acquisition, Inc. (Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated
 November 18, 2006.) 

10.31 

Amendment
 to employment agreement, between James L. Conway, dated as of November
 18,
 2006, with NT Investor Holdings, Inc., and the Registrant. (Filed
 as an
 exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K/A dated November 30,
 2006). 

10.32 

Amendment
 to employment agreement, between Anthony F. Grisanti, dated as of
 November
 18, 2006, with NT Investor Holdings, Inc., and the Registrant. (Filed
 as
 an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K/A dated November 30, 2006).

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent
 of Marcum Kliegman LLP 

24 
 
 Powers
 of Attorney (See Signature Page) 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer 

32 
 
 Certification
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section
 906 of
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 v068716_ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
 23.1 

Independent
 Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We
 consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of
 Netsmart Technologies, Inc. on Forms S-8 (File Nos. 333-111389, 333-101474,
 333-96015, 333-133031, 333-133030 and 333-71549) and S-3 (File Nos.
 333-129265 and 333-104565) of our report dated March 7, 2007, except for Note
 16
 as to which the date is March 14, 2007, with respect to our audits of the
 consolidated financial statements of Netsmart Technologies, Inc. and
 Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2006 and 2005 and for the years ended December
 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 and our report dated March 7, 2007 with respect to
 our
 audit of management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
 financial reporting and the effectiveness of internal control over financial
 reporting of Netsmart Technologies, Inc. as of December 31, 2006, which reports
 are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Netsmart Technologies, Inc.
 for the year ended December 31, 2006. 

Our
 report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 expressed an adverse opinion because of the existence of three material
 weaknesses. 

/s/
 Marcum Kliegman LLP 

Marcum
 Kliegman LLP 

 Melville,
 New York 

 March
 15,
 2007 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v068716_ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
 31.1 

CERTIFICATION
 OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I,
 James
 Conway, Chief Executive Officer of Netsmart Technologies, Inc., certify
 that: 

1. 

I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Netsmart Technologies,
 Inc.; 

2. 

Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
 of a
 material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
 were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 

Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
 included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
 registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
 report; 

4. 

The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
 control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 

Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
 controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
 ensure
 that material information relating to the registrant, including its
 consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
 entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
 being
 prepared; 

(b) 

Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
 control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to
 provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
 reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 

Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
 and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of
 the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
 covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 

Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
 likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting; and 

5. 

T he
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
 our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
 board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 functions): 

a) 

A ll
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
 operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 

Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
 employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 16, 2007 

/s/
 James L. Conway 

 James
 L.
 Conway 

 Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 v068716_ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION
 OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I,
 Anthony Grisanti, Chief Financial Officer of Netsmart Technologies,
 Inc., certify
 that: 

1. 

I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Netsmart Technologies,
 Inc.; 

2. 

Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
 of a
 material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
 were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 

Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
 included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
 registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
 report; 

4. 

The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
 control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 

Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
 controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
 ensure
 that material information relating to the registrant, including its
 consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
 entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
 being
 prepared; 

(b) 

Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
 control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to
 provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
 reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 

Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
 and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of
 the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
 covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 

Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
 likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting; and 

5. 

T he
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
 our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
 board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 functions): 

a) 

A ll
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
 operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 

Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
 employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 16, 2007 

/s/
 Anthony F. Grisanti 

 Anthony
 F. Grisanti 

 Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 v068716_ex32.htm

Exhibit
 32 

 CERTIFICATIONS
 PURSUANT TO 

18
 U.S.C.
 SECTION 1350 

 AS
 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
 connection with this annual report on Form 10-K of Netsmart Technologies, Inc.,
 for the period ended December 31, 2006, I James L. Conway, Chief Executive
 Officer of Netsmart Technologies, Inc., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 
1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
 that: 

1. this
 Form
 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2006 fully complies with the requirements
 of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
 and 

2. the
 information contained in this Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2006
 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
 of operations of Netsmart Technologies, Inc. 

Date:
 March 16, 2007 

By:
 /s/
 James L. Conway 

 James
 L.
 Conway 

 Chief
 Executive Officer 

In
 connection with this annual report on Form 10-K of Netsmart Technologies, Inc.
 for the period ended December 31, 2006, I, Anthony F. Grisanti, Chief Financial
 Officer of Netsmart Technologies, Inc., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 
1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
 that: 

1. this
 Form
 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2006 fully complies with the requirements
 of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
 and 

2. the
 information contained in this Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2006
 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
 of operations of Netsmart Technologies, Inc. 

Date:
 March 16, 2007 

By:
 /s/
 Anthony F. Grisanti 

 Anthony
 F. Grisanti 

 Chief
 Financial Officer 

A
 signed
 original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided
 to
 Netsmart Technologies, Inc. and will be retained by Netsmart Technologies,
 Inc.
 and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
 request. 

</EX-32>

