<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20070315_10-K_edgar_data_1268039_0000950124-07-001520.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>906848</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>297142</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>25629</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>390960</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950124-07-001520.hdr.sgml : 20070315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20070315153015
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950124-07-001520
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20061231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20070315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20070315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ORIGEN FINANCIAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001268039
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				200145649
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50721
		FILM NUMBER:		07696413

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		27777 FRANKLIN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1700
		CITY:			SOUTHFIELD
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48034
		BUSINESS PHONE:		248-746-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		27777 FRANKLIN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1700
		CITY:			SOUTHFIELD
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48034

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 OvlttOMAuOSawkPedZPlVBLA8aakI9Qlk6JTon6WPU7UzcGNUf45PWNaZFy3A7bn
 S2CPNyDkq+eLleRPokXdhQ==

 0000950124-07-001520.txt : 20070315

10-K
 1
 k13177e10vk.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2006

e10vk 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File No. 000-50721 

ORIGEN FINANCIAL, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 

20-0145649 

State of Incorporation

I.R.S. Employer I.D. No. 

27777 Franklin Road 
Suite 1700 
Southfield, Michigan 48034 
(248) 746-7000 
(Address of principal executive offices and telephone number)

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 None 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Common Stock, Par Value 0.01 per Share 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule
405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section
13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer,
or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of accelerated filer and large accelerated filer in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2006, the aggregate market value of the registrant s stock held by non-affiliates
was approximately 109,011,991 (computed by reference to the closing sales price of the
registrant s common stock as of June 30, 2006 as reported on the Nasdaq National Market). For this
computation, the registrant has excluded the market value of all shares of common stock reported as
beneficially owned by executive officers and directors of the registrant; such exclusion shall not
be deemed to constitute an admission that any such person is an affiliate of the registrant.

As of March 1, 2007, there were 25,865,401 shares of the registrant s common stock issued and
outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:

Portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed for its 2007 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Report.

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

2 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

7 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

19 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

19 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

19 

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

19 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE COMPANY S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

20 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

22 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

23 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 

39 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

41 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

75 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

75 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

75 

PART III 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

76 

SIGNATURES 

77 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

78 

Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 List of Origen Financial, Inc's Subsidiaries 
 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP 
 Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Section 906 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Table of Contents 

As used in this report, Company , Us , We , Our and similar terms means Origen Financial, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and, as the context requires, one or more of its subsidiaries. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

General 

Origen Financial, Inc. is an internally-managed and internally-advised Delaware corporation
that is taxed as a real estate investment trust, or REIT. We are a national consumer manufactured
housing lender and servicer. Currently, we originate loans in 43 states and we service loans in 47
states. We and our predecessors have originated more than 2.6 billion of manufactured housing
loans from 1996 through December 31, 2006 including 282.7 million in 2006. We additionally
processed 49.6 million in loans originated under third-party origination agreements in 2006. As of
December 31, 2006, our loan servicing portfolio of over 37,600 loans totaled approximately 1.6
billion in loan principal outstanding.

Origen Financial, Inc. was incorporated on July 31, 2003. On October 8, 2003, we began
operations when we acquired all of the equity interests of Origen Financial L.L.C. and its
subsidiaries. In the second quarter of 2004, we completed the initial public offering of our common
stock. Currently, most of our operations are conducted through Origen Financial L.L.C., our
wholly-owned subsidiary. We conduct the rest of our business operations through our other
wholly-owned subsidiaries, including taxable REIT subsidiaries, to take advantage of certain
business opportunities and ensure that we comply with the federal income tax rules applicable to
REITs.

Our executive office is located at 27777 Franklin Road, Suite 1700, Southfield, Michigan 48034
and our telephone number is (248) 746-7000. We maintain our servicing operations in Ft. Worth,
Texas and have other regional offices located in Duluth, Georgia and Glen Allen, Virginia. As of
December 31, 2006, we employed 278 people.

Our website address is www.origenfinancial.com and we make available, free of charge,
on or through our website all of our periodic reports, including our annual report on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, as soon as reasonably practicable
after we file such reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Recent Developments 

Servicer Rating 

In June 2006, Moody s Investors Service assigned Origen Servicing, Inc. a rating of SQ2- as a
Primary Servicer of manufactured housing loans. Origen Servicing, Inc. is a wholly owned
subsidiary of Origen Financial, L.L.C. Moody s rating is based on our above average collection
ability and average financial stability.

2006 A Securitization 

In August 2006, we completed our Origen Manufactured Housing Contract Trust Collateralized
Notes, Series 2006-A transaction. In this securitization, a special-purpose subsidiary issued
approximately 200.6 million in asset-backed certificates secured by manufactured housing contracts
with two separate floating rate classes of AAA rated bonds. Additional credit enhancement was
provided through the issuance of a financial guaranty insurance policy by Ambac Assurance
Corporation.

James A. Williams 

James A. Williams, a member of our Board of Directors, died on January 29, 2007. Mr. Williams,
age 64, served as a director since our inception in 2003. Mr. Williams was the Chairman of the
Compensation Committee, Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Executive Committee and
the Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board of Directors.

2 

Table of Contents 

Loan Origination, Acquisition and Underwriting 

General 

We and our predecessors have originated more than 2.6 billion of manufactured housing loans
from 1996 through December 31, 2006, including 282.7 million in 2006. We additionally processed
 49.6 million in loans originated under third-party origination agreements in 2006. We originate
and intend to continue to originate manufactured housing loans to borrowers who have above average
credit profiles and above average income, each as compared to manufactured housing borrowers as a
whole.

Although we consider FICO scores in underwriting loans, our primary underwriting tool is TNG ,
an internally-developed, externally-validated proprietary statistical scoring system that ranks the
risk of default for our manufactured home-only loans. Our loan origination activities are conducted
through proprietary systems maintained and enhanced by an internal staff of systems professionals.
Our home-only loan or chattel origination activities are centralized at our Southfield, Michigan
executive offices and our land-home origination activities are centralized at our Ft. Worth, Texas
facility.

Dealer, Broker and Correspondent Network 

We currently provide new and pre-owned manufactured housing financing through a network of
over 900 primarily independent retailers of new and pre-owned manufactured houses and loan brokers
specializing in the manufactured housing industry. We are focused on penetrating our existing
broker/retailer network to achieve a higher level of approvals and fundings from those approvals.
Each loan submitted to us by a retailer or broker must meet the standards for loan terms, advance
amounts, down payment requirements, residency type, and other pertinent parameters we have
established under our housing loan purchase programs.

We have invested heavily in technology to increase our penetration into the retailer network
and to streamline the application, approval and funding process. We have a proprietary web-based
delivery system, known as Origen Focus , for application, approval, funding, tracking, and
reporting of loans. This system allows for the application to be submitted and tracked over the
internet. During 2006, approximately 81 of our application volume was submitted through Origen
Focus. Loan applications submitted through Origen Focus seamlessly interface electronically with
our other proprietary loan processing systems. Origen Focus also eliminates the need for personnel
to input loan applications, improving our productivity and reducing our staffing costs.

We perform initial and periodic reviews of our loan sources. We underwrite their credit
profile, industry experience, sales and financing plans. We regularly monitor retailer performance
and rank retailers according to their default, delinquency, credit quality, approval and funding
ratios, and the volume of loans they submit to us, and, if necessary, we terminate relationships
with non-performing retailers.

We have developed a rewards program called Origen Elite Rewards that provides benefits to the
loan sources that provide us with the highest quality loans. These benefits include guaranteed same
day turnaround for completed applications and other service enhancements, specific pricing
incentives and improved financing options for new and pre-owned homes.

We also offer Recovery Rewards , a program that aligns the interests of the retailer, the
borrower and the lender. Recovery Rewards provides an incentive to sources whose loans perform,
and who assist us in improving recovery on those that do not.

During 2006, we entered into several correspondent relationships to source land-home loans.
Given the timing of the formation of these relationships, only 5.0 million in loan volume was
realized in 2006. We look to substantially expand this channel of origination in 2007.

3 

Table of Contents 

Underwriting 

We underwrite home-only loans, using our internally-developed proprietary credit scoring
system, TNG. We developed and continue to enhance TNG to predict defaults using empirical modeling
techniques. TNG takes into account information about each applicant s credit history, debt and
income, demographics, and the terms of the loan. The TNG model is fully integrated into our
origination system and is based on our historical lending experience. We have used TNG to back-test
all of our home-only loans originated since 1996 by Origen Financial L.L.C., its predecessors and
us. Following internal testing and validation, Experian Information Solutions, Inc., a leading
consumer credit reporting and risk modeling company, independently validated the TNG model.

All home-only applications are scored by TNG and then reviewed by an underwriter. TNG provides
the underwriter a recommendation of pass, fail or review. The recommendations are based upon
the underlying TNG score as well as other factors that may arise from the application. TNG alerts
underwriters to particular attention areas and provides review recommendations. It also provides a
reason for declination on fail recommendations. TNG is used to rescore the application throughout
the origination and underwriting process as the initial application information is verified and/or
terms and conditions of the loan change. In specially approved markets a comparable appraisal is
used to determine chattel manufactured housing values.

We also underwrite mortgage loans, often called land-home loans, collateralized by both the
manufactured houses and the underlying real estate. Because the land-home and home-only business
lines have different characteristics, predictive modeling has only been possible for the home-only
applications. We use our Internal Credit Rating grid and a full property appraisal to underwrite
land-home loans. The grid is a traditional underwriting method that primarily takes into account
the applicant s credit history, debt capacity and underlying collateral value.

In addition to using our proprietary TNG scoring model, we underwrite loans based upon our
review of credit applications to ensure loans will comply with internal company guidelines, which
are readily available on our intranet site. Our approach to underwriting focuses primarily on the
borrower s creditworthiness and the borrower s ability and willingness to repay the debt, which is
evaluated through TNG. Each contract originated by us is individually underwritten and approved or
rejected based on the TNG result and an underwriter s evaluation of the terms of the purchase
agreement, a detailed credit application completed by the prospective borrower and the borrower s
credit report, which includes the applicant s credit history as well as litigation, judgment and
bankruptcy information. Once all the applicable employment, credit and property-related information
is received, the application is evaluated to determine whether the applicant has sufficient monthly
income to meet the anticipated loan payment and other obligations.

Third-Party Originations 

We currently provide comprehensive loan origination services for several companies, including
Affordable Residential Communities ARC ), Sun Communities, Inc. Sun Communities and Hometown
America Hometown ), each of which is a nationwide owner-operator of manufactured housing
communities. Under these arrangements, we commit to use our origination platform to originate
manufactured housing loans for these third parties, which own the loans. We receive upfront
commitment fees for these origination services. In addition, we have the right to receive a
servicing fee with respect to many of these third party loans, although currently we do not retain
servicing rights for the Hometown loans. In the future we may seek to provide origination services
to other third parties under similar arrangements. We enter into these types of third-party
arrangements primarily to strengthen our relationships within the manufactured housing industry
with the goal of creating additional sources of revenue, especially servicing revenue. In addition,
the increased loan origination volume provided by these arrangements provides valuable information
that we use in our internal credit modeling and securitization program analyses.

Acquisitions of Manufactured Housing Loans and Securities from Existing Securitizations 

We believe there may be selective opportunities to acquire existing portfolios of manufactured
housing whole loans and bonds in outstanding securitizations backed by manufactured housing loans.
In the past we have acquired, and from time to time we may seek to acquire, such assets at
attractive prices.

4 

Table of Contents 

Servicing 

We service the manufactured housing loan contracts that we originate or purchase as well as
manufactured housing loan contracts owned by third parties. As of December 31, 2006, our loan
servicing portfolio of over 37,600 loans totaled approximately 1.6 billion in loan principal
outstanding. Our annual servicing fees range from 50 to 150 basis points of the outstanding balance
on manufactured housing loans serviced. The vast majority of loans we service are included in
securitized loan pools. As opportunities present themselves, we intend to grow our servicing
business by acquiring the servicing or subservicing rights to portfolios of manufactured housing
loans owned by third parties, including companies that have stopped originating manufactured home
loans but continue to own loan portfolios.

Servicing activities include processing payments received, recording and tracking all relevant
information regarding the loan and the underlying collateral, collecting delinquent accounts,
remitting funds to investors, repossessing houses upon loan default and reselling repossessed
houses. Our loan servicing activities are centralized at our national loan servicing center in Ft.
Worth, Texas.

Although we strive to continuously reduce delinquency, our primary servicing objectives are to
maintain a stream of borrower payments, limit loan defaults, and maximize recoveries on defaulted
loans. Accordingly, we perform loss mitigation activities on delinquent loans whereby we maintain
the borrower s delinquent status during the payment plan or other loan workout situation. The
industry has typically reported borrowers in loss mitigation as current. In our efforts to maximize
recoveries on defaulted loans, we may hold repossessed collateral longer to achieve a retail sale
to a consumer for a higher price rather than a quicker sale to a reseller at a lower price. This
business strategy may cause us to report higher delinquencies, but usually leads to improved
default and recovery performance.

Securitizations 

We have securitized a substantial portion of our owned manufactured housing loans and intend
in the future to originate and acquire manufactured housing loans for securitization. After
accumulating enough manufactured housing loans (typically not less than 150 million), we use
transactions known as asset-backed securitizations to pay off short term debt, replenish funds for
future loan originations, limit credit risk, and lock in the spread between interest rates on
borrowings with the interest rates on our manufactured housing loans. In our securitizations, the
manufactured housing loans are transferred to a bankruptcy remote trust that then issues bonds,
typically both senior and subordinate, collateralized by those manufactured housing loans. By
securitizing loans in this way, we eliminate the credit risk on our manufactured housing loans up
to the amount of bonds sold to investors. Likewise, the form of securitization is designed to
insulate the securitized loans from our creditors if we file for bankruptcy so that the loans
supporting the bonds issued by the trust will not be encumbered. This process enables us to fund
our business at competitive rates without asset-backed bond investors relying on our corporate
credit-worthiness.

In August 2006 we completed our 2006-A securitization of approximately 224.2 million in
principal balance of manufactured housing loans.

Insurance 

As a complement to our origination and servicing business, we offer property and casualty
insurance at the point of sale for manufactured housing loans we have originated or service.
Additionally, we have historically placed property and casualty insurance for lapsed policies,
primarily for manufactured housing loans we have originated or service. We estimate that the
closing of approximately 30 of all manufactured housing loans we originate is delayed because the
borrower has not obtained insurance or the insurance policy obtained by the borrower does not meet
our guidelines. By offering our borrowers the opportunity to obtain insurance from us, we are able
to close loans more quickly and efficiently because all insurance policies placed through us will
meet our guidelines.

5 

Table of Contents 

Competition 

The demand for manufactured housing financing is driven by the demand for manufactured
housing. Low mortgage rates and the availability of interest-only loans for traditional site built
housing has placed manufactured housing at a competitive disadvantage.

The manufactured housing finance industry is very fragmented. The market is served by both
traditional and non-traditional consumer finance sources. Several of these financing sources are
larger than us and have greater financial resources. In addition, some of the manufactured housing
industry s larger manufacturers maintain their own finance subsidiaries to provide financing for
purchasers of their manufactured houses. Our largest competitors in the industry include Clayton
Homes, Inc., through its subsidiaries 21st Mortgage Corporation and Vanderbilt Mortgage and
Finance, Inc., U.S. Bank, San Antonio Federal Credit Union and Triad Financial Services, Inc.
Traditional financing sources such as commercial banks, savings and loans, credit unions and other
consumer lenders, many of which have significantly greater resources than us and may be able to
offer more attractive terms to potential customers, including non-traditional mortgage products,
also provide competition in our market. Competition among industry participants can take many
forms, including convenience in obtaining a loan, amount and term of the loan, customer service,
marketing/distribution channels, loan origination fees, interest rates and credit related factors.

Corporate Governance 

We have implemented the following corporate governance initiatives to address certain legal
requirements promulgated under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as Nasdaq corporate
governance listing standards:

Our Board of Directors determined that at least one member of the Audit Committee of
our Board of Directors qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as such term is
defined under Item 401 of Regulation S-K. Each Audit Committee member is independent as
that term is defined under applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. 

Our Board of Directors adopted a Financial Code of Ethics for Senior Financial
Officers, which governs the conduct of our senior financial officers. A copy of this code
is available on our website at www.origenfinancial.com under the heading
 Investors and subheading Corporate Governance and is also available in print to any
stockholder upon written request to Origen Financial, Inc., 27777 Franklin Road, Suite
1700, Southfield, Michigan 48034. 

Our Board of Directors established and adopted charters for each of its Audit,
Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees. Each committee is comprised of
independent directors. A copy of each of these charters is available on our website at
 www.origenfinancial.com under the heading Investors and subheading Corporate
Governance and is also available in print to any stockholder upon written request to
Origen Financial, Inc., 27777 Franklin Road, Suite 1700, Southfield, Michigan 48034. 

Our Board of Directors adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which governs
business decisions made and actions taken by our directors, officers and employees. A copy
of this code is available on our website at www.origenfinancial.com under the
heading Investors and subheading Corporate Governance and is also available in print to
any stockholder upon written request to Origen Financial, Inc., 27777 Franklin Road, Suite
1700, Southfield, Michigan 48034. Additionally, we maintain a Confidential and Anonymous
Ethics Complaint Hotline maintained with an independent third party so that employees may
confidentially report infractions against our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to the
Compliance Committee. Through this arrangement, each Compliance Committee member has access
to two-way anonymous communications with the reporting employee. There are three submission
methods (voicemail, email and web form). There is a message management system that provides
the member an up-to-date snapshot of all incoming and outgoing communications. The ethics
hotline is accessible through our intranet system. 

The Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 requires the establishment of procedures whereby each
member of the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors is able to receive confidential,
anonymous communications regarding concerns in the areas of accounting, internal controls or auditing matters. We have
established a Confidential and Anonymous Financial Complaint Hotline , or whistleblower
hotline, maintained with an independent third party. Through this arrangement, each Audit
Committee member has access to two-way anonymous communications with the whistleblower. There
are three submission methods (voicemail, e-mail and web form). There is a message management
system that provides the member an up-to-date snapshot of all incoming and outgoing
communications. The Whistleblower Hotline is accessible through our website at
 www.origenfinancial.com under the heading Investors . 

6 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Our prospects are subject to certain uncertainties and risks. Our future results could differ
materially from current results, and our actual results could differ materially from those
projected in forward-looking statements as a result of certain risk factors. These risk factors
include, but are not limited to, those set forth below, other one-time events, and important
factors disclosed previously and from time to time in our other filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. This report contains certain forward-looking statements.

Risks Related to Our Business 

We may not generate sufficient revenue to make or sustain distributions to stockholders. 

We intend to distribute to our stockholders substantially all of our REIT net taxable income
each year so as to avoid paying corporate income tax on our earnings and to qualify for the tax
benefits accorded to a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code. Distributions will be made at the
discretion of our Board of Directors. Our ability to make and sustain cash distributions is based
on many factors, including the performance of our manufactured housing loans, our ability to borrow
at favorable rates and terms, interest rate levels and changes in the yield curve and our ability
to use hedging strategies to insulate our exposure to changing interest rates. Some of these
factors are beyond our control and a change in any such factor could affect our ability to pay
future distributions. We cannot assure our stockholders that we will be able to pay or maintain
distributions in the future. We also cannot assure stockholders that the level of distributions
will increase over time and that our loans will perform as expected or that the growth of our loan
acquisition and servicing business will be sufficient to increase our actual cash available for
distribution to stockholders.

We may not have access to capital to meet our anticipated needs. 

Our ability to achieve our investment objectives depends to a significant extent on our
ability to raise equity and to borrow money in sufficient amounts and on sufficiently favorable
terms to earn incremental returns and on our ability to securitize our loans. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to obtain such funding on terms favorable to us or at all. Even if
such funding is available, we may not be able to achieve the degree of leverage we believe to be
optimal due to decreases in the proportion of the value of our assets that we can borrow against,
decreases in the market value of our assets, increases in interest rates, changes in the
availability of financing in the market, conditions then applicable in the lending market and other
factors. Our inability to access capital could jeopardize our ability to fund loan originations and
continue operations.

We incur indebtedness to fund our operations, and there is no limit on the total amount of
indebtedness that we can incur. 

We borrow against, or leverage, our assets primarily through repurchase agreements,
securitizations of manufactured housing loans and secured and unsecured loans. The terms of such
borrowings may provide for us to pay a fixed or adjustable rate of interest, and may provide for
any term to maturity that management deems appropriate. The total amount of indebtedness we can
incur is not expressly limited by our certificate of incorporation or bylaws. Instead, management
has discretion as to the amount of leverage to be employed depending on management s measurement of
acceptable risk consistent with the nature of the assets then held by us. We face the risk that we
might not be able to meet our debt service obligations and, to the extent we cannot, we might be
forced to liquidate some of our assets at disadvantageous prices. Also, our debt service payments
will reduce the net income available for distributions to stockholders. Our use of leverage
amplifies the risks associated with other risk factors, which could reduce our net income or cause
us to suffer a loss.

7 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to securitize our manufactured housing loans or do so on favorable terms. 

We intend to securitize a substantial portion of the manufactured housing loans we originate.
We intend to account for securitizations as secured financings. In a typical securitization, we
issue collateralized debt securities of a subsidiary in multiple classes, which securities are
secured by an underlying portfolio of manufactured housing loans owned by the subsidiary. Factors
affecting our ability to securitize loans and to do so profitably, include:

conditions in the asset-backed securities markets generally; 

conditions in the manufactured housing asset-backed securities markets specifically,
including rating agencies views on the manufactured housing industry; 

the performance of the securities issued in connection with our securitizations; 

the nominal interest rate and credit quality of our loans; 

available market spreads over applicable indices on our cost of funds; 

our relationship with our bond and other investors in our securities and loans; 

our ability to obtain financial guaranty insurance policies, or insurance wraps, to
enhance the credit of our securitized borrowing; 

compliance of our loans with the eligibility requirements for a particular securitization; 

our ability to adequately service our loans, including our ability to maintain a servicer rating; 

adverse changes in state and federal regulations regarding high-cost and predatory lending; and 

any material negative rating agency action pertaining to certificates issued in our securitizations. 

In addition, federal income tax requirements applicable to REITs may limit our ability to use
particular types of securitization structures.

If we are unable to profitably securitize or sell in the whole loan sale market the
manufactured housing loans that we originate and that we may invest in from time to time, our net
revenues for the duration of our investment in those manufactured housing loans would decline,
which would lower our earnings for the time the loans remain in our portfolio. We cannot assure
stockholders that we will be able to complete loan securitizations in the future on favorable
terms, or at all.

Certain securitization structures may cause us to recognize income for accounting and tax purposes
without concurrently receiving the associated cash flow. 

Certain securitizations are structured to build overcollateralization over time with respect
to the loans that are the subject of the securitization or to accelerate the payment on senior
securities to enhance the credit ratings of such securities. Accordingly, these structures may
cause us to recognize income without concurrently receiving the associated cash flow. We have used
such securitization structures in the past and may use them in the future. These securitization
structures and the possible resulting mismatch between income recognition and receipt of cash flow
may require us to access the capital markets at times which may not be favorable to us.

8 

Table of Contents 

Our business may not be profitable in the future. 

While we had net income of approximately 7.0 million during the twelve months ended December
31, 2006, we incurred net losses of approximately 2.7 million and 3.0 million during the twelve
months ended December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Origen Financial L.L.C., our predecessor
company, which we acquired in October 2003, experienced net losses in each year of its existence
while growing its loan origination platform and business, including net losses of approximately
 23.9 million for the period from January 1, 2003 through October 7, 2003 and 29.2 million for
fiscal year 2002. We will need to generate significant revenues to maintain profitability. If we
are unable to achieve and maintain sufficient revenue growth, we may not be profitable in the
future. Even though we have achieved profitability during the twelve months ended December 31,
2006, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis.

We depend on key personnel, the loss of whom could threaten our ability to operate our business
successfully. 

Our future success depends, to a significant extent, upon the continued services of our senior
management team. In general, we have entered into employment agreements with these individuals.
There is no guarantee that these individuals will renew their employment agreements prior to the
termination of the employment agreements, some of which are scheduled to expire in 2007, or that
they otherwise will remain employed with us. The market for skilled personnel, especially those
with the technical abilities we require, is currently very competitive, and we must compete with
much larger companies with significantly greater resources to attract and retain such personnel.
The loss of services of one or more key employees may harm our business and our prospects.

Future acquisitions of loan portfolios, servicing portfolios and other assets may not yield the
returns we expect. 

We may make future acquisitions or investments in loan portfolios, servicing portfolios and
bonds in outstanding securitizations backed by manufactured housing loans. The relevant economic
characteristics of the assets we may acquire in the future may not generate returns or may not meet
a risk profile that our investors find acceptable. Furthermore, we may not be successful in
executing our acquisition strategy.

Our profitability may be affected if we are unable to effectively manage interest rate risk and
leverage. 

We derive our income in part from the difference, or spread, between the interest earned on
loans and interest paid on borrowings. In general, the wider the spread, the more we earn. In
addition, at any point in time there is an optimal amount of leverage to employ in the business in
order to generate the highest rate of return to our stockholders. When market rates of interest
change, the interest we receive on our assets and the interest we pay on our liabilities will
fluctuate. In addition, interest rate changes affect the optimal amount of leverage to employ. This
can cause increases or decreases in our spread and can affect our income, require us to modify our
leverage strategy and affect returns to our stockholders. Factors such as inflation, recession,
unemployment, money supply, international disorders, instability in domestic and foreign financial
markets and other factors beyond our control may affect interest rates.

We may pay distributions that result in a return of capital to stockholders, which may cause
stockholders to realize lower overall returns. 

Until we are able to originate and securitize a sufficient number of loans to achieve our
desired asset level and target leverage ratio, we may pay quarterly distributions that result in a
return of capital to our stockholders. Any such return of capital to our stockholders will reduce
the amount of capital available to us to originate and acquire manufactured housing loans, which
may result in lower returns to our stockholders. Return of capital amounted to 5.5 and 77.8 of
distributions in 2006 and 2005, respectively.

9 

Table of Contents 

Some of our investments are illiquid and their value may decrease. 

Some of our assets are and will continue to be relatively illiquid. In addition, certain of
the asset-backed securities that we may acquire may include interests that have not been registered
under the relevant securities laws, resulting in a prohibition against transfer, sale, pledge or
other disposition of those securities except in a transaction that is exempt from the registration
requirements of, or otherwise in accordance with, those laws. Our ability to vary our portfolio in
response to changes in economic and other conditions, therefore, may be relatively limited. No
assurances can be given that the fair market value of any of our assets will not decrease in the
future.

We may engage in hedging transactions, which can limit gains and increase exposure to losses. 

Periodically, we have entered into interest rate swap agreements in an effort to manage
interest rate risk. An interest rate swap is considered to be a hedging transaction designed to
protect us from the effect of interest rate fluctuations on our floating rate debt and also to
protect our portfolio of assets from interest rate and prepayment rate fluctuations. We intend to
use hedging transactions, primarily interest rate swaps and caps, in the future. The nature and
timing of interest rate risk management strategies may impact their effectiveness. Poorly designed
strategies may increase rather than mitigate risk. For example, if we enter into hedging
instruments that have higher interest rates embedded in them as a result of the forward yield
curve, and at the end of the term of these hedging instruments the spot market interest rates for
the liabilities that we hedged are actually lower, then we will have locked in higher interest
rates for our liabilities than would be available in the spot market at the time and this could
result in a narrowing of our net interest rate margin or result in losses. In some situations, we
may sell assets or hedging instruments at a loss in order to maintain adequate liquidity. There can
be no assurance that our hedging activities will have the desired beneficial impact on our
financial condition or results of operations. Moreover, no hedging activity can completely insulate
us from the risks associated with changes in interest rates and prepayment rates.

The competition we face could adversely affect our profitability. 

The demand for manufactured housing financing is driven by the demand for manufactured
housing. Reduced shipments of new houses from manufacturers may constrain our growth. The
manufactured housing industry faces competition from the traditional site built housing industry,
especially due to the wide availability of esoteric loan products from site built lenders. To the
extent that an increase in the demand for site built housing decreases the demand for manufactured
housing and manufactured housing financing, we could be adversely affected.

The manufactured housing finance industry is very fragmented. The market is served by both
traditional and non-traditional consumer finance sources. Several of these financing sources are
larger than us and have greater financial resources. In addition, some of the manufactured housing
industry s larger manufacturers maintain their own finance subsidiaries to provide financing for
purchasers of their manufactured houses. Our largest competitors in the industry include Clayton
Homes, Inc., through its subsidiaries 21st Mortgage Corporation and Vanderbilt Mortgage and
Finance, Inc., U.S. Bank, San Antonio Federal Credit Union and Triad Financial Services, Inc.
Traditional financing sources such as commercial banks, savings and loans, credit unions and other
consumer lenders, many of which have significantly greater resources than us and may be able to
offer more attractive terms to potential customers, including non-traditional mortgage products,
also provide competition in our market. Competition among industry participants can take many
forms, including convenience in obtaining a loan, amount and term of the loan, customer service,
marketing/distribution channels, loan origination fees, interest rates and credit related factors.
To the extent any competitor expands their activities in the manufactured housing industry, we
could be adversely affected.

10 

Table of Contents 

The success and growth of our business will depend upon our ability to adapt to and implement
technological changes. 

Our manufactured housing loan origination business is currently dependent upon our ability to
effectively develop relationships with retailers, brokers, correspondents, borrowers and other
third parties and to efficiently process loan applications and closings. The origination process is
becoming more dependent upon technological advancement, such as the ability to process applications
over the internet, accept electronic signatures, to provide process status updates instantly and
other customer-expected conveniences that are cost-efficient to our process. Implementing new
technology and becoming proficient with it may also require significant capital expenditures. As
these requirements increase in the future, we will have to continually develop our technological
capabilities to remain competitive or our business will be significantly harmed.

We may experience capacity constraints or system failures that could damage our business. 

If our systems or third-party systems cannot be expanded to support increased loan
originations, acquisitions of loan portfolios or additional servicing opportunities, or if such
systems fail to perform effectively, we could experience:

disruptions in servicing and originating loans; 

reduced borrower satisfaction; 

delays in the introduction of new loan services; or 

vulnerability to internet hacker raids, 

any of which could impair our reputation, damage the Origen brand, or otherwise have a material
adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.

Our ability to provide high-quality service also depends on the efficient and uninterrupted
operation of our technology infrastructure. Even though we have developed a redundant
infrastructure to protect our systems and operations, our systems are vulnerable to damage or
interruption from human error, natural disasters, telecommunication failures, break-ins, sabotage,
failure to adequately document the operation of software and hardware systems and procedures,
computer viruses, intentional acts of vandalism and similar events. If any of these events were to
occur, our business could be materially and adversely affected. Although we maintain business
interruption insurance to compensate for losses that could occur for any of these risks, such
insurance may not be sufficient to cover a significant loss.

If the prepayment rates for our manufactured housing loans are higher than expected, our results of
operations may be significantly harmed. 

Prepayments of our manufactured housing loans, whether due to refinancing, repayments,
repossessions or foreclosures, in excess of management s estimates could adversely affect our
future cash flow as a result of the resulting loss of any servicing fee revenue and net interest
income on such prepaid loans. Prepayments can result from a variety of factors, many of which are
beyond our control, including changes in interest rates and general economic conditions.

11 

Table of Contents 

If we are unable to maintain our network of retailers, brokers and correspondents, our loan
origination business will decrease. 

A significant majority of our originations of manufactured housing loans comes from retailers
and brokers. The retailers and brokers with whom we do business are not contractually obligated to
do business with us. Further, our competitors may also have relationships with these retailers and
brokers and actively compete with us in our efforts to strengthen our retailer and broker networks.
Accordingly, we cannot assure stockholders that we will be successful in maintaining our retailer
and broker networks, the failure of which could adversely affect our ability to originate
manufactured housing loans.

Part of our loan acquisition growth strategy involves the creation of correspondent
relationships. To the extent we are not successful in forming these relationships, our loan
acquisition volume could suffer.

We may not realize the expected recovery rate on the resale of a manufactured house upon its
repossession or foreclosure. 

Most states impose requirements and restrictions relating to resales of repossessed
manufactured houses and foreclosed manufactured houses and land, and obtaining deficiency judgments
following such sales. In addition to these requirements and restrictions, our ability to realize
the expected recovery rate upon such sales may be affected by depreciation or loss of or damage to
the manufactured house. Federal bankruptcy laws and related state laws also may impair our ability
to realize upon collateral or enforce a deficiency judgment. For example, in a Chapter 13
proceeding under federal bankruptcy law, a court may prevent us from repossessing a manufactured
house or foreclosing on a manufactured house and land. As part of the debt repayment plan, a
bankruptcy court may reduce the amount of our secured debt to the market value of the manufactured
house at the time of the bankruptcy, leaving us as a general unsecured creditor for the remainder
of the debt. A Chapter 7 bankruptcy debtor, under certain circumstances, may retain possession of
his or her house, while enforcement of our loan may be limited to the value of our collateral.

Data security breaches may subject us to liability or tarnish our reputation. 

In the ordinary course of our business, we acquire and maintain confidential customer
information. While we take great care in protecting customer information, we may incur liability if
it is accessed by third parties and our customers suffer negative consequences, such as identity
theft. We have taken precautions to guarantee the safety of all of our customers confidential
information. We also periodically review all of our data security policies and procedures in an
effort to avoid data breaches. However, there can be no guarantee that we will not be subject to
future claims arising from data breaches. In addition, our relationships with our borrowers,
retailers and brokers may be harmed if our reputation is tarnished by any such incident.

Risks Related to the Manufactured Housing Industry 

Manufactured housing loan borrowers may be relatively high credit risks. 

Manufactured housing loans make up substantially our entire loan portfolio. Typical
manufactured housing loan borrowers may be relatively higher credit risks due to various factors,
including, among other things, the manner in which borrowers have handled previous credit, the
absence or limited extent of borrowers prior credit history, limited financial resources, frequent
changes in or loss of employment and changes in borrowers personal or domestic situations that
affect their ability to repay loans. Consequently, the manufactured housing loans we originate and
have an ownership interest in bear a higher rate of interest, have a higher probability of default
and may involve higher delinquency rates and greater servicing costs relative to loans to more
creditworthy borrowers. Our profitability depends upon our ability to properly evaluate the
creditworthiness of borrowers and price each loan accordingly and efficiently service the contracts
by limiting our delinquency and default rates and foreclosure and repossession costs and by
maximizing our recovery rates. To the extent that aggregate losses on the resale of repossessed and
foreclosed houses exceed our estimates, our profitability will be adversely affected.

12 

Table of Contents 

Delinquency interrupts the flow of projected interest income from a manufactured housing loan,
and default can ultimately lead to a loss if the net realizable value of the collateral or real
property securing the manufactured housing loan is insufficient to cover the principal and interest
due on the loan. Also, our cost of financing and servicing a delinquent or defaulted loan is
generally higher than for a performing loan. We bear the risk of delinquency and default on loans
beginning when we originate them and continuing even after we sell loans with a retained interest
or securitize them. We also reacquire the risks of delinquency and default for loans that we are
obligated to repurchase. Repurchase obligations are typically triggered in sales or securitizations
if the loan materially violates our representations or warranties. If we experience
higher-than-expected levels of delinquency or default in pools of loans that we service, resulting
in higher than anticipated losses, our servicing rights may be terminated, which would result in a
loss of future servicing income and damage to our reputation as a loan servicer.

We attempt to manage these risks with risk-based loan pricing and appropriate underwriting
policies and loan collection methods. However, if such policies and methods are insufficient to
control our delinquency and default risks and do not result in appropriate loan pricing, our
business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be significantly harmed.

The manufactured housing industry has been in a downturn. 

The manufactured housing industry historically has been cyclical and is generally subject to
many of the same national and regional economic and demographic factors that affect the housing
industry generally. These factors, including consumer confidence, inflation, regional population
and employment trends, availability of and cost of alternative housing, weather conditions and
general economic conditions, tend to impact manufactured housing buyers to a greater degree than
buyers of traditional site built houses. In addition, sales of manufactured houses typically peak
during the spring and summer seasons and decline to lower levels from mid-November through
February. Due to aggressive underwriting practices by some industry lenders that led to increased
defaults, decreased recovery rates on repossessions, the continued excessive inventory of
repossessed houses and unfavorable volatility in the secondary markets for manufactured housing
loans, companies in the manufactured housing finance business have generally not been profitable
since 1998. Some of the industry s largest lenders have exited the business. Although we believe
that our business plan will be profitable in the long term, there can be no assurance that we will
in fact be profitable either in the long term or the short term.

Wide spreads between interest rates for manufactured housing loans and traditional site built
housing loans decrease the relative demand for manufactured houses. 

In the current interest rate environment and with the proliferation of non-traditional
mortgage products, traditional site built houses have become more affordable relative to
manufactured houses. If the difference between interest rates for manufactured housing loans and
traditional site built housing loans does not decrease, demand for manufactured housing loans may
decrease, which would decrease our loan originations.

Any substantial economic slowdown could increase delinquencies, defaults, repossessions and
foreclosures and reduce our ability to originate loans. 

Periods of economic slowdown or recession may be accompanied by decreased demand for consumer
credit, decreased real estate values, and an increased rate of delinquencies, defaults,
repossessions and foreclosures. We originate loans to some borrowers who make little or no down
payment, resulting in high loan-to-value ratios. A lack of equity in the house may reduce the
incentive a borrower has to meet his payment obligations during periods of financial hardship,
which might result in higher delinquencies, defaults, repossessions and foreclosures. These factors
would reduce our ability to originate loans and increase our losses on loans in which we have a
residual or retained interest. In addition, loans we originate during an economic slowdown may not
be as valuable to us because potential investors in or purchasers of our loans might reduce the
premiums they pay for the loans or related bonds to compensate for any increased risks arising
during such periods. Any sustained increase in delinquencies, defaults, repossessions or
foreclosures is likely to significantly harm the pricing of our future loan sales and
securitizations and also our ability to finance our loan originations.

13 

Table of Contents 

Our business may be significantly harmed by a slowdown in the economy of California where we
conduct a significant amount of business. 

We have no geographic concentration limits on our ability to originate, purchase or service
loans. For the year ended December 31, 2006, approximately 53 by principal balance and 36 by
number of loans of the loans we originated were in California. As of December 31, 2006,
approximately 36 of our loans receivable by principal balance was in California. An overall
decline in the economy or the residential real estate market in California or in any other state in
which we have a high concentration of loans could decrease the value of manufactured houses and
increase the risk of delinquency. This, in turn, would increase the risk of default, repossession
or foreclosure on manufactured housing loans in our portfolio or that we have sold to others.
Geographic concentration could adversely affect our ability to securitize pools of manufactured
housing loans.

Depreciation in the value of manufactured houses may decrease sales of new manufactured houses and
lead to increased defaults and delinquencies. 

Over the last several years, the value of manufactured houses has tended to depreciate over
time. This depreciation makes pre-owned houses, even relatively new ones, significantly less
expensive than new manufactured houses, thereby decreasing the demand for new houses, which
negatively affects the manufactured housing lending industry. Additionally, rapid depreciation may
cause the fair market value of borrowers manufactured houses to be less than the outstanding
balance of their loans. In cases where borrowers have negative equity in their houses, they may not
be able to resell their manufactured houses for enough money to repay their loans and may have less
incentive to continue to repay their loans, which may lead to increased delinquencies and defaults.

Tax Risks of Our Business and Structure 

Distribution requirements imposed by law limit our flexibility in executing our business plan, and
we cannot assure stockholders that we will have sufficient funds to meet our distribution
obligations. 

To maintain our status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we generally are required to
distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable net income each year. REIT taxable
net income is determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and by excluding net
capital gains. We are also required to pay federal income tax at regular corporate rates to the
extent that we distribute less than 100 of our net taxable income (including net capital gains)
each year. In addition, to the extent such income is not subject to corporate tax, we are required
to pay a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which certain distributions we pay
with respect to any calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income for that
calendar year, 95 of our capital gain net income for the calendar year and any amount of our
income that was not distributed in prior years.

We intend to distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable net income each
year in order to comply with the distribution requirements of the Internal Revenue Code and to
avoid federal income tax and the nondeductible excise tax. Differences in timing between the
receipt of income and the payment of expenses in arriving at REIT taxable net income and the effect
of required debt amortization payments could require us to borrow funds on a short-term basis,
access the capital markets or liquidate investments to meet the distribution requirements that are
necessary to achieve the federal income tax benefits associated with qualifying as a REIT even if
our management believes that it is not in our best interest to do so. We cannot assure our
stockholders that any such borrowing or capital market financing will be available to us or, if
available to us, will be on terms that are favorable to us. Borrowings incurred to pay
distributions will reduce the amount of cash available for operations. Any inability to borrow such
funds or access the capital markets, if necessary, could jeopardize our REIT status and have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition.

14 

Table of Contents 

We may suffer adverse tax consequences and be unable to attract capital if we fail to qualify as a
REIT. 

Since our taxable period ended December 31, 2003, we have been organized and operated, and
intend to continue to operate, so as to qualify for taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue
Code. Although we believe that we have been and will continue to be organized and have operated and
will continue to operate so as to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we cannot assure stockholders
that we have been or will continue to be organized or operated in a manner to so qualify or remain
so qualified. Qualification as a REIT involves the satisfaction of numerous requirements (some on
an annual and quarterly basis) established under highly technical and complex Internal Revenue Code
provisions for which there are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations, and
involves the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our
control. In addition, frequent changes may occur in the area of REIT taxation, which require us to
continually monitor our tax status.

If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we would be subject to federal income tax
(including any applicable alternative minimum tax) on our taxable net income at regular corporate
rates. Moreover, unless entitled to relief under certain statutory provisions, (generally requiring
reasonable cause for any REIT testing violations), we also would be disqualified from treatment as
a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost. This
treatment would reduce our net earnings available for investment or distribution to stockholders
because of the additional tax liability to us for the years involved. In addition, distributions to
stockholders would no longer be required to be made. Even if we qualify for and maintain our REIT
status, we will be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on our property and certain of
our operations.

Our use of taxable REIT subsidiaries will cause income from our servicing and insurance activities
to be subject to corporate level tax and may cause us to restrict our business activities .

To preserve our qualification as a REIT, we conduct all of our servicing and insurance
activities through one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. A taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to
federal income tax, and state and local income tax where applicable, as a regular C corporation.
Accordingly, net income from activities conducted by our taxable REIT subsidiaries is subject to
corporate level tax. In addition, under the Internal Revenue Code, no more than 20 of the total
value of the assets of a REIT may be represented by securities of one or more taxable REIT
subsidiaries. This limitation may cause us to restrict the use of certain securitization
transactions and limit the growth of our taxable REIT subsidiaries with the potential for decreased
revenue.

Our ability to sell and securitize our loans is limited due to various federal income tax rules
applicable to REITs. 

Under the Internal Revenue Code, a REIT is subject to a 100 tax on its net income derived
from prohibited transactions. The phrase prohibited transactions refers to the sales of
inventory or assets held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a taxpayer s
business. A taxpayer who engages in such sales is typically referred to as a dealer. If the
Internal Revenue Service does not respect the legal structure of certain of our third party loan
origination programs (see Business Loan Origination, Acquisition and Underwriting Third-Party
Originations ), we may be subject to the prohibited transactions tax on any net income derived from
these origination programs.

The Internal Revenue Service has taken the position that if a REIT securitizes loans using a
real estate mortgage investment conduit REMIC structure, then such activity will cause the REIT
to be treated as a dealer, with the result that the 100 tax would apply to the net income
generated from such activity. If we securitize loans using a REMIC, we intend to do so through one
or more taxable REIT subsidiaries, which will not be subject to such 100 tax, but will be taxable
at regular corporate federal income tax rates. We also may securitize mortgage assets through the
issuance of non-REMIC securities, whereby we retain an equity interest in the mortgage-backed
assets used as collateral in the securitization transaction. The issuance of any such instruments
could result, however, in a portion of our assets being classified as a taxable mortgage pool, 
which would be treated as a separate corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which in
turn could adversely affect the treatment of our stockholders for federal income tax purposes or
jeopardize our status as a REIT.

Special rules apply to a REIT, however, including a qualified REIT subsidiary that is
classified as a taxable mortgage pool. In this event, neither the REIT nor the qualified REIT
subsidiary will be subject to the corporate tax generally applicable to taxable mortgage pools. As
described below, however, the REIT s stockholders may have to
report excess inclusion income.

15 

Table of Contents 

A portion of our income from assets held directly by or through a qualified REIT subsidiary that is
classified as a taxable mortgage pool may represent phantom taxable income. 

A portion of our income from a qualified REIT subsidiary that would otherwise be classified as
a taxable mortgage pool may be treated as excess inclusion income, which would be subject to the
distribution requirements that apply to us and could therefore adversely affect our liquidity.
Generally, a stockholder s share of excess inclusion income would not be allowed to be offset by
any operating losses otherwise available to the stockholder. Tax exempt entities that own shares in
a REIT must treat their allocable share of excess inclusion income as unrelated business taxable
income. A REIT must also pay federal tax, at the highest corporate marginal tax rate, on any excess
inclusion income allocated to disqualified organizations (e.g., governmental agencies and tax
exempt organizations not subject to the tax on unrelated business income). Any portion of a REIT
dividend paid to foreign stockholders that is allocable to excess inclusion income will not be
eligible for exemption from the 30 withholding tax (or reduced treaty rate) on dividend income.

We may pay distributions that are in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits,
which may cause our stockholders to incur adverse federal income tax consequences. 

We may pay quarterly distributions to our stockholders in excess of 100 of our estimated REIT
taxable net income. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits are
not treated as a dividend and generally will not be taxable to a taxable U.S. stockholder under
current U.S. federal income tax law to the extent those distributions do not exceed the
stockholder s adjusted tax basis in his or her common stock. Instead, any such distribution
generally will constitute a return of capital, which will reduce the stockholder s adjusted basis
and could result in the recognition of increased gain or decreased loss to the stockholder upon a
sale of the stockholder s stock.

Other Risks 

We operate in a highly regulated industry and failure to comply with applicable laws and
regulations at the federal, state or local level could negatively affect our business. 

Currently, we originate both chattel, or home-only, loans and loans collateralized by both the
manufactured house and real property, or land-home loans, in 43 states. We also currently conduct
servicing operations in 47 states. Most states where we operate require that we comply with a
complex set of laws and regulations. These laws, which include installment sales laws, consumer
lending laws, mortgage lending laws and mortgage servicing laws, differ from state to state, making
uniform operations difficult. Most states periodically conduct examinations of our contracts and
loans for compliance with state laws. In addition to state laws regulating our business, our
consumer lending and servicing activities are subject to numerous federal laws and the rules and
regulations promulgated there-under.

These federal and state laws and regulations and other laws and regulations affecting our
business, including zoning, density and development requirements and building and environmental
rules and regulations, create a complex framework in which we originate and service manufactured
housing loans. Moreover, because these laws and regulations are constantly changing, it is
difficult to comprehensively identify, accurately interpret, properly program our technology
systems and effectively train our personnel with respect to all of these laws and regulations,
thereby potentially increasing our exposure to the risks of noncompliance with these laws and
regulations. As a result, we have not always been, and may not always be, in compliance with these
requirements, including licensing requirements.

16 

Table of Contents 

Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations can lead to:

defaults under contracts we have with third parties, which could cause those contracts to be terminated or renegotiated on
less favorable terms; 

civil fines and penalties and criminal liability; 

loss of licenses, exemptions or other approved status, which could in turn require us temporarily or permanently to cease
our affected operations; 

demands for indemnification, loan repurchases or modification of our loans; 

class action lawsuits; and 

administrative enforcement actions. 

The
increasing number of federal, state and local anti-predatory lending laws may restrict our
ability to originate or increase our risk of liability with respect to certain manufactured housing
loans and could increase our cost of doing business. 

In recent years, several federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations have been
adopted, or are under consideration, that are intended to eliminate
so-called predatory lending
practices. These laws, rules and regulations impose certain restrictions on loans on which certain
points and fees or the annual percentage rate, or APR, exceeds specified thresholds. Some of these
restrictions expose a lender to risks of litigation and regulatory sanction no matter how carefully
a loan is underwritten. In addition, an increasing number of these laws, rules and regulations seek
to impose liability for violations on purchasers of loans, regardless of whether a purchaser knew
of or participated in the violation. It is against our policy to engage in predatory lending
practices and we have generally avoided originating loans that exceed the APR or points and
fees thresholds of these laws, rules and regulations. These laws, rules and regulations may
prevent us from making certain loans and may cause us to reduce the APR or the points and fees on
loans that we do make. In addition, the difficulty of managing the risks presented by these laws,
rules and regulations may decrease the availability of warehouse financing and the overall demand
for our loans in the secondary market, making it difficult to fund, sell or securitize our loans.
If nothing else, the growing number of these laws, rules and regulations will increase our cost of
doing business as we are required to develop systems and procedures to ensure that we do not
violate any aspect of these new requirements.

We may be subject to fines, judgments or other penalties based upon the conduct of third parties
with whom we do business. 

The majority of our business consists of purchasing from retailers retail installment sales
contracts for the sale of a manufactured house. These contracts are subject to the Federal Trade
Commission s Holder Rule, which makes us subject generally to the same claims and defenses that
a consumer might have against the retailer that sold the consumer his or her manufactured house up
to the value of the payments made by the consumer. Increasingly federal and state agencies, as well
as private plaintiffs, have sought to impose third-party or assignee liability on purchasers or
originators of loans even where the Holder Rule and similar laws do not specifically apply. We
attempt to mitigate our risk for this liability by ending our relationships with retailers whose
practices we believe may put us at risk and limiting our retailer network to retailers that have
the ability to indemnify us against these types of claims. Although we routinely seek
indemnification from retailers in these situations, there is no assurance that we will not be
liable for these types of claims or that the retailer will indemnify us if we are held liable.

17 

Table of Contents 

Common stock eligible for future sale may have adverse effects on our share price. 

We cannot predict the effect, if any, of future sales of shares of our common stock (including
shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of currently outstanding options, and non-vested
shares issued under our 2003 Equity Incentive Plan), or the availability of shares for future
sales, or the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of common stock, or
the perception that these sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our
common stock. We also may issue from time to time additional shares of common stock and we may
grant registration rights in connection with these issuances. Sales of substantial amounts of
shares of common stock or the perception that these sales could occur may adversely affect the
prevailing market price for our common stock. In addition, the sale of these shares could impair
our ability to raise capital through a sale of additional equity securities.

Market interest rates may affect the value of our securities. 

One of the factors that investors may consider in deciding whether to buy or sell our
securities is our distribution rate as a percentage of our share price, relative to market interest
rates. If market interest rates increase, prospective investors may desire a higher distribution or
interest rate on our securities or seek securities paying higher distributions or interest. It is
likely that the public valuation of our common stock will be based primarily on the earnings that
we derive from the difference between the interest earned on our loans less net credit losses and
the interest paid on borrowed funds. As a result, interest rate fluctuations and capital market
conditions can affect the market value of our common stock.

Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors are limited,
which could limit stockholders recourse in the event of certain actions. 

Our certificate of incorporation limits the liability of our directors for money damages for
breach of a fiduciary duty as a director, except under limited circumstances. As a result, we and
our stockholders may have more limited rights against our directors than might otherwise exist. Our
bylaws require us to indemnify each director or officer who has been successful, on the merits or
otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made a party by reason of his or
her service to us. In addition, we may be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by our
directors and officers.

Our board of directors may change our investment and operational policies and practices without a
vote of our stockholders, which limits stockholder control of our policies and practices. 

Our major policies, including our policies and practices with respect to investments,
financing, growth, debt capitalization, REIT qualification and distributions, are determined by our
Board of Directors. Although we have no present intention to do so, our board of directors may
amend or revise these and other policies from time to time without a vote of our stockholders.
Accordingly, our stockholders will have limited control over changes in our policies. Our
organizational documents do not limit the amount of indebtedness that we may incur. Although we
intend to maintain a balance between our total outstanding indebtedness and the value of our
assets, we could alter this balance at any time. If we become highly leveraged, then the resulting
increase in debt service could adversely affect our ability to make payments on our outstanding
indebtedness and harm our financial condition.

18 

Table of Contents 

Certain provisions of Delaware law and our governing documents may make it difficult for a
third-party to acquire us. 

9.25 Ownership Limit . In order to qualify and maintain our qualification as a REIT,
not more than 50 of the outstanding shares of our capital stock may be owned, directly or
indirectly, by five or fewer individuals. Thus, ownership of more than 9.25 of our outstanding
shares of common stock by any single stockholder has been restricted, with certain exceptions, for
the purpose of maintaining our qualification as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code.

The 9.25 ownership limit, as well as our ability to issue additional shares of common stock
or shares of other stock (which may have rights and preferences over the common stock), may
discourage a change of control of the Company and may also: (1) deter tender offers for the common
stock, which offers may be advantageous to stockholders; and (2) limit the opportunity for
stockholders to receive a premium for their common stock that might otherwise exist if an investor
were attempting to assemble a block of common stock in excess of 9.25 of the outstanding shares of
the Company or otherwise effect a change of control of the Company.

Preferred Stock . Our charter authorizes the Board of Directors to issue up to
10,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to establish the preferences and rights (including the
right to vote and the right to convert into shares of common stock) of any shares issued. The power
to issue preferred stock could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of the
Company even if a change in control were in the stockholders interest.

Section 203. Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law is applicable to
certain types of corporate takeovers. Subject to specified exceptions listed in this statute,
Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law provides that a corporation may not engage in
any business combination with any interested stockholder for a three-year period following the
date that the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Although these provisions do not apply
in certain circumstances, the provisions of this section could discourage offers from third parties
to acquire us and increase the difficulty of successfully completing this type of offer.

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our executive offices are located in approximately 25,000 square feet of leased space at 27777
Franklin Road, Suite 1700 and Suite 1640, Southfield, Michigan 48034. The lease, which terminates
on August 31, 2011, provides for monthly rent of approximately 47,000. Certain of our officers and
directors own interests in the company from which we lease our executive offices.

We also lease office space for our offices in other locations. We currently have a lease
expiring in October 2007 for approximately 3,750 square feet of office space in Duluth, Georgia
with a current monthly rent of approximately 5,000; a lease expiring July 2009 for approximately
3,800 square feet of office space in Glen Allen, Virginia with a current monthly rent of
approximately 6,000; and a lease expiring in June 2012 for approximately 42,000 square feet of
office space in Fort Worth, Texas with a current monthly rent of approximately 30,000.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are involved in various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. All
such proceedings, taken together, are not expected to have a material adverse impact on our results
of operations or financial condition.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

Not applicable

19 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE COMPANY S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Market Information 

Our common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq National Market Nasdaq since May 5, 2004
under the symbol ORGN. On March 1, 2007, the closing sales price of our common stock was 5.88
per share and the common stock was held by approximately 73 holders of record. The following table
presents the per share high and low prices of our common stock for the periods indicated as
reported by the Nasdaq National Market. The stock prices reflect inter-dealer prices, do not
include retail mark-ups, mark-downs or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions.

High 
 
 Low 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2005 

First quarter

8.75 

6.65 

Second quarter

7.64 

6.58 

Third quarter

8.24 

6.69 

Fourth quarter

7.66 

6.37 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2006 

First quarter

7.24 

5.95 

Second quarter

6.79 

5.74 

Third quarter

6.48 

5.61 

Fourth quarter

6.99 

5.27 

The following table presents the distributions per common share that were paid with respect to
each quarter for 2005 and 2006.

Distribution 

per share 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2005 

First quarter

0.06 

Second quarter

0.06 

Third quarter

0.06 

Fourth quarter

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2006 

First quarter

0.03 

Second quarter

0.03 

Third quarter

0.03 

Fourth quarter

0.04 

Declared on March 1, 2007 and payable to holders of record as of March 26, 2007. Payment is
planned for April 2, 2007. 

In order to qualify for the tax benefits accorded to REITs under the Internal Revenue Code, we
must, and we intend to, make distributions to our stockholders each year in an amount at least
equal to (i) 90 of our REIT taxable net income (before the deduction for dividends paid and not
including any net capital gain), plus (ii) 90 of the excess of our net income from foreclosure
property over the tax imposed on such income by the Internal Revenue Code, minus (iii) any excess
non-cash income. Differences in timing between the receipt of income and the payment of expenses
and the effect of required debt amortization payments could require us to borrow funds on a
short-term basis, access the capital markets or liquidate investments to meet this distribution
requirement.

The actual amount and timing of distributions will be at the discretion of our Board of
Directors and will depend upon our actual results of operations. To the extent not inconsistent
with maintaining our REIT status, we may maintain accumulated earnings of our taxable REIT
subsidiaries in those subsidiaries.

In the future, our Board of Directors may elect to adopt a dividend reinvestment plan.

20 

Table of Contents 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table reflects information about the securities authorized for issuance under
our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2006.

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Number of securities 

Number of 

remaining available for 

securities to be 

Weighted-average 

future issuance under 

issued upon exercise 

exercise price of 

equity compensation 

of outstanding 

Outstanding 

plans (excluding 

options, warrants 

options, warrants 

securities reflected in 

Plan Category 
 
 and rights 

and rights 

column (a)) 

Equity
compensation plans
approved by
shareholders

243,500 

10.00 

275,987 

Equity compensation
plans not approved
by shareholders

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Total

243,500 

10.00 

275,987 

Stockholder Return Performance Presentation 

Set forth below is a line graph comparing the yearly percentage change in the cumulative total
stockholder return on our common stock against the cumulative total return of a broad market index
composed of all issuers listed on the Nasdaq National Market (NASDAQ) and the SNL Finance REITs
Index for the period beginning on May 5, 2004 (the date of our initial public offering) and ending
on December 31, 2006. This line graph assumes a 100 investment on May 5, 2004, a reinvestment of
dividends and actual decrease of the market value of our common stock relative to an initial
investment of 100. The comparisons in this table are required by the applicable SEC regulations
and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our common
stock.

Period Ending 

Index 
 
 05/05/04 
 
 12/31/04 
 
 12/31/05 
 
 12/31/06 

Origen Financial, Inc.

100.00 

97.60 

95.84 

93.62 

NASDAQ Composite

100.00 

111.97 

114.41 

126.29 

SNL Finance REITs Index

100.00 

127.38 

101.92 

129.10 

21 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Origen Financial, Inc. 

Origen Financial L.L.C. (4) 

Period from 

October 8 

Period from 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

through 

January 1 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

through October 

December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

2003 (1) 

7, 2003 

2002 

Operating Statement Data:

Interest income on loans

74,295 

59,391 

42,479 

7,339 

16,398 

9,963 

Gain on sale and securitization
of loans

28 

2,719 

Servicing and other revenues

17,787 

14,651 

11,184 

2,880 

7,329 

7,703 

Total revenue

92,082 

74,042 

53,663 

10,219 

23,755 

20,385 

Interest expense

43,498 

28,468 

15,020 

2,408 

11,418 

5,935 

Provisions for loan loss,
recourse liability and write
down of residual interests

7,069 

13,633 

10,210 

768 

9,849 

18,176 

Distribution of preferred
interest

1,662 

Other operating expenses

34,566 

34,600 

31,399 

5,546 

24,754 

25,461 

Total expenses

85,133 

76,701 

56,629 

8,722 

47,683 

49,572 

Income (loss) before
income taxes and
cumulative effect of
change in accounting
principle

6,949 

(2,659) 

(2,966) 

1,497 

(23,928) 

(29,187) 

Provision for income taxes(2)

24 

Cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle

46 

Net income (loss)

6,971 

(2,659) 

(2,966) 

1,497 

(23,928) 

(29,187) 

Earning (loss) per share 
Diluted(3)

0.28 

(0.11) 

(0.14) 

0.10 

Distributions paid per share

0.09 

0.22 

0.35 

0.098 

Balance Sheet Data:

Loans receivable, net of
allowance for losses

950,226 

768,410 

563,268 

368,040 

279,300 

173,764 

Servicing rights

2,508 

3,103 

4,097 

5,131 

5,892 

7,327 

Retained interests in loan
securitizations

724 

749 

785 

5,833 

Goodwill

32,277 

32,277 

32,277 

32,277 

18,332 

18,332 

Cash and other assets

88,056 

89,213 

82,181 

37,876 

22,894 

22,492 

Total assets

1,073,067 

893,003 

682,547 

444,073 

327,203 

227,748 

Total debt

842,300 

669,708 

455,914 

277,441 

273,186 

196,031 

Preferred interest in subsidiary

45,617 

Other liabilities

26,303 

23,344 

23,167 

24,312 

22,345 

21,413 

Members /Stockholders 
Equity/Capital

204,464 

199,951 

203,466 

142,320 

(13,945) 

10,304 

Other Information

Cash Flow Data: (provided
by/(used in))

From operating activities

16,287 

18,167 

8,606 

(8,841) 

(7,642) 

115,251 

From investing activities

(193,265) 

(229,183) 

(245,125) 

(85,665) 

(112,547) 

(188,277) 

From financing activities

171,238 

210,030 

238,886 

100,254 

121,110 

73,032 

Selected Ratios

Return on average assets

0.70 

(0.33) 

(0.52) 

1.43 

(8.52) 

(18.79) 

Return on average equity

3.45 

(1.29) 

(1.56) 

4.21 

(1352.96) 

(91.29) 

Average equity to average assets

20.29 

25.63 

33.03 

33.91 

0.63 

20.58 

(1) 
 
 Origen Financial, Inc. began operations on October 8, 2003 as a REIT with Origen Financial
L.L.C. as a wholly-owned subsidiary. 

(2) 
 
 As a REIT, Origen Financial, Inc. is not required to pay federal corporate income taxes on its
net income that is currently distributed to its stockholders. As a limited liability company,
Origen Financial L.L.C. does not incur income taxes. 

(3) 
 
 As a limited liability company, Origen Financial L.L.C. did not report earnings per share. 

(4) 
 
 Origen Financial L.L.C. is our predecessor for accounting purposes. However, we believe that
its business, financial statements and results of operations are quantitatively different from
ours. Its results of operations reflect capital constraints and corporate and business strategies,
including commercial mortgage loan origination and servicing, which are different than ours. We
also have elected to be taxed as a REIT. Accordingly, we believe the historical financial results
of Origen Financial L.L.C. are not indicative of our future performance. 

22 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition and results of
operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes
thereto.

Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and
liquidity and capital resources contained within this Form 10-K is more clearly understood when
read in conjunction with our historical financial statements and the related notes. The notes to
the financial statements provide information about us, as well as the basis for presentation used
in this Form 10-K.

Overview 

In October 2003, we began operations upon the acquisition of all of the equity interests of
Origen Financial L.L.C. We also took steps to qualify Origen Financial, Inc. as a REIT. In the
second quarter of 2004, we completed the initial public offering of our common stock. Currently,
most of our operations are conducted through Origen Financial L.L.C., our wholly-owned subsidiary.
We conduct the rest of our business operations through our other wholly-owned subsidiaries,
including taxable REIT subsidiaries, to take advantage of certain business opportunities and ensure
that we comply with the federal income tax rules applicable to REITs.

In June 2006, Moody s Investors Service assigned Origen Servicing, Inc. a rating of SQ2- as a
Primary Servicer of manufactured housing loans. Origen Servicing, Inc. is a wholly owned
subsidiary of Origen Financial, L.L.C. Moody s rating is based on our above average collection
ability and average financial stability.

In August 2006, we completed our Origen Manufactured Housing Contract Trust Collateralized
Notes, Series 2006-A transaction. In this securitization, a special-purpose subsidiary issued
approximately 200.6 million in asset-backed certificates secured by manufactured housing contracts
with two separate floating rate classes of AAA rated bonds. Additional credit enhancement was
provided through the issuance of a financial guaranty insurance policy by Ambac Assurance
Corporation.

Despite difficult industry conditions, including the inverted yield curve and another decline
in manufactured housing shipments, we experienced a 5.5 increase in loan origination volume in
2006 as compared to 2005. Our portfolio performance, as measured by delinquencies, continued to
improve as loans 60 or more days delinquent decreased from 1.3 of the loan portfolio at December
31, 2005 to 0.9 at December 31, 2006. Additionally, we have experienced improvements in recovery
rates on the re-marketing of repossessed or foreclosed assets. The execution of our securitizations
has continued to improve, as we have seen overcollateralization levels in our securitizations fall
from 18.0 for our 2004-A securitization to 10.5 for our 2006-A securitization. However, rising
interest rates, the flattening yield curve and competition have prevented us from raising rates on
our loans originated and as a result we have seen decreases in our interest rate margin.

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based
upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosures. On an on-going basis, we evaluate
these estimates, including those related to reserves for credit losses, recourse liabilities,
servicing rights and retained interests in loans sold and securitized. Estimates are based on
historical experience, information received from third parties and on various other assumptions
that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under conditions different from our
assumptions. We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant
judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.

23 

Table of Contents 

Securitizations Structured as Financings 

We engage in securitizations of our manufactured housing loan receivables. We have structured
all loan securitizations occurring since 2003 as financings for accounting purposes under Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 140 SFAS 140 ), Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of
Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities a replacement of FASB Statement No. 125. 
In the future, we intend to continue to structure and account for our securitizations as
financings. When a loan securitization is structured as a financing, the financed asset remains on
our books along with the recorded liability that evidences the financing, typically bonds. Income
from both the loan interest spread and the servicing fees received on the securitized loans are
recorded into income as earned. An appropriate allowance for credit losses is maintained on the
loans. Deferred debt issuance costs and discount related to the bonds are amortized on a level
yield basis over the estimated life of the bonds.

Loans Receivable 

Loans receivable consist of manufactured housing loans under contracts collateralized by the
borrowers manufactured houses and in some instances, related land. All loans receivable are
classified as held for investment and are carried at amortized cost, except for loans purchased
with evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination, which are described below.
Interest on loans is credited to income when earned. Loans receivable include accrued interest and
are presented net of deferred loan origination fees and costs and an allowance for estimated loan
losses.

Allowance for Loan Losses 

Determining an appropriate allowance for loan losses involves a significant degree of
estimation and judgment. The process of estimating the allowance for loan losses may result in
either a specific amount representing the impairment estimate or a range of possible amounts.
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 5, Accounting for Contingencies, provides
guidance on accounting for loan losses associated with pools of loans and requires the accrual of a
loss when it is probable that an asset has been impaired and the amount of the loss can be
reasonably estimated. Our loan portfolio is comprised of manufactured housing loans with an average
loan balance of less than 50,000. The allowance for loan losses is developed at the portfolio
level and the amount of the allowance is determined by establishing a calculated range of probable
losses. A lower range of probable losses is calculated by applying historical loss rate factors to
the loan portfolio on a stratified basis using current portfolio performance and delinquency levels
(0-30 days, 31-60 days, 61-90 days and greater than 90 days delinquent). An upper range of probable
losses is calculated by the extrapolation of probable loan impairment based on the correlation of
historical losses by vintage year of origination. Financial Accounting Standards Board
Interpretation No. 14, Reasonable Estimation of the Amount of a Loss an interpretation of FASB
Statement No. 5, states that a creditor should recognize the amount that is the best estimate
within the estimated range of loan losses. Accordingly, the determination of an amount within the
calculated range of losses is in recognition of the fact that historical charge-off experience,
without adjustment, may not be representative of current impairment of the current portfolio of
loans because of changed circumstances. Such changes may relate to changes in the age of loans in
the portfolio, changes in the creditor s underwriting standards, changes in economic conditions
affecting borrowers in a geographic region, or changes in the business climate in a particular
industry.

Loan Pools and Debt Securities Acquired with Evidence of Deterioration of Credit Quality 

We account for loan pools and debt securities acquired with evidence of deterioration of
credit quality at the time of acquisition in accordance with the provisions of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants AICPA Practice Bulletin 6 PB 6 ), Amortization of
Discounts on Certain Acquired Loans, as well as the AICPA s Statement of Position 03-3 SOP
03-3 ), Accounting for Certain Loans or Debt Securities Acquired in a Transfer . The carrying
values of such purchased loan pools and debt securities were approximately 29.6 million and 3.6
million, respectively, at December 31, 2006 and 35.1 million and 3.8 million, respectively, at
December 31, 2005, and are included in loans receivable and investments held to maturity,
respectively, in the consolidated balance sheet.

24 

Table of Contents 

We adopted the provisions of SOP 03-3 in January 2005 and apply those provisions to loan pools
and debt securities acquired after December 31, 2004. The provisions of SOP 03-3 that relate to
decreases in expected cash flows amend PB 6 for consistent treatment and apply prospectively to
receivables acquired before January 1, 2005. Purchased loans and debt instruments acquired before
January 1, 2005 will continue to be accounted for under PB 6, as amended, for provisions related to
decreases in expected cash flows. Under the provisions of SOP 03-3, each static pool of loans and
debt securities is statistically modeled to determine its projected cash flows. We consider
historical cash collections for loan pools and debt securities with similar characteristics as well
as expected prepayments and estimate the amount and timing of undiscounted expected principal,
interest and other cash flows for each pool of loans and debt security. An internal rate of return
is calculated for each static pool of receivables based on the projected cash flows and applied to
the balance of the static pool. The resulting revenue recognized is based on the internal rate of
return applied to the remaining balance of each static pool of accounts. Each static pool is
analyzed at least quarterly to assess the actual performance compared to the expected performance.
To the extent there are differences in actual performance versus expected performance, the internal
rate of return is adjusted prospectively to reflect the revised estimate of cash flows over the
remaining life of the static pool. Beginning January 2005, if revised cash flow estimates are less
than the original estimates, SOP 03-3 requires that the internal rate of return remain unchanged
and an immediate impairment be recognized. For loans acquired with evidence of deterioration of
credit quality, if cash flow estimates increase subsequent to recording an impairment, SOP 03-3
requires reversal of the previously recognized impairment before any increases to the internal rate
of return are made. For any remaining increases in estimated future cash flows for loan pools or
debt securities acquired with evidence of deterioration of credit quality, we adjust the amount of
accretable yield recognized on a prospective basis over the remaining life of the loan pool or debt
security.

Application of the interest method of accounting requires the use of estimates to calculate a
projected internal rate of return for each pool. These estimates are based on historical cash
collections. If future cash collections are materially different in amount or timing than projected
cash collections, earnings could be affected, either positively or negatively. Higher collection
amounts or cash collections that occur sooner than projected cash collections will have a favorable
impact on yields and revenues. Lower collection amounts or cash collections that occur later than
projected cash collections will have an unfavorable impact and result in an immediate impairment
being recognized.

Derivative Financial Instruments 

We have periodically used derivative instruments, including forward sales of U.S. Treasury
securities, U.S. Treasury rate locks and forward interest rate swaps to mitigate interest rate risk
related to our loans receivable and anticipated securitizations. We follow the provisions of
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 SFAS 133 ), Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities (as amended by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
149). All derivatives are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. On the date a derivative
contract is entered into, we designate the derivative as a hedge of either a forecasted transaction
or the variability of cash flow to be paid cash flow hedge). Changes in the fair value of a
derivative that is qualified, designated and highly effective as a cash flow hedge are recorded in
other comprehensive income until earnings are affected by the forecasted transaction or the
variability of cash flow and are then reported in current earnings. Any ineffectiveness is recorded
in current earnings.

We formally document all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well
as the risk-management objectives and strategy for undertaking the hedge transaction. This process
includes linking cash flow hedges to specific forecasted transactions or variability of cash flow.

We also formally assess, both at the hedge s inception and on an ongoing basis, whether the
derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in
cash flow of hedged items. When it is determined that a derivative is not highly effective as a
hedge or that it has ceased to be a highly effective hedge, we discontinue hedge accounting
prospectively, in accordance with SFAS 133.

Derivative financial instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting are carried at fair
value and changes in fair value are recognized currently in earnings.

25 

Table of Contents 

Share-Based Compensation 

In connection with our formation, we adopted an equity incentive plan. We adopted the
provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 revised SFAS 123(R) ),
 Share-Based Payment, on January 1, 2006, using the modified-prospective transition method, in
order to account for our equity incentive plan. In connection with the adoption of SFAS 123(R) we
recorded a cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle in the amount of 46,000 to
reflect the change in accounting for forfeitures. Results for prior periods have not been restated.
SFAS 123(R) addresses the accounting for share-based payment transactions in which an enterprise
receives employee services in exchange for (a) equity instruments of the enterprise or (b)
liabilities that are based on the fair value of the enterprise s equity instruments or that may be
settled by the issuance of such equity instruments. Under this pronouncement, all forms of
share-based payments to employees, including employee stock options, are treated the same as other
forms of compensation by recognizing the related cost in the income statement. The expense of the
award would generally be measured at fair value at the grant date. The fair value of each option
granted would be determined using a binomial option-pricing model based on assumptions related to
annualized dividend yield, stock price volatility, risk free rate of return and expected average
term. Prior to January 1, 2006, as permitted under the provisions of SFAS No. 123, Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation, as amended, we chose to recognize compensation expense using the
intrinsic value-based method of valuing stock options prescribed in APB No. 25, Accounting for
Stock Issued to Employees and related interpretations. Under the intrinsic value-based method,
compensation cost is measured as the amount by which the quoted market price of our common stock at
the date of grant exceeds the stock option exercise price. All options we granted prior to the
adoption of SFAS 123(R) were granted at a fixed price not less than the market value of the
underlying common stock on the date of grant and, therefore, were not included in compensation
expense, prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 123(R).

Goodwill Impairment 

The provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets, require that recorded goodwill be tested for impairment on an annual basis. The
initial and on-going estimate of our fair value is based on our assumptions and projections. Once
determined, the amount is compared to our net book value to determine if a write-down in the
recorded value of the goodwill is necessary.

Income Taxes 

We have elected to be taxed as a REIT as defined under Section 856(c)(1) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). In order for us to qualify as a REIT, at least
ninety-five percent (95 of our gross income in any year must be derived from qualifying sources.
In addition, a REIT must distribute at least ninety percent (90 of its REIT taxable net income to
its stockholders.

Qualification as a REIT involves the satisfaction of numerous requirements (some on an annual
and quarterly basis) established under highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there
are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations, and involves the determination of
various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. In addition, frequent
changes occur in the area of REIT taxation, which requires us to continually monitor our tax
status.

We have received a legal opinion to the effect that based on various assumptions and
qualifications set forth in the opinion, Origen Financial, Inc. has been organized and has operated
in conformity with the requirements for qualification as a REIT under the Code for its taxable
years ended December, 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004. There is no assurance that the Internal Revenue
Service will not decide differently from the views expressed in counsel s opinion and such opinion
represents only the best judgment of counsel and is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or
the courts.

26 

Table of Contents 

As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes at the corporate
level on the ordinary taxable income we distribute to our stockholders as dividends. If we fail to
qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, our taxable income will be subject to U.S. federal income
tax at regular corporate rates (including any applicable alternative minimum tax). Even if we
qualify as a REIT, we may be subject to certain state and local income taxes and to U.S. federal
income and excise taxes on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, taxable income from
non-REIT activities managed through taxable REIT subsidiaries, if any, is subject to federal and
state income taxes. An income tax allocation is required to be estimated on our taxable income
generated by our taxable REIT subsidiaries. Deferred tax components arise based upon temporary
differences between the book and tax basis of items such as the allowance for loan losses,
accumulated depreciation, share-based compensation and goodwill.

Financial Condition 

December 31, 2006 Compared to December 31, 2005 

At December 31, 2006 and 2005 we held loans representing approximately 956.6 million and
 781.7 million of principal balances, respectively. Net loans outstanding constituted over 88 and
86 of our total assets at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Approximately 215.3 million
of the loans on our balance sheet at December 31, 2006 were included in our August 2006
securitization, and will continue to be carried on our balance sheet as the securitization
transaction was structured as a financing. To the extent loans on our balance sheet are eligible on
an individual basis and not already included in our securitized pools, we plan to securitize such
loans and issue asset-backed bonds through periodic transactions in the asset-backed securitization
market. The timing of any securitization will depend on prevailing market conditions and the
availability of sufficient total loan balances to constitute an efficient transaction.

New loan originations for the year ended December 31, 2006 increased 5.5 to 282.7 million
compared to 268.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2005. The increase was primarily due to
our focus on customer service and the use of technology to deliver our products and services. We
additionally processed 49.6 million and 32.0 million in loans originated under third-party
origination agreements for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

During the year ended December 31, 2006, we purchased 4.2 million in loans from Sun Home
Services, Inc., a subsidiary of Sun Communities, Inc. Sun Communities ). The purchase price
approximated fair value. An affiliate of Sun Communities owns approximately 19 of our outstanding
common stock. We did not purchase any loans from Sun Communities or its affiliates during the year
ended December 31, 2005.

The carrying amount of loans receivable consisted of the following at December 31 (in
thousands):

2006 

2005 

Manufactured housing loans securitized

825,811 

695,701 

Manufactured housing loans unsecuritized

130,828 

85,949 

Accrued interest receivable

4,840 

4,078 

Deferred loan origination costs (fees)

1,271 

(2,100) 

Discount on purchased loans

(3,155) 

(4,773) 

Allowance for purchased loans

(913) 

(428) 

Allowance for loan losses

(8,456) 

(10,017) 

950,226 

768,410 

27 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the average individual loan balance, weighted average loan
yield, and weighted average initial term at December 31 (dollars in thousands):

2006 
 
 2005 

Number of loans receivable

20,300 

17,277 

Average loan balance

47 

45 

Weighted average loan coupon (a)

9.50 

9.56 

Weighted average initial term

20 years 
 
 20 years 

(a) 
 
 The weighted average loan coupon includes an imbedded servicing fee rate resulting from
securitization or sale of the loan, but accounted for as a financing. 

Delinquency statistics for the loan receivable portfolio at December 31 are as follows
(dollars in thousands):

2006 
 
 2005 

No. of 
 
 Principal 
 
 of 
 
 No. of 
 
 Principal 
 
 of 

Days delinquent 
 
 Loans 
 
 Balance 
 
 Portfolio 
 
 Loans 
 
 Balance 
 
 Portfolio 

31 60

248 

9,354 

1.0 

215 

8,182 

1.0 

61 90

86 

3,159 

0.3 

68 

2,561 

0.3 

Greater than 90

131 

5,416 

0.6 

192 

7,480 

1.0 

We define non-performing loans as those loans that are 90 or more days delinquent in
contractual principal payments. The average balance of non-performing loans was 5.7 million for
the year ended December 31, 2006 compared to 6.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2005, a
decrease of 1.2 million, or 17.4 . Non-performing loans as a percentage of average outstanding
principal balance were 0.6 for the year ended December 31, 2006 compared to 1.1 for the year
ended December 31, 2005.

The improvement in our asset quality statistics for the year ended December 31, 2006 compared
to the year ended December 31, 2005 reflects our continued emphasis on the credit quality of our
borrowers and the improved underwriting and origination practices we have put into place. Lower
levels of non-performing assets and net charge-offs should have a positive effect on future
earnings through decreases in the provision for credit losses and servicing expenses as well as
increases in net interest income.

At December 31, 2006 we held 145 repossessed houses owned by us compared to 162 houses at
December 31, 2005, a decrease of 17 houses, or 10.5 . The book value of these houses, including
repossession expenses, based on the lower of cost or market value, was approximately 3.0 million
at December 31, 2006 compared to 3.5 million at December 31, 2005, a decrease of 0.5 million, or
14.3 .

The allowance for loan losses decreased 1.5 million to 8.5 million at December 31, 2006 from
 10.0 million at December 31, 2005. Despite the 24.9 increase in the gross loans receivable
balance, net of loans accounted for under SOP 03-3 the allowance for loan losses decreased 15.0 
due to improvements in delinquency rates and net charge-offs. Loans delinquent over 60 days
decreased 1.4 million or 14.0 from 10.0 million at December 31, 2005 to 8.6 million at December
31, 2006. The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of gross loans receivable, net of loans
accounted for under SOP 03-3, was approximately 0.92 at December 31, 2006 compared to
approximately 1.35 at December 31, 2005. Net charge-offs were 8.6 million and 10.0 million for
the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

Changes to our underwriting practices, processes, credit scoring models, systems and servicing
techniques beginning in 2002 have resulted in demonstrably superior performance by loans originated
in and subsequent to 2002 as compared to loans originated by our predecessors prior to 2002. The
pre-2002 loans, despite representing a diminishing percentage of our owned loan portfolio, have had
a disproportionate negative impact on our financial performance.

28 

Table of Contents 

The following tables indicate the impact of such legacy loans:

Loan Pool Unpaid Principal Balance (dollars in thousands) (1) 

2002 and 

2001 and prior 
 
 subsequent 

At December 31, 2006 

Dollars

46,612 

915,329 

Percentage of total

4.8 

95.2 

At December 31, 2005 

Dollars

56,622 

732,033 

Percentage of total

7.2 

92.8 

Static Pool Performance (dollars in thousands) (1) 

2002 and 

2001 and prior 
 
 subsequent 

2006 

Dollars defaulted

5,382 

13,216 

Net recovery percentage

36.7 

48.1 

Net losses

3,977 

7,042 

2005 

Dollars defaulted

8,752 

12,272 

Net recovery percentage

39.9 

49.4 

Net losses

6,707 

5,312 

2004 

Dollars defaulted

11,848 

8,940 

Net recovery percentage

37.8 

49.2 

Net losses

12,242 

4,004 

(1) 
 
 Includes owned portfolio, repossessed inventory and loans sold with recourse. 

While representing less than 5 of the owned loan portfolio at December 31, 2006, the
pre-2002 loans accounted for almost 29 of the defaults and 36 of the losses during 2006.
Additionally, recovery rates were substantially lower for the pre-2002 loans leading to higher
losses as compared to loans from 2002 and later. Management believes that as these loans become a
smaller percentage of the owned loan portfolio, the negative impact on earnings will diminish.

Through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Origen Servicing, Inc., we provide loan servicing for
manufactured housing loans that we and our predecessors have originated or purchased, and for loans
originated by third parties. As of December 31, 2006 we serviced approximately 1.6 billion of
loans, consisting of approximately 647.2 million of loans serviced for others, as compared to
approximately 1.5 billion of loans, consisting of approximately 731.3 million of loans serviced
for others, as of December 31, 2005. Included in the loans serviced for others were 127.9 million
and 150.3 million of loans as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively, which we or our
predecessors originated and subsequently sold in two pre-2003 securitization transactions. As part
of our contractual services, certain of our servicing contracts require us to advance uncollected
principal and interest payments at a prescribed cut-off date each month to an appointed trustee on
behalf of the investors in the loans. We are reimbursed by the trust in the event such delinquent
principal and interest payments remain uncollected during the next reporting period. Also, as part
of the servicing function, in order to protect the value of the housing asset underlying the loan,
we are required to advance certain expenses such as taxes, insurance costs and costs related to the
foreclosure or repossession process as necessary. Such expenditures are reported to the appropriate
trustee for reimbursement. At December 31, 2006, we had servicing advances outstanding of
approximately 7.7 million compared to 9.0 million at December 31, 2005, a decrease of 14.4 .

As a result of the acquisition of Origen Financial L.L.C., our predecessor company, on October
8, 2003, which was accounted for as a purchase, we recorded the net assets acquired at fair value,
which resulted in recording goodwill of 32.3 million. No impairment of goodwill was recorded
during the year ended December 31, 2006.

29 

Table of Contents 

Bonds outstanding, relating to securitized financings utilizing asset-backed structures,
totaled 685.0 million and 578.5 million at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. These bonds
relate to five securitized transactions: Origen 2004-A, issued in February 2004, Origen 2004-B,
issued in September 2004, Origen 2005-A, issued in May 2005, Origen 2005-B, issued in December 2005
and Origen 2006-A, issued in August 2006. Bonds outstanding for each securitized transaction were
as follows at December 31 (in thousands):

Original 

Issuance 

2006 

2005 

Origen 2004 A

200,000 

113,408 

138,257 

Origen 2004 B

169,000 

114,443 

136,229 

Origen 2005 A

165,300 

128,668 

150,471 

Origen 2005 B

156,187 

137,454 

153,546 

Origen 2006 A

200,646 

191,040 

685,013 

578,503 

At December 31, 2006 our total borrowings under our warehouse financing facility with
Citigroup Global Markets Realty Corporation Citigroup were 131.5 million compared to 65.4
million at December 31, 2005. We use the Citigroup facility to fund loans we originate or purchase
until such time as they can be included in one of our securitization transactions. We used the
proceeds of our August 2006 securitization to reduce borrowings outstanding on the Citigroup
facility.

We currently have a revolving credit facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Under the terms
of the facility we can borrow up to 4.0 million for the purpose of funding required principal and
interest advances on manufactured housing loans that are serviced for outside investors. Borrowings
under the facility are repaid upon our collection of monthly payments made by borrowers on such
manufactured housing loans. The outstanding balance on the facility was approximately 2.2 million
at both December 31, 2006 and 2005. The expiration date of the facility is December 31, 2007.

Stockholders equity was 204.5 million and 200.0 million at December 31, 2006 and 2005,
respectively. We had net income of 7.0 million and declared and paid distributions of 2.3 million
during the year ended December 31, 2006.

Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2005 

Loan originations increased 14.7 million, or 5.5 to 282.7 million from 268.0 million for
the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. We additionally processed 49.6 million
and 32.0 million in loans originated under third party origination agreements during the years
ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Chattel loans comprised approximately 91 and 97 
of loans originated during the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The other
loans originated, in each year, were land-home loans, which represent manufactured housing loans
that are additionally collateralized by real estate.

Interest income on loans increased 14.5 million, from 55.2 million to 69.7 million, or
26.3 . This increase in interest income resulted primarily from an increase in the average
outstanding balance of manufactured housing loan receivables of 184.7 million from 667.1 million
to 851.8 million, or 27.7 . The increase in the average receivable balance was partially offset by
a decrease in the average yield on the portfolio from 8.3 to 8.2 . The decrease in the yield on
the portfolio was due to competitive conditions resulting in lower interest rates on new
originations and a continuing positive change in the credit quality of the loan portfolio.
Generally, higher credit quality loans will carry a lower interest rate.

Interest income on other interest earning assets increased from 4.2 million to 4.6 million.
The increase was primarily the result of an increase of in the average yield on interest earning
assets other than manufactured housing loans and investment
securities from 2.9 to 5.1 .

30 

Table of Contents 

Interest expense increased 15.0 million, or 52.6 , to 43.5 million from 28.5 million. The
majority of our interest expense relates to interest on our loan funding facilities. Average debt
outstanding increased 184.9 million to 752.4 million compared to 567.5 million, or 32.6 . The
average interest rate on total debt outstanding increased from 5.0 to 5.8 . The higher average
interest rate for the year ended December 31, 2006 was primarily due to increases in the base LIBOR
rate.

The following table presents information relative to the average balances and interest rates
of our interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities for the years ended December 31
(dollars in thousands):

2006 

2005 

Average 

Yield/ 

Average 

Yield/ 

Balance 

Interest 

Rate 

Balance 

Interest 

Rate 

Interest earning assets:

Manufactured housing loans (1)

851,758 

69,702 

8.18 

667,089 

55,164 

8.27 

Investment securities

41,291 

3,750 

9.08 

40,442 

3,761 

9.30 

Other

16,609 

843 

5.08 

16,029 

466 

2.91 

Total

909,658 

74,295 

8.17 

723,560 

59,391 

8.21 

Interest bearing liabilities (2):

Loan funding facilities

728,331 

42,058 

5.77 

544,002 

27,465 

5.05 

Repurchase agreements

23,582 

1,398 

5.93 

22,793 

950 

4.17 

Notes payable servicing advance

447 

42 

9.40 

710 

53 

7.46 

Total

752,360 

43,498 

5.78 

567,505 

28,468 

5.02 

Net interest income and interest rate spread

30,797 

2.39 

30,923 

3.19 

Net yield on average interest earning assets (3)

3.39 

4.27 

(1) 
 
 Net of loan servicing fees. 

(2) 
 
 Includes facility fees. 

(3) 
 
 Amount is calculated as net interest income divided by total average interest earning assets. 

The following table sets forth the changes in the components of net interest income for
the year ended December 31, 2006 compared to the year ended December 31, 2005 (in thousands). The
changes in net interest income between periods have been reflected as attributable to either volume
or rate changes. For the purposes of this table, changes that are not solely due to volume or rate
changes are allocated to rate.

Volume 

Rate 

Total 

Interest earning assets:

Manufactured housing loans

15,271 

(733) 

14,538 

Investment securities

79 

(90) 

(11) 

Other

17 

360 

377 

Total interest income

15,367 

(463) 

14,904 

Interest bearing liabilities:

Loan funding facilities

9,306 

5,287 

14,593 

Repurchase agreements

33 

415 

448 

Notes payable servicing advances

(20) 

9 

(11) 

Total interest expense

9,319 

5,711 

15,030 

Decrease in net interest income

(126) 

Monthly provisions are made to the allowance for general loan losses in order to maintain a
level that is adequate to absorb inherent losses in the manufactured housing loan portfolio. The
provision for loan losses decreased 44.1 to 7.1 million from 12.7 million. The provision for the
year ended December 31, 2005 included approximately 3.5 million related to the effects of
Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita and approximately 0.8 million of losses related to the
charge-off of loans repurchased from Vanderbilt Mortgage and Finance, Inc. Vanderbilt under a
previous repurchase agreement. Net charge-offs were 8.6 million for the year ended December 31,
2006 compared to 10.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2005. As a percentage of average
outstanding principal balance total net charge-offs decreased to 1.0 compared to 1.5 .

An impairment of 0.5 million and 0.4 million in the carrying value of a previously purchased
loan pool was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively, as a
result of changes in projected cash flows.

31 

Table of Contents 

Non-interest income for the year ended December 31, 2006 totaled 17.8 million as
compared to 14.7 million for 2005, an increase of 21.1 . The primary components of non-interest
income are fees and other income from loan servicing and insurance operations. The increase in
non-interest income is primarily due to the increase in the average serviced loan portfolio on
which servicing fees are collected from 1.4 billion to 1.6 billion.

Total non-interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2006 was 34.1 million as compared
to 35.1 million for 2005. Following is a discussion of the decrease of 1.0 million, or 2.8 .

Personnel expenses increased approximately 1.2 million, or 5.3 , to 23.8 million compared to
 22.6 million. The increase is primarily the result of a 0.9 million increase in salaries and
temporary office staffing expenses, a 0.9 million increase in annual performance bonuses and
incentives and a 0.2 million increase in health insurance expenses, offset by a decrease of 0.8
million in share-based compensation expenses.

Loan origination and servicing expenses amounted to approximately 1.6 million for both the
year ended December 31, 2006 and 2005.

Write-down of residual interest decreased from 0.7 million to zero. Securitized loan
transactions completed during years 2002 and 2001 were structured as loan sales for accounting
purposes. As a result, our predecessor companies recorded an asset representing their residual
interests in the loans at the time of sale, based on the discounted values of the projected cash
flows over the expected life of the loans sold. During the year ended December 31, 2005, we
wrote-off our remaining 0.7 million residual interest in the 2002-A securitization as a result of
the effects of Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita. Since 2002, neither we nor our predecessor has
structured a securitization transaction as a sale for accounting purposes, nor is it our intention
to do so in the future. There were no write-downs of residual interests during the year ended
December 31, 2006. As of December 31, 2006 and 2005 we had no retained interests in loan
securitizations remaining on our consolidated balance sheet.

During the year ended December 31, 2005 we incurred a loss of 0.8 million as a result of our
buy-out of our recourse obligation with Vanderbilt.

As a national loan originator and servicer of manufactured housing loans, we are required to
be licensed in all states in which we conduct business. Accordingly, we are subject to taxation by
the states in which we conduct business. Depending on the individual state, taxes may be based on
proportioned revenue, net income, capital base or asset base. During the year ended December 31,
2006 we incurred state taxes of 0.3 million as compared to
 0.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2005.

Other operating expenses, which consist of occupancy and equipment, professional fees, travel
and entertainment and miscellaneous expenses decreased 0.6 million, or 6.7 , from 8.9 million to
 8.3 million. Professional fees decreased by 0.3 million, or 15.8 from 1.9 million to 1.6
million. Occupancy and equipment, office expense and telephone expense increased a total of 0.5
million, or 11.1 , from 4.5 million to 5.0 million. Travel and entertainment expense was 1.4
million during both 2006 and 2005. Miscellaneous expenses were 0.3 million and 1.1 million during
the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

Income
tax expenses for the year ended December 31, 2006 were approximately
 24,000. There were no income tax expenses for the year ended
December 31, 2005.

Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 

Loan originations increased 25.0 million, or 10.3 to 268.0 million from 243.0 million for
the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. We additionally processed 32.0 million
and 9.9 million in loans originated under third party origination agreements during the years
ended December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Chattel loans comprised approximately 97 of loans
originated in both 2005 and 2004. The balance of loans originated, in each year, were land-home
loans, which represent manufactured housing loans that are additionally collateralized by real
estate.

32 

Table of Contents 

Interest income on loans increased 15.3 million, from 39.9 million to 55.2 million, or
38.3 . This increase in interest income resulted primarily from an increase in the average
outstanding balance of manufactured housing loans receivable of 202.5 million from 464.6 million
to 667.1 million, or 43.6 . The increase in the average receivable balance was partially offset by
a decrease in the average yield on the portfolio from 8.6 to 8.3 . The decrease in the yield on
the portfolio was due to competitive conditions resulting in lower interest rates on new
originations and a continuing positive change in the credit quality of the loan portfolio.
Generally, higher credit quality loans will carry a lower interest rate.

Interest income on other interest earning assets increased from 2.6 million to 4.2 million.
The increase was primarily the result of an increase of 1.4 million in interest income on
asset-back security investments, which are collateralized by manufactured housing loans.
Investments in such securities amounted to 41.9 million and 37.6 million at December 31, 2005 and
2004, respectively.

Interest expense increased 13.5 million, or 90.0 , to 28.5 million from 15.0 million. The
majority of our interest expense relates to interest on our loan funding facilities. Average debt
outstanding increased 204.9 million to 567.5 million compared to 362.6 million, or 56.5 . The
average interest rate on total debt outstanding increased from 4.1 to 5.0 . The higher average
interest rate for the year ended December 31, 2005 was primarily due to increases in the base LIBOR
rate.

The following table presents information relative to the average balances and interest rates
of our interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities for the years ended December 31
(dollars in thousands):

2005 

2004 

Average 

Yield/ 

Average 

Yield/ 

Balance 

Interest 

Rate 

Balance 

Interest 

Rate 

Interest earning assets:

Manufactured housing loans (1)

667,089 

55,164 

8.27 

464,578 

39,862 

8.58 

Investment securities

40,442 

3,761 

9.30 

28,109 

2,397 

8.53 

Other

16,029 

466 

2.91 

18,855 

220 

1.17 

Total

723,560 

59,391 

8.21 

511,542 

42,479 

8.30 

Interest bearing liabilities (2):

Loan funding facilities

544,002 

27,465 

5.05 

344,502 

14,582 

4.23 

Repurchase agreements

22,793 

950 

4.17 

17,573 

399 

2.27 

Notes payable servicing advance

710 

53 

7.46 

553 

39 

7.05 

Total

567,505 

28,468 

5.02 

362,628 

15,020 

4.14 

Net interest income and interest rate spread

30,923 

3.19 

27,459 

4.16 

Net yield on average interest earning assets (3)

4.27 

5.37 

(1) 
 
 Net of loan servicing fees. 

(2) 
 
 Includes facility fees. 

(3) 
 
 Amount is calculated as net interest income divided by total average interest earning assets. 

The following table sets forth the changes in the components of net interest income for
the year ended December 31, 2005 compared to the year ended December 31, 2004 (in thousands). The
changes in net interest income between periods have been reflected as attributable to either volume
or rate changes. For the purposes of this table, changes that are not solely due to volume or rate
changes are allocated to rate.

Volume 

Rate 

Total 

Interest earning assets:

Manufactured housing loans

17,376 

(2,074) 

15,302 

Investment securities

1,052 

312 

1,364 

Other

(33) 

279 

246 

Total interest income

18,395 

(1,483) 

16,912 

Interest bearing liabilities:

Loan funding facilities

8,444 

4,439 

12,883 

Repurchase agreements

119 

432 

551 

Notes payable servicing advances

11 

3 

14 

Total interest expense

8,574 

4,874 

13,448 

Increase in net interest income

3,464 

33 

Table of Contents 

Monthly provisions are made to the allowance for general loan losses in order to maintain a
level that is adequate to absorb inherent losses in the manufactured housing loan portfolio. The
provision for credit losses increased 78.9 to 12.7 million from 7.1 million. The provision
includes approximately 3.5 million related to the effects of Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita.
Net charge-offs were 10.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2005 compared to 10.5 million
for the year ended December 31, 2004. As a percentage of average outstanding principal balance
total net charge-offs decreased to 1.5 compared to 2.3 . We expect net charge-offs as a percentage
of average outstanding principal balance to continue to decrease in the future due to the fact that
the owned portfolio of loans at December 31, 2005 has a larger concentration of loans originated in
the years 2002 through 2005 than was the case for the owned portfolio at December 31, 2004.

An impairment of 0.4 million in the carrying value of a previously purchased loan pool was
recognized during 2005 as a result of the hurricanes.

Non-interest income for the year ended December 31, 2005 totaled 14.7 million as compared to
 11.2 million for year 2004, an increase of 31.3 . The primary components of non-interest income
are fees and other income from loan servicing and insurance operations. Loan servicing fees
comprised approximately 94 of non-interest income in 2005 and approximately 83 in 2004,
reflecting the overall increase in the serviced loan portfolio. The average serviced loan portfolio
on which servicing fees are collected increased approximately 7.7 , from 1.3 billion to 1.4
billion.

Total non-interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2005 was 35.1 million as compared
to 34.6 million for 2004. Following is a discussion of the increase of 0.5 million, or 1.4 .

Personnel expenses increased approximately 0.7 million, or 3.2 , to 22.6 million compared to
 21.9 million. The increase is primarily the result of a 0.4 million increase in stock
compensation expense related to restricted stock granted to certain directors, officers and
employees from 2.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2004 to 2.5 million for the year ended
December 31, 2005, and an increase of 0.2 million in salaries and commissions from 14.5 million
for the year ended December 31, 2004 to 14.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2005. The
increase in salaries was primarily due to staffing needs resulting from our efforts to comply with
Sarbanes Oxley requirements and the increase in commissions was due the increase in loan
origination volume.

Loan origination and servicing expenses increased 0.2 million, or 14.3 from 1.4 million to
 1.6 million. The increase is directly related to an increase in loan originations from 243.0
million to 268.0 million, and an increase in the average servicing portfolio from 1.3 billion to
 1.4 billion for the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. The increase was
primarily due to increased market share resulting from our focus on customer service and the use of
technology to deliver our products and services.

The provision for recourse liability decreased 2.9 million, or 93.5 from 3.1 million to
 0.2 million as a result of our buy-out of our recourse obligation with Vanderbilt. As a result of
the buyout, we no longer will be required to take as a charge against earnings, over the remaining
life of the loan pool, the difference between the book amount of the recourse liability, which was
based on net present value, and the then current dollars paid out to satisfy the recourse
requirement.

Write-down of residual interest increased 0.7 million due to the write-off of our residual
interest in the 2002-A securitization as a result of the effects of Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane
Rita. Securitized loan transactions completed during years 2002 and 2001 were structured as loan
sales for accounting purposes. As a result, our predecessor companies recorded an asset
representing their residual interests in the loans at the time of sale, based on the discounted
values of the projected cash flows over the expected life of the loans sold. During the year ended
December 31, 2005, we wrote-off our remaining 0.7 million residual interest in the 2002-A
securitization as a result of the effects of Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita. Since 2002,
neither we nor our predecessor has structured a securitization transaction in a manner requiring
gain on sale treatment, nor is it our intention to do so in the future. As of December 31, 2005 we
had no retained interests in loan securitizations remaining on our consolidated balance sheet.

We incurred a loss of 0.8 million as a result of our buy-out of our recourse obligation with
Vanderbilt.

34 

Table of Contents 

As a national loan originator and servicer of manufactured housing loans, we are required to
be licensed in all states in which we conduct business. Accordingly, we are subject to taxation by
the states in which we conduct business. Depending on the individual state, taxes may be based on
proportioned revenue, net income, capital base or asset base. During the year ended December 31,
2005 we incurred state taxes of 0.4 million as compared to 0.3
million during the year ended December 31,
2004.

Other operating expenses, which consist of occupancy and equipment, professional fees, travel
and entertainment and miscellaneous expenses increased 1.1 million, or 14.1 , from 7.8 million to
 8.9 million. This increase is primarily the result of a 1.0 million, or 111.1 increase in
professional fees from 0.9 million to 1.9 million. The increase in professional fees is primarily
due to Sarbanes Oxley compliance related costs. Occupancy and equipment, office expense and
telephone expense increased a total of 0.1 million, or 2.2 , from 4.4 million to 4.5 million.
Travel and entertainment expense was 1.4 million during both 2005 and 2004. Miscellaneous expenses
were 1.1 million during both 2005 and 2004.

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We require capital to fund our loan originations, acquire manufactured housing loans
originated by third parties and expand our loan servicing operations. At December 31, 2006 we had
approximately 2.6 million in available cash and cash equivalents. As a REIT, we will be required
to distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code) to
our stockholders on an annual basis. Therefore, as a general matter, it is unlikely we will have
any substantial cash balances that could be used to meet our liquidity needs. Instead, these needs
must be met from cash provided from operations and external sources of capital. Historically, we
have satisfied our liquidity needs through cash generated from operations, sales of our common and
preferred stock, borrowings on our credit facilities and securitizations.

Cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2006, totaled 16.0
million versus 18.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2005. Cash used in investing
activities was 193.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2006 versus 229.2 million for the
year ended December 31, 2005. Cash used to originate and purchase loans decreased 6.0 , or 18.4
million, to 288.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2006 compared to 306.8 million for the
year ended December 31, 2005. Principal collections on loans totaled 86.6 million for the year
ended December 31, 2006 as compared to 75.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2005, an
increase of 11.0 million, or 14.6 . The increase in collections is primarily related to the
increase in the average outstanding loan portfolio balance, which was 851.8 million for the year
ended December 31, 2006 compared to 667.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2005, in
addition to improved credit quality and decreased delinquency as a percentage of outstanding loan
receivable balance.

The primary source of cash during the year ended December 31, 2006 was our 2006-A securitized
financing transaction completed in August 2006. We securitized approximately 224.2 million in
principal balance of manufactured housing loans, which was funded by issuing bonds of approximately
 200.6 million. Approximately 199.2 million of proceeds was used to reduce the aggregate balance
of notes outstanding under our Citigroup warehouse financing facility.

Continued access to the securitization market is very important to our business. The proceeds
from successful securitization transactions generally are applied to paying down our other
short-term credit facilities giving us renewed borrowing capacity to fund new loan originations.
Numerous factors affect our ability to complete a successful securitization, including factors
beyond our control. These include general market interest rate levels, the shape of the yield curve
and spreads between rates on U.S. Treasury obligations and securitized bonds, all of which affect
investors demand for securitized debt. In the event these factors are unfavorable our ability to
successfully complete securitization transactions is impeded and our liquidity and capital
resources are affected negatively. There can be no assurance that current favorable conditions will
continue or that unfavorable conditions will not return.

35 

Table of Contents 

We currently have a short term securitization facility used for warehouse financing with
Citigroup. Under the terms of the agreement, originally entered into in March 2003 and amended
periodically, most recently in July 2006, we pledge loans as collateral and in turn we are advanced
funds. The facility has a maximum advance amount of 200 million at an annual interest rate equal
to LIBOR plus a spread. Additionally, the facility includes a 35 million supplemental advance
amount that is collateralized by certain of our residual interests in our securitizations. The
facility matures on March 22, 2007. The outstanding balance on the facility was approximately
 131.5 million and 65.4 million at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. It is anticipated
that the facility will be renewed on terms no less favorable than the current terms.

Additionally, we have four repurchase agreements with Citigroup. Three of the repurchase
agreements are for the purpose of financing the purchase of investments in three asset backed
securities with principal balances of 32.0 million, 3.1 million and 3.7 million respectively.
The fourth repurchase agreement is for the purpose of financing a portion of our residual interest
in the 2004-B securitization with a principal balance of 4.0 million. Under the terms of the
agreements we sell our interest in the securities with an agreement to repurchase them at a
predetermined future date at the principal amount sold plus an interest component. The securities
are financed at an amount equal to 75 of their current market value as determined by Citigroup.
Typically the repurchase agreements are rolled over for 30 day periods when they expire. The annual
interest rates on the agreements are equal to LIBOR plus a spread. The repurchase agreements had
outstanding principal balances of approximately 16.8 million, 1.7 million, 2.1 million and 3.0
million, respectively, at both December 31, 2006 and 2005.

Under the terms of our revolving credit facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. we may borrow
up to 4.0 million to fund required principal and interest advances on manufactured housing loans
that we service for outside investors. Borrowings under the facility are repaid when we collect
monthly payments made by borrowers under such manufactured housing loans. The bank s prime interest
rate is payable on the outstanding balance. To secure the loan, we have granted JPMorgan Chase
Bank, N.A. a security interest in substantially all our assets excluding securitized assets. The
expiration date of the facility is December 31, 2007. The outstanding balance on the facility was
approximately 2.2 million at both December 31, 2006 and 2005.

In September 2005, the Securities and Exchange Commission declared effective our shelf
registration statement on Form S-3 for the proposed offering, from time to time, of up to 200
million of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities. In addition to such debt
securities, preferred stock and other common stock we may sell under the registration statement, we
have registered for sale 1,540,000 shares of our common stock pursuant to a sales agreement that we
have entered into with Brinson Patrick Securities Corporation. It is anticipated that these shares
of common stock will be sold at the price of our common stock prevailing at the time of sale.

36 

Table of Contents 

In addition to borrowings under our credit facilities and issuances of securitized notes,
we have fixed contractual obligations under various lease agreements. Our contractual obligations
were comprised of the following as of December 31, 2006 (in thousands):

Less than 

1 - 3 

4 - 5 

Total 

1 year 

years 

years 

Thereafter 

Notes payable Citigroup (1)

131,520 

98,640 

32,880 

Notes payable 2004-A securitization (2)

113,408 

23,290 

25,504 

19,079 

45,535 

Notes payable 2004-B securitization (3)

114,443 

23,725 

29,109 

19,698 

41,911 

Notes payable 2005-A securitization (4)

128,668 

24,332 

34,655 

21,311 

48,370 

Notes payable 2005-B securitization (5)

137,454 

21,177 

37,133 

22,626 

56,518 

Notes payable 2006-A securitization (6)

191,040 

25,825 

44,846 

34,395 

85,974 

Repurchase agreement (7)

23,582 

23,582 

Notes payable servicing advances (8)

2,185 

2,185 

Operating leases

5,248 

1,118 

2,154 

1,779 

197 

Total contractual obligations

847,548 

243,874 

206,281 

118,888 

278,505 

(1) 
 
 Origen Financial L.L.C. and Origen Securitization Company, LLC, one of our special purpose
entity subsidiaries, are borrowers under the short-term securitization facility with
Citigroup. 

(2) 
 
 Origen Financial L.L.C. through a special purpose entity, Origen Manufactured Housing
Contract Trust 2004-A, is the issuer of the notes payable under the 2004-A securitization. 

(3) 
 
 Origen Financial L.L.C. through a special purpose entity, Origen Manufactured Housing
Contract Trust 2004-B, is the issuer of the notes payable under the 2004-B securitization. 

(4) 
 
 Origen Financial L.L.C. through a special purpose entity, Origen Manufactured Housing
Contract Trust 2005-A, is the issuer of the notes payable under the 2005-A securitization. 

(5) 
 
 Origen Financial L.L.C. through a special purpose entity, Origen Manufactured Housing
Contract Trust 2005-B, is the issuer of the notes payable under the 2005-B securitization. 

(6) 
 
 Origen Financial L.L.C. through a special purpose entity, Origen Manufactured Housing
Contract Trust 2006-A, is the issuer of the notes payable under the 2006-A securitization. 

(7) 
 
 Origen Financial L.L.C. is the borrower under the Citigroup repurchase agreement. 

(8) 
 
 Origen Financial L.L.C. is the borrower under the servicing advance facility with JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A. 

We need cash to pay interest expense on our securitized bonds and credit facilities.
We expect the total interest expense to be in excess of 43.8 million during the twelve months
ending December 31, 2007.

Our long-term liquidity and capital requirements consist primarily of funds necessary to
originate and hold manufactured housing loans, acquire and hold manufactured housing loans
originated by third parties and expand our loan servicing operations. We expect to meet our
long-term liquidity requirements through cash generated from operations, but we will require
external sources of capital, which may include sales of shares of our common stock, preferred
stock, debt securities, convertible debt securities and third-party borrowings (either pursuant to
our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 or otherwise). We intend to continue to access the
asset-backed securities market for the long-term financing of our loans in order to match the
interest rate risk between our loans and the related long-term funding source. Our ability to meet
our long-term liquidity needs depends on numerous factors, many of which are outside of our
control. These factors include general capital market and economic conditions, general market
interest rate levels, the shape of the yield curve and spreads between rates on U.S. Treasury
obligations and securitized bonds, all of which affect investors demand for equity and debt
securities, including securitized debt securities.

Cash generated from operations, borrowings under our Citigroup facility, loan securitizations,
borrowings against our securitized loan residuals, convertible debt, equity interests or additional
debt financing arrangements (either pursuant to our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 or
otherwise) will enable us to meet our liquidity needs for at least the next twelve months depending
on market conditions which may affect loan origination volume, loan purchase opportunities and the
availability of securitizations. If market conditions require, loan purchase opportunities become
available, or favorable capital opportunities become available, we may seek additional funds
through additional credit facilities or additional sales of our common or preferred stock.

37 

Table of Contents 

The risks associated with the manufactured housing business become more acute in any economic
slowdown or recession. Periods of economic slowdown or recession may be accompanied by decreased
demand for consumer credit and declining asset values. In the manufactured housing business, any
material decline in collateral values increases the loan-to-value ratios of loans previously made,
thereby weakening collateral coverage and increasing the size of losses in the event of default.
Delinquencies, repossessions, foreclosures and losses generally increase during economic slowdowns
or recessions. For our finance customers, loss of employment, increases in cost-of-living or other
adverse economic conditions would impair their ability to meet their payment obligations. Higher
industry inventory levels of repossessed manufactured houses may affect recovery rates and result
in future impairment charges and provision for losses. In addition, in an economic slowdown or
recession, servicing and litigation costs generally increase. Any sustained period of increased
delinquencies, repossessions, foreclosures, losses or increased costs would adversely affect our
financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains various forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and we intend that such forward-looking statements
will be subject to the safe harbors created thereby. For this purpose, any statements contained in
this Form 10-K that relate to prospective events or developments are deemed to be forward-looking
statements. Words such as believes, forecasts, anticipates, intends, plans, expects, 
 will and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial
performance, but involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, both general and specific to
the matters discussed in this Form 10-K. These risks and uncertainties may cause our actual results
to be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. Such risks and uncertainties include:

the performance of our manufactured housing loans; 

our ability to borrow at favorable rates and terms; 

the supply of manufactured housing loans; 

interest rate levels and changes in the yield curve (which is the curve formed by the
differing Treasury rates paid on one, two, three, five, ten and 30 year term debt); 

our ability to use hedging strategies to insulate our exposure to changing interest
rates; 

changes in, and the costs associated with complying with, federal, state and local
regulations, including consumer finance and housing regulations; 

applicable laws, including federal income tax laws; 

general economic conditions in the markets in which we operate; 

and those referenced in Item 1A, under the headings entitled Risk Factors contained in this Form
10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking
statements included in this document are based on information available to us on the date of this
Form 10-K. We do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements that we make in this
document or other documents, reports, filings or press releases, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise.

38 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market prices and interest
rates. Our market risk arises from interest rate risk inherent in our financial instruments. We are
not currently subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk or commodity price risk.

The outstanding balance of our variable rate debt, under which we paid interest at various
LIBOR rates plus a spread, totaled 348.3 million and 91.2 million at December 31, 2006 and 2005,
respectively. If LIBOR increased or decreased by 1.0 during the years ended December 31, 2006 and
2005, we believe our interest expense would have increased or decreased by approximately 2.1
million and 1.6 million, respectively, based on the 213.8 million and 155.0 million average
balance outstanding under our variable rate debt facilities for the years ended December 31, 2006
and 2005, respectively. We had no variable rate interest earning assets outstanding during the
years ended December 31, 2006 or 2005.

The following table shows the contractual maturity dates of our assets and liabilities at
December 31, 2006. For each maturity category in the table the difference between interest-earning
assets and interest-bearing liabilities reflects an imbalance between re-pricing opportunities for
the two sides of the balance sheet. The consequences of a negative cumulative gap at the end of one
year suggests that, if interest rates were to rise, liability costs would increase more quickly
than asset yields, placing negative pressure on earnings (dollars in thousands).

Maturity 

0 to 3 

4 to 12 

1 to 5 

Over 5 

months 

months 

years 

years 

Total 

Assets 

Cash and equivalents

2,566 

2,566 

Restricted cash

15,412 

15,412 

Investments

41,538 

41,538 

Loans receivable, net

29,835 

89,045 

376,917 

454,429 

950,226 

Servicing advances

4,903 

2,838 

7,741 

Servicing rights

91 

274 

1,048 

1,095 

2,508 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment, net

281 

878 

2,354 

3,513 

Repossessed houses

1,523 

1,523 

3,046 

Goodwill

32,277 

32,277 

Other assets

4,687 

3,163 

2,576 

3,814 

14,240 

Total assets

59,298 

97,721 

382,895 

533,153 

1,073,067 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Warehouse financing

24,660 

73,980 

32,880 

131,520 

Securitization financing

30,139 

88,210 

288,356 

278,308 

685,013 

Repurchase agreements

23,582 

23,582 

Notes payable servicing advances

2,185 

2,185 

Other liabilities

21,301 

767 

4,235 

26,303 

Total liabilities

101,867 

162,957 

321,236 

282,543 

868,603 

Preferred stock

125 

125 

Common stock

259 

259 

Additional paid-in-capital

219,759 

219,759 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

21 

(44) 

232 

(834) 

(625) 

Distributions in excess of earnings

(15,054) 

(15,054) 

Total stockholders equity

21 

(44) 

232 

204,255 

204,464 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

101,888 

162,913 

321,468 

486,798 

1,073,067 

Interest sensitivity gap

(42,590) 

(65,192) 

61,427 

46,355 

Cumulative interest sensitivity gap

(42,590) 

(107,782) 

(46,355) 

Cumulative interest sensitivity gap to
total assets

(3.97) 

(10.04) 

(4.32) 

We believe the negative effect of a rise in interest rates is reduced by the anticipated
securitization of our loans receivable, which in conjunction with our hedging strategies, fixes our
cost of funds associated with the loans over the lives of such loans.

39 

Table of Contents 

Our hedging strategies use derivative financial instruments, such as interest rate swap
contracts, to mitigate interest rate risk and variability in cash flows on our securitizations and
anticipated securitizations. It is not our policy to use derivatives to speculate on interest
rates. These derivative instruments are intended to provide income and cash flow to offset
potential increased interest expense and potential variability in cash flows under certain interest
rate environments.

We held five separate open derivative positions at December 31, 2006. All five of these
positions were interest rate swaps. One of the positions is an interest rate swap related to our
2006-A securitization which locks in the interest rate on the outstanding balance of the 2006-A
variable rate notes at 5.48 for the life of the notes. The outstanding notional balance on this
interest rate swap was 193.4 million at December 31, 2006.

We held three interest rate swaps for the purpose of locking in the interest rate on a portion
of our anticipated 2007-A securitization transaction. The agreements fix the interest rate on
notional amounts of 30 million, 30 million and 25 million at 5.23 , 5.14 and 4.96 ,
respectively. Each of the three swaps has a scheduled termination date of September 2016.

At December 31, 2006 we held one interest rate swap which was not accounted for as a hedge.
Under the agreement, at December 31, 2006, we paid one month LIBOR and received a fixed rate of
5.48 on an outstanding notional balance of 1.6 million. The scheduled termination date of this
swap agreement is April 2020.

The following table shows our financial instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest
rates and are categorized by contractual maturity at December 31, 2006, (dollars in thousands):

Contractual Maturity 

There- 

2006 

2007 

2008 

2009 

2010 

after 

Total 

Interest sensitive assets 

Interest bearing deposits

17,031 

17,031 

Average interest rate

5.08 

5.08 

Investments

41,538 

41,538 

Average interest rate

9.08 

9.08 

Loans receivable, net

118,880 

111,919 

99,931 

87,898 

77,169 

454,429 

950,226 

Average interest rate

9.50 

9.50 

9.50 

9.50 

9.50 

9.50 

9.50 

Derivative asset

121 

24 

145 

Average interest rate

4.98 

4.98 

4.98 

Total interest sensitive
assets

136,032 

111,919 

99,931 

87,898 

77,169 

495,991 

1,008,940 

Interest sensitive liabilities 

Warehouse financing

98,640 

32,880 

131,520 

Average interest rate

7.04 

7.04 

7.04 

Securitization financing

118,348 

97,807 

73,440 

63,957 

53,152 

278,309 

685,013 

Average interest rate

5.52 

5.52 

5.52 

5.52 

5.52 

5.52 

5.52 

Repurchase agreements

23,582 

23,582 

Average interest rate

5.93 

5.93 

Notes payable servicing
advances

2,185 

2,185 

Average interest rate

9.40 

9.40 

Derivative liability

280 

2,847 

3,127 

Average interest rate

5.41 

5.41 

5.41 

Total interest sensitive
liabilities

243,035 

130,687 

73,440 

63,957 

53,152 

281,156 

845,427 

40 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the
supervision of, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and effected by our Board
of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America, and includes those policies and procedures that:

(1) Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions involving our assets;

(2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and

(3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our
consolidated financial statements.

Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial
reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting
is a process that involves human diligence and compliance, and is subject to lapses in judgment and
breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be
circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a
risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal
control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the
financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to
reduce, though not eliminate, this risk.

Our management has used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control 
Integrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based on
our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework, our management
has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31,
2006.

Our management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2006 has been audited by our independent registered public accounting firm,
Grant Thornton LLP, as stated in their report which appears herein.

Respectfully, 

/s/ Ronald A. Klein

Ronald A, Klein, Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ W. Anderson Geater, Jr.

W. Anderson Geater, Jr., Chief Financial Officer 

March 15, 2007 

41 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 
Origen Financial, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Origen Financial, Inc. as of
December 31, 2006 and 2005 and the related consolidated statements of operations, other
comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2006. These consolidated financial statements for Origen
Financial, Inc. are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An
audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of Origen Financial, Inc. as of December 31, 2006 and 2005 and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2006 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America

As
discussed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No.
123(R), Share Based Payments , effective January 1,
2006.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States), the effectiveness of Origen Financial, Inc. and subsidiaries internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006 based on criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO), and our report dated March 15, 2007, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP

Southfield, Michigan 
March 15, 2007

42 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 
Origen Financial, Inc.

We have audited management s assessment, included in the accompanying Management s Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting, that Origen Financial, Inc. and subsidiaries (the
Company) maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006
based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company s management is
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on management s assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, evaluating management s assessment, testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company;
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, management s assessment that the Company maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2006, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on
criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Also in our opinion, the Company
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2006, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Origen Financial, Inc. and subsidiaries
as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended December 31, 2006, and our report dated March 15, 2007, expressed an
unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP

Southfield, Michigan 
March 15, 2007

43 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
(In thousands, except share data) 
As of December 31, 2006 and 2005 

2006 

2005 

ASSETS 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents

2,566 

8,307 

Restricted cash

15,412 

13,635 

Investments held to maturity

41,538 

41,914 

Loans receivable, net of allowance for losses of 8,456 and 10,017, respectively

950,226 

768,410 

Servicing advances

7,741 

8,975 

Servicing rights

2,508 

3,103 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment, net

3,513 

3,558 

Repossessed houses

3,046 

3,493 

Goodwill

32,277 

32,277 

Other assets

14,240 

9,331 

Total assets

1,073,067 

893,003 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Liabilities 

Warehouse financing

131,520 

65,411 

Securitization financing

685,013 

578,503 

Repurchase agreement

23,582 

23,582 

Notes payable servicing advances

2,185 

2,212 

Other liabilities

26,303 

23,344 

Total liabilities

868,603 

693,052 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred stock, .01 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized; 125 shares issued
and outstanding at December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2005

125 

125 

Common stock, .01 par value, 125,000,000 shares authorized; 25,865,401 and
25,450,726 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2006 and December 31,
2005, respectively

259 

255 

Additional paid-in-capital

219,759 

218,366 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

(625) 

907 

Distributions in excess of earnings

(15,054) 

(19,702) 

Total stockholders equity

204,464 

199,951 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

1,073,067 

893,003 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

44 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Consolidated Statements of Operations 
(In thousands, except share data) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Interest Income 

Total interest income

74,295 

59,391 

42,479 

Total interest expense

43,498 

28,468 

15,020 

Net interest income before loan losses and impairment

30,797 

30,923 

27,459 

Provision for loan losses

7,069 

12,691 

7,053 

Impairment of purchased loan pool

485 

428 

Net interest income after loan losses and impairment

23,243 

17,804 

20,406 

Non-interest Income 

Servicing income

14,848 

12,230 

9,766 

Origination income

1,413 

1,047 

179 

Insurance commissions

1,216 

1,212 

1,217 

Other

310 

162 

22 

Total non-interest income

17,787 

14,651 

11,184 

Non-interest Expenses 

Personnel

23,847 

22,550 

21,947 

Loan origination and servicing

1,619 

1,603 

1,354 

Provision for recourse liability

218 

3,132 

Write down of residual interest

724 

25 

Loss on recourse buyout

792 

State business taxes

292 

369 

312 

Other operating

8,323 

8,858 

7,786 

Total non-interest expense

34,081 

35,114 

34,556 

Net income
(loss) before income taxes and cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle

6,949 

(2,659) 

(2,966) 

Income tax expense

24 

Net income (loss) before cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle

6,925 

(2,659) 

(2,966) 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

46 

NET INCOME (LOSS)

6,971 

(2,659) 

(2,966) 

Weighted average common shares outstanding

25,125,472 

24,878,116 

21,439,029 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, diluted

25,181,654 

24,878,116 

21,439,029 

Earnings (loss) per common share before cumulative
effect of change in accounting principle:

Basic

0.28 

(0.11) 

(0.14) 

Diluted

0.28 

(0.11) 

(0.14) 

Earnings (loss) per common share:

Basic

0.28 

(0.11) 

(0.14) 

Diluted

0.28 

(0.11) 

(0.14) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

45 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
(In thousands) 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Net income (loss)

6,971 

(2,659) 

(2,966) 

Other comprehensive income:

Net unrealized gain (loss) on interest
rate swaps designated as cash flow
hedges

(1,587) 

2,339 

(1,874) 

Reclassification adjustment for net
realized losses included in net income
(loss)

55 

375 

87 

Total other comprehensive income (loss)

(1,532) 

2,714 

(1,787) 

Comprehensive income (loss)

5,439 

55 

(4,753) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

46 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
For the Years Ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 
(In thousands, except share data) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Distributions 

Preferred 

Common 

Paid in 

Comprehensive 

In Excess 

Total 

Stock 

Stock 

Capital 

Income (Loss) 

Earnings 

Equity 

Balance January 1, 2004

152 

142,175 

(20) 

13 

142,320 

Issuance of common stock, net

96 

72,083 

72,179 

Issuance of preferred stock, net

125 

(38) 

87 

Issuance of non-vested stock

4 

(4) 

Stock award amortization

2,115 

2,115 

Net loss

(2,966) 

(2,966) 

Other comprehensive loss

(1,787) 

(1,787) 

Cash distribution paid 0.35)

(8,482) 

(8,482) 

Balance December 31, 2004

125 

252 

216,331 

(1,807) 

(11,435) 

203,466 

Issuance of non-vested stock

3 

(3) 

Retirement of non-vested stock

(449) 

(449) 

Stock award amortization

2,487 

2,487 

Net loss

(2,659) 

(2,659) 

Other comprehensive income

2,714 

2,714 

Cash distribution paid 0.22)

(5,608) 

(5,608) 

Balance December 31, 2005

125 

255 

218,366 

907 

(19,702) 

199,951 

Issuance of non-vested stock

5 

(5) 

Retirement of non-vested stock

(1) 

(287) 

(288) 

Share-based compensation expense

1,731 

1,731 

Net income

6,971 

6,971 

Other comprehensive loss

(1,532) 

(1,532) 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

(46) 

(46) 

Cash distribution paid 0.09)

(2,323) 

(2,323) 

Balance December 31, 2006

125 

259 

219,759 

(625) 

(15,054) 

204,464 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

47 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
(In thousands) 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities 

Net income (loss)

6,971 

(2,659) 

(2,966) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash used in
operating activities:

Provision for loan losses

7,069 

12,691 

7,053 

Provision for recourse liability

218 

3,132 

Investment impairment

114 

Impairment of purchased loan pool

485 

428 

Impairment of servicing rights

69 

Write down of residual interest

724 

25 

Impairment of deferred purchase price receivable

168 

Depreciation and amortization

5,499 

5,822 

5,251 

Compensation expense recognized under share-based
compensation plans

1,731 

2,487 

2,114 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

(46) 

Proceeds from sale of loans

1,049 

761 

Proceeds from deferred purchase price receivable

312 

731 

Decrease in servicing advances

1,234 

160 

1,387 

Increase in other assets

(7,697) 

(2,736) 

(6,220) 

Decrease in accounts payable and other liabilities

(192) 

(41) 

(2,069) 

Net cash provided by operating activities

16,286 

18,167 

8,606 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities 

Increase in restricted cash

(1,777) 

(4,413) 

(3,205) 

Purchase of investment securities

(4,107) 

(37,622) 

Origination and purchase of loans

(288,366) 

(306,814) 

(269,825) 

Principal collections on loans

86,568 

75,571 

54,245 

Proceeds from sale of repossessed houses

11,297 

12,665 

11,942 

Capital expenditures

(987) 

(2,085) 

(660) 

Net cash used in investing activities

(193,265) 

(229,183) 

(245,125) 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

Net proceeds from issuance of preferred stock

95 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock

72,176 

Retirement of common stock

(288) 

(449) 

Dividends paid

(2,323) 

(5,608) 

(9,966) 

Proceeds upon termination of hedging transaction

1,418 

2,749 

Payment upon termination of hedging transaction

(410) 

(1,876) 

Proceeds from securitizations

200,646 

320,567 

368,801 

Repayment of notes payable securitizations

(94,297) 

(70,498) 

(40,428) 

Proceeds from advances under repurchase agreements

5,243 

25,676 

Repayment of advances under repurchase agreements

(1,814) 

(5,523) 

Proceeds from warehouse financing

273,558 

282,591 

341,380 

Repayment of warehouse financing

(207,449) 

(324,553) 

(507,412) 

Change in servicing advances, net

(27) 

2,212 

(4,037) 

Net cash provided by financing activities

171,238 

210,030 

238,886 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

(5,741) 

(986) 

2,367 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period

8,307 

9,293 

6,926 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period

2,566 

8,307 

9,293 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest

42,565 

27,381 

13,368 

Cash paid for income taxes

Non cash financing activities: 

Non-vested stock issued as unearned compensation

2,905 

2,191 

3,791 

Loans transferred from repossessed assets and held for sale

18,598 

20,233 

22,330 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

48 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Company Formation and Nature of Operations 

Origen Financial, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), was incorporated on July 31,
2003. On October 8, 2003, the Company completed a private placement of 150 million of its common
stock to certain institutional and accredited investors. In connection with and as a condition to
the October 2003 private placement, the Company acquired all of the equity interests of Origen
Financial L.L.C. in a transaction accounted for as a purchase. As part of these transactions the
Company took steps to qualify Origen Financial, Inc. as a real estate investment trust REIT commencing with its taxable year ended December 31, 2003. The Company s business is to originate,
purchase and service manufactured housing loans. The Company s manufactured housing loans are
generally conventionally amortizing loans that generally range in amounts from 10,000 to 250,000
and have terms of seven to thirty years and are located throughout the United States. The Company
generally securitizes or places the manufactured housing loans it originates with institutional
investors and retains the rights to service the loans on behalf of those investors. Currently, most
of the Company s activities are conducted through Origen Financial L.L.C., which is a wholly owned
subsidiary. The Company conducts the rest of its business operations through one or more other
subsidiaries, including taxable REIT subsidiaries, to take advantage of certain business
opportunities and ensure that the Company complies with the federal income tax rules applicable to
REITs.

Basis of Financial Statement Presentation 

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The accompanying
consolidated financial statements include the financial position, results of operations and cash
flows of the Company, its wholly-owned qualified REIT and taxable REIT subsidiaries. All
intercompany amounts have been eliminated.

Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period, including significant estimates regarding the
allowance for loan losses, valuation of servicing rights, deferral of certain direct loan
origination costs, amortization of yield adjustments to net interest income and the valuation of
goodwill. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents represent short-term highly liquid investments with original
maturities of three months or less and include cash and interest bearing deposits at banks. The
Company has restricted cash related to loans serviced for others that is held in trust.

Loans Receivable 

Loans receivable consist of manufactured housing loans under contracts collateralized by the
borrowers manufactured houses and in some instances, related land. All loans receivable are
classified as held for investment and are carried at amortized cost, except for loans purchased
with evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination, which are accounted for as
described below under Loan Pools and Debt Securities Acquired with Evidence of Deterioration of
Credit Quality. Interest on loans is credited to income when earned. Loans receivable include
accrued interest and are presented net of deferred loan origination fees and costs and an allowance
for estimated loan losses.

49 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, continued: 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

The allowance for possible loan losses is maintained at a level believed adequate by
management to absorb losses on loans in the Company s loan portfolio. In accordance with Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 5, Accounting for Contingencies, the Company provides an
accrual for loan losses when it is probable that a loan asset has been impaired and the amount of
such loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company s loan portfolio is comprised of homogenous
manufactured housing loans with average loan balances of less than 50,000. The allowance for loan
losses is developed at a portfolio level and the amount of the allowance is determined by
establishing a calculated range of probable losses. A range of probable losses is calculated by
applying historical loss rate factors to the loan portfolio on a stratified basis using the
Company s current portfolio performance and delinquency levels (0-30 days, 31-60 days, 61-90 days
and more than 90 days delinquent) and by the extrapolation of probable loan impairment based on the
correlation of historical losses by vintage year of origination. Based on Financial Accounting
Standards Board Interpretation No. 14, Reasonable Estimation of the Amount of a Loss an
interpretation of FASB Statement No. 5, the Company then makes a determination of the best
estimate within the calculated range of loan losses. Such determination may include, in addition to
historical charge-off experience, the impact of changed circumstances on current impairment of the
loan portfolio. The accrual of interest is discontinued when a loan becomes more than 90 days past
due. Cash receipts on impaired loans are applied first to accrued interest and then to principal.
Impaired loans, or portions thereof, are charged off when deemed uncollectible. The allowance for
loan losses represents an unallocated allowance. There are no elements of the allowance allocated
to specific individual loans or to impaired loans.

Investment Securities 

Except for debt securities acquired with evidence of deterioration of credit quality since
origination, which are accounted for as described below, the Company follows the provisions of
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115 SFAS 115 ), Accounting For Certain
Investments in Debt and Equity Securities, in reporting its investments. The securities are
classified as held-to-maturity and are carried on the Company s balance sheet at amortized cost.
The securities are regularly measured for impairment through the use of a discounted cash flow
analysis based on the historical performance of the underlying loans that collateralize the
securities. If it is determined that there has been a decline in fair value below amortized cost
and the decline is other-than-temporary, the cost basis of the security is written down to fair
value as a new cost basis and the amount of the write-down is included in earnings.

Loan Pools and Debt Securities Acquired with Evidence of Deterioration of Credit Quality 

The Company accounts for loan pools and debt securities acquired with evidence of
deterioration of credit quality at the time of acquisition in accordance with the provisions of the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants AICPA Practice Bulletin 6 PB 6 ),
 Amortization of Discounts on Certain Acquired Loans, as well as the AICPA s Statement of Position
03-3 SOP 03-3 ), Accounting for Certain Loans or Debt Securities Acquired in a Transfer . The
carrying values of such purchased loan pools and debt securities were approximately 29.6 million
and 3.6 million, respectively, at December 31, 2006 and 35.1 million and 3.8 million,
respectively, at December 31, 2005, and are included in loans receivable and investments held to
maturity, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheet.

The Company adopted the provisions of SOP 03-3 in January 2005 and applies those provisions to
loan pools and debt securities acquired after December 31, 2004. The provisions of SOP 03-3 that
relate to decreases in expected cash flows amend PB 6 for consistent treatment and apply
prospectively to receivables acquired before January 1, 2005. Purchased loans and debt instruments
acquired before January 1, 2005 will continue to be accounted for under PB 6, as amended, for
provisions related to decreases in expected cash flows.

50 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, continued: 

Under the provisions of SOP 03-3, each static pool of loans and debt securities is
statistically modeled to determine its projected cash flows. The Company considers historical cash
collections for loan pools and debt securities with similar characteristics as well as expected
prepayments and estimates the amount and timing of undiscounted expected principal, interest and
other cash flows for each pool of loans and debt security. An internal rate of return is calculated
for each static pool of receivables based on the projected cash flows and applied to the balance of
the static pool. The resulting revenue recognized is based on the internal rate of return applied
to the remaining balance of each static pool of accounts. Each static pool is analyzed at least
quarterly to assess the actual performance compared to the expected performance. To the extent
there are differences in actual performance versus expected performance, the internal rate of
return is adjusted prospectively to reflect the revised estimate of cash flows over the remaining
life of the static pool. Beginning January 2005, if revised cash flow estimates are less than the
original estimates, SOP 03-3 requires that the internal rate of return remain unchanged and an
immediate impairment be recognized. For loans acquired with evidence of deterioration of credit
quality, if cash flow estimates increase subsequent to recording an impairment, SOP 03-3 requires
reversal of the previously recognized impairment before any increases to the internal rate of
return are made. For any remaining increases in estimated future cash flows for loan pools or debt
securities acquired with evidence of deterioration of credit quality, the Company adjusts the
amount of accretable yield recognized on a prospective basis over the remaining life of the loan
pool or debt security.

Application of the interest method of accounting requires the use of estimates to calculate a
projected internal rate of return for each pool. These estimates are based on historical cash
collections. If future cash collections are materially different in amount or timing than projected
cash collections, earnings could be affected, either positively or negatively. Higher collection
amounts or cash collections that occur sooner than projected cash collections will have a favorable
impact on yields and revenues. Lower collection amounts or cash collections that occur later than
projected cash collections will have an unfavorable impact and result in an immediate impairment
being recognized.

Servicing Rights 

The Company recognizes the fair value of loan servicing rights purchased or on loans
originated and sold, by recognizing a separate servicing asset or liability. Management is required
to make complex judgments when establishing the assumptions used in determining fair values of
servicing assets. The fair value of servicing assets is determined by calculating the present value
of estimated future net servicing cash flows, using assumptions of prepayments, defaults, servicing
costs and discount rates that the Company believes market participants would use for similar
assets. These assumptions are reviewed on a monthly basis and changed based on actual and expected
performance.

The Company stratifies its servicing assets based on the predominant risk characteristics of
the underlying loans, which are loan type, interest rate and loan size. Servicing assets are
amortized in proportion to and over the expected servicing period.

The carrying amount of loan servicing rights is assessed for impairment by comparison to fair
value and a valuation allowance is established through a charge to earnings in the event the
carrying amount exceeds the fair value. Fair value is estimated based on the present value of
expected future cash flows.

Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.
Depreciation is recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets
as follows:

Furniture and fixtures

7 years 

Computers

5 years 

Software

3 years 

Leasehold improvements

Shorter of useful life or lease term 

51 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, continued: 

Repossessed Houses 

Manufactured houses acquired through foreclosure or similar proceedings are recorded at the
lesser of the related loan balance or the estimated fair value of the house.

Goodwill 

The Company has recorded goodwill in connection with the acquisition of Origen Financial
L.L.C. at the time of the formation transaction on October 8, 2003. The net assets acquired were
recorded at fair value, which resulted in goodwill of 32.3 million. Goodwill represents the excess
of the cost of an acquired entity over the net of the amounts assigned to assets acquired and
liabilities assumed. SFAS 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, requires the Company to test
its recorded goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. For purposes of
testing impairment, the Company has determined that it is a single reporting unit and the goodwill
was allocated accordingly. The initial and ongoing estimate of the fair value of the Company is
based on assumptions and projections prepared by the Company. This amount is then compared to the
net book value of the Company. If the estimated fair value is less than the carrying amount of the
goodwill, then an impairment charge is recorded to reduce the asset to its estimated fair value. No
impairment was recorded during the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 or 2004.

Other Assets 

Other assets are comprised of prepaid expenses, deferred financing costs and other
miscellaneous receivables. Prepaid expenses are amortized over the expected service period.
Deferred financing costs are capitalized and amortized over the life of the corresponding
obligation.

Derivative Financial Instruments 

The Company has periodically used derivative instruments, including forward sales of U.S.
Treasury securities, U.S. Treasury rate locks and forward interest rate swaps to mitigate interest
rate risk related to the company s loans receivable and anticipated securitizations. The Company
follows the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 SFAS 133 ),
 Accounting for Derivative Investments and Hedging Activities (as amended by Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 149). All derivatives are recorded on the balance sheet at fair
value. On the date a derivative contract is entered into, the Company designates the derivative as
a hedge of either a forecasted transaction or the variability of cash flow to be paid cash flow 
hedge). Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is qualified, designated and highly
effective as a cash flow hedge are recorded in other comprehensive income until earnings are
affected by the forecasted transaction or the variability of cash flow and are then reported in
current earnings. Any ineffectiveness is recorded in current earnings.

The Company has formally documented all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged
items, as well as the risk-management objectives and strategy for undertaking the hedge
transaction. This process includes linking cash flow hedges to specific forecasted transactions or
variability of cash flow.

The Company also formally assesses, both at the hedge s inception and on an ongoing basis,
whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting
changes in cash flow of hedged items. When it is determined that a derivative is not highly
effective as a hedge or that it has ceased to be a highly effective hedge, we discontinue hedge
accounting prospectively, in accordance with SFAS 133.

Derivative financial instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting are carried at fair
value and changes in fair value are recognized currently in earnings.

52 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, continued: 

Securitizations Structured as Financings 

The Company engages in securitizations of its manufactured housing loan receivables. The
Company has
structured all loan securitizations occurring since 2003 as financings for accounting purposes
under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 140 SFAS 140 ), Accounting for Transfers
and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities a replacement of FASB
Statement No. 125. When a loan securitization is structured as a financing, the financed asset
remains on the Company s books along with the recorded liability that evidences the financing,
typically bonds. Income from both the loan interest spread and the servicing fees received on the
securitized loans are recorded into income as earned. An appropriate allowance for credit losses is
maintained on the loans. Deferred debt issuance costs and discount related to the bonds are
amortized on a level yield basis over the estimated life of the bonds.

Servicing Income Revenue Recognition 

Loans serviced require regular monthly payments from borrowers. Income on loan servicing is
generally recorded as payments are collected and is based on a percentage of the principal balance
of the respective loans. Loan servicing expenses are charged to operations when incurred. The
contractual servicing fee is recorded as a component of interest income on the consolidated
statements of operation for loans owned by the Company, and it is recorded as servicing fee income
on the consolidated statements of operations for loans serviced for others.

Share-Based Compensation 

The Company adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123
revised SFAS 123(R) ), Share-Based Payment, on January 1, 2006, using the modified-prospective
transition method, in order to account for our equity incentive plan and stock option plan. Prior
to January 1, 2006, as permitted under the provisions of SFAS No. 123 SFAS 123 ), Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation, as amended, the Company had chosen to recognize compensation expense
using the intrinsic value-based method of valuing stock options prescribed in APB No. 25 APB 25),
 Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees and related interpretations. Under the intrinsic
value-based method, compensation cost is measured as the amount by which the quoted market price of
the Company s stock at the date of grant exceeds the stock option exercise price. All options
granted by the Company prior to the adoption of SFAS 123(R) were granted at a fixed price not less
than the market value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant and, therefore, were not
included in compensation expense, prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 123(R). The effects of the
adoption of SFAS No. 123(R) are discussed further in Note 13 Share-Based Compensation Plan. 

Advertising Expense 

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expenses were approximately 189,000,
 270,000 and 477,000 for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

Income Taxes 

The Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT as defined under Section 856(c)(1) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). In order for the Company to qualify as a
REIT, at least ninety-five percent (95 of the Company s gross income in any year must be derived
from qualifying sources. In addition, a REIT must distribute at least ninety percent (90 of its
REIT taxable net income to its stockholders.

Qualification as a REIT involves the satisfaction of numerous requirements (some on an annual
and quarterly basis) established under highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there
are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations, and involves the determination of
various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within the Company s control. In addition,
frequent changes occur in the area of REIT taxation, which requires the Company continually to
monitor its tax status.

53 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, continued: 

The Company has received a legal opinion to the effect that based on various assumptions and
qualifications set forth in the opinion, Origen Financial, Inc. has been organized and has operated
in conformity with the requirements for qualification as a REIT under the Code for its taxable
years ended December, 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004. There is no assurance that the Internal Revenue
Service will not decide differently from the views expressed in counsel s
opinion and such opinion represents only the best judgment of counsel and is not binding on
the Internal Revenue Service or the courts.

As a REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes at the
corporate level on the ordinary taxable income it distributes to its stockholders as dividends. If
the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, its taxable income will be subject to
U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates (including any applicable alternative minimum
tax). Even if the Company qualifies as a REIT, it may be subject to certain state and local income
taxes and to U.S. federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed taxable income. In addition,
taxable income from non-REIT activities managed through taxable REIT subsidiaries, if any, is
subject to federal and state income taxes. An income tax allocation is required to be estimated on
the Company s taxable income generated by its taxable REIT subsidiaries. Deferred tax components
arise based upon temporary differences between the book and tax basis of items such as the
allowance for loan losses, accumulated depreciation, share-based compensation and goodwill.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Accounting Changes and Error Corrections 

In May 2005, the FASB issued SFAS 154, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections a
replacement of APB Opinion No. 20 and FASB Statement No. 3 . This statement replaces APB 20,
 Accounting Changes , and SFAS 3, Reporting Accounting Changes in Interim Financial Statements, 
and changes the requirements for the accounting for and reporting of a change in accounting
principle. The statement applies to all voluntary changes in accounting principles. It also applies
to changes required by an accounting pronouncement in the unusual instance that the pronouncement
does not include specific transition provisions. The statement is effective for accounting changes
and corrections of errors made in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2005. The adoption of
SFAS 154 on January 1, 2006 did not have a material effect on the Company s financial position or
results of operations.

Accounting for Certain Hybrid Instruments 

In February 2006, the FASB issued SFAS 155, Accounting for Certain Hybrid Instruments, which
allows financial instruments that have embedded derivatives to be accounted for as a whole
(eliminating the need to bifurcate the derivative from its host) if the holder elects to account
for the whole instrument on a fair value basis. SFAS 155 is effective for all financial instruments
acquired or issued after the beginning of an entity s first fiscal year that begins after September
15, 2006. At this time, the Company does not expect the adoption of SFAS 155 to have a material
impact on its financial position or results of operations.

Accounting for Servicing of Financial Assets 

In March 2006, the FASB issued SFAS 156, Accounting for Servicing of Financial Assets An
Amendment of FASB Statement No. 140. Among other requirements, SFAS 156 requires an entity to
recognize a servicing asset or servicing liability each time it undertakes an obligation to service
a financial asset by entering into a servicing contract in any of the following situations: a
transfer of the servicer s financial assets that meets the requirements for sale accounting; a
transfer of the servicer s financial assets to a qualifying special-purpose entity in a guaranteed
mortgage securitization in which the transferor retains all of the resulting securities and
classifies them as either available-for-sale securities or trading securities; or an acquisition or
assumption of an obligation to service a financial asset that does not relate to financial assets
of the servicer or its consolidated affiliates. SFAS 156 is effective as of the beginning of an
entity s first fiscal year that begins after September 15, 2006. At this time, the Company does
not expect the adoption of SFAS 156 to have a material impact on its financial position or results
of operations.

54 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, continued: 

Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes 

In June 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48 FIN 48 ), Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes An Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109. FIN 48 prescribes a
recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and
measurement of a tax position taken or expected to
be taken in a tax return. FIN 48 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest
and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. FIN 48 is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. At this time, the Company does not expect the
adoption of FIN 48 to have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.

Fair Value Measurements 

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS 157, Fair Value Measurements. This statement
defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in US GAAP, and expands
disclosures about fair value measurements. This statement applies under other accounting
pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements, the FASB having previously concluded
in those accounting pronouncements that fair value is the relevant measurement attribute.
Accordingly, this statement does not require any new fair value measurements. SFAS 157 is effective
for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007, and interim
periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption
of SFAS 157 on its financial position and results of operations.

Quantifying Misstatements 

In September 2006, the SEC staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108 SAB 108 ),
 Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements When Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year
Financial Statements, in order to address the SEC staff s concerns over registrants exclusive
reliance on either the iron curtain or balance sheet approach or the rollover or income
statement approach in quantifying financial statement misstatements. SAB 108 states that
registrants should use both a balance sheet and an income statement approach when quantifying and
evaluating the materiality of a misstatement and contains guidance on correcting errors under the
dual approach. SAB 108 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years ending after
November 15, 2006. The adoption of SAB 108 did not have a material effect on the Company s
financial position or results of operations.

Fair Value Option 

On February 15, 2007, the FASB issued SFAS 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets
and Financial Liabilities. Under SFAS 159, the Company may elect to report financial instruments
and certain other items at fair value on a contract-by-contract basis with changes in value
reported in earnings. This election is irrevocable. SFAS 159 provides an opportunity to mitigate
volatility in reported earnings that is caused by measuring hedged assets and liabilities that were
previously required to use a different accounting method than the related hedging contracts when
the complex provisions of SFAS 133 hedge accounting are not met. SFAS 159 is effective for years
beginning after November 15, 2007. Early adoption within 120 days of the beginning of the Company s
2007 fiscal year is permissible, provided the Company has not yet issued interim financial
statements for 2007 and has adopted SFAS 157. At this time, the Company does not expect the
adoption of SFAS 159 to have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.

Reclassifications 

Certain amounts for prior periods have been reclassified to conform with current financial
statement presentation.

55 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 2 Earnings Per Share 

Basic earnings per share EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS incorporates the potential
dilutive effect of common stock equivalents outstanding on an average basis during the period.
Dilutive common shares primarily consist of employee stock options and non-vested common stock. The
effects of the exercise of options, warrants, conversion of convertible securities or non-vested
common stock have not been included in diluted loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2005
and 2004 as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. The following table presents a
reconciliation of basic and diluted EPS for the years ended December 31 (in thousands, except
share and per share data):

2006 

2005 

2004 

Numerator:

Net income (loss)

6,971 

(2,659) 

(2,966) 

Preferred stock dividends

(16) 

(16) 

(16) 

Income (loss) available to common shareholders

6,955 

(2,675) 

(2,982) 

Denominator:

Weighted average common shares for basic EPS

25,125,472 

24,878,116 

21,439,029 

Effect of dilutive securities:

Weighted avg. restricted stk. awards

56,182 

Weighted average common shares for diluted EPS

25,181,654 

24,878,116 

21,439,029 

Basic EPS

0.28 

(0.11) 

(0.14) 

Diluted EPS

0.28 

(0.11) 

(0.14) 

Note 3 Investments 

The Company follows the provisions of SFAS 115 and SOP 03-3 in reporting its investments. The
investments are carried on the Company s balance sheet at 41.5 million and 41.9 million at
December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively, which approximates their fair value.

The investments accounted for under the provisions of SFAS 115 are carried on the Company s
balance sheet at an amortized cost of 37.9 million and 38.2 million at December 31, 2006 and 2005
respectively. These investments consisted of two asset backed securities with principal amounts of
 32.0 million and 6.8 million at both December 31,
2006 and 2005. The investments are
collateralized by manufactured housing loans and are classified as held-to-maturity. They have
contractual maturity dates of July 28, 2033 and December 28, 2033, respectively. As prescribed by
the provisions of SFAS 115 the Company has both the intent and
ability to hold the investments to
maturity. The investments will not be sold in response to changing market conditions, changing fund
sources or terms, changing availability and yields on alternative investments or other asset
liability management reasons. The investments are regularly measured for impairment through the use
of a discounted cash flow analysis based on the historical performance of the underlying loans that
collateralize the investments. If it is determined that there has been a decline in fair value below
amortized cost and the decline is other-than-temporary, the cost
basis of the investment is written
down to fair value as a new cost basis and the amount of the write-down is included in earnings. No
impairment was recorded relating to these securities in 2006 or 2005.

Debt securities acquired with evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination
are accounted for under the provisions of SOP 03-3. The carrying value of the debt securities
accounted for under the provisions of SOP 03-3 was approximately 3.6 million and 3.8 million at
December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. See Note 5 Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with
Evidence of Deterioration of Credit Quality for further discussion related to the Company s debt
securities accounted for under the provisions of SOP 03-3.

56 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 4 Loans Receivable 

The carrying amounts and fair value of loans receivable consisted of the following at December
31 (in thousands):

2006 

2005 

Manufactured housing loans securitized

825,811 

695,701 

Manufactured housing loans unsecuritized

130,828 

85,949 

Accrued interest receivable

4,840 

4,078 

Deferred loan origination costs (fees)

1,271 

(2,100) 

Discount on purchased loans

(3,155) 

(4,773) 

Allowance for purchased loans

(913) 

(428) 

Allowance for loan losses

(8,456) 

(10,017) 

950,226 

768,410 

The following table sets forth the average per loan balance, weighted average loan yield,
and weighted average initial term at December 31 (dollars in thousands):

2006 
 
 2005 

Number of loans receivable

20,300 

17,277 

Average loan balance

47 

45 

Weighted average loan yield

9.50 

9.56 

Weighted average initial term

20 years 
 
 20 years 

The following table sets forth the concentration by state of the manufactured housing
loan portfolio at December 31 (dollars in thousands):

2006 

2005 

Principal 

Percent 

Principal 

Percent 

California

341,510 

35.7 

225,675 

28.9 

Texas

89,229 

9.3 

87,018 

11.1 

New York

53,396 

5.6 

46,501 

6.0 

Michigan

39,404 

4.1 

36,933 

4.7 

Florida

31,519 

3.3 

22,921 

2.9 

Alabama

30,920 

3.2 

29,288 

3.8 

Georgia

28,506 

3.0 

26,938 

3.4 

Other

342,155 

35.8 

306,376 

39.2 

Total

956,639 

100.0 

781,650 

100.0 

The following table sets forth the number and value of loans for various original terms
for the manufactured housing loan portfolio at December 31 (dollars in thousands):

2006 

2005 

Number of 

Principal 

Number of 

Principal 

Original Term In Years 
 
 Loans 

Balance 

Loans 

Balance 

5 or less

22 

197 

17 

145 

6-10

1,675 

32,270 

1,420 

28,119 

11-12

199 

4,836 

181 

4,382 

13-15

5,223 

154,824 

4,551 

135,319 

16-20

10,494 

594,596 

8,450 

454,556 

21-25

1,098 

52,122 

1,111 

51,386 

26-30

1,589 

117,794 

1,547 

107,743 

Total

20,300 

956,639 

17,277 

781,650 

Delinquency statistics for the manufactured housing loan portfolio are as follows at
December 31 (dollars in thousands):

2006 
 
 2005 

No. of 
 
 Principal 
 
 of 
 
 No. of 
 
 Principal 
 
 of 

Days Delinquent 
 
 Loans 
 
 Balance 
 
 Portfolio 
 
 Loans 
 
 Balance 
 
 Portfolio 

31-60

248 

9,354 

1.0 

215 

8,182 

1.0 

61-90

86 

3,159 

0.3 

68 

2,561 

0.3 

Greater than 90

131 

5,416 

0.6 

192 

7,480 

1.0 

The Company defines non-performing loans as those loans that are greater than 90 days
delinquent in contractual principal payments. For the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, the
average total outstanding principal balance of non-performing loans was approximately 5.7 million
and 6.9 million respectively.

57 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 5 Loan Pools and Debt Securities Acquired with Evidence of Deterioration of Credit Quality 

The Company has loan pools and debt securities that were acquired, for which there was at
acquisition, evidence of deterioration of credit quality, and for which it was probable, at
acquisition, that all contractually required payments would not be collected. These loan pools and
debt securities are accounted for under the provisions of the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants AICPA Statement of Position 03-3 SOP 03-3 ), Accounting for Certain Loans
or Debt Securities Acquired in a Transfer.

Loan Pools Acquired with Evidence of Deterioration of Credit Quality 

The carrying amount of loan pools acquired with evidence of deterioration of credit qualify
was as follows at December 31 (in thousands):

2006 
 
 2005 

Outstanding balance

33,935 

38,933 

Carrying amount, net of allowance of 913 and 428, respectively

29,585 

35,149 

Accretable yield represents the excess of expected future cash flows over the remaining
carrying value of the purchased portfolio, which is recognized as interest income on a level-yield
basis over the life of the loan portfolio. Nonaccretable difference represents the difference
between the remaining expected cash flows and the total contractual obligation outstanding of the
purchased receivables. Changes in accretable yield for the years ended December 31 were as follows
(in thousands):

2006 

2005 

Beginning balance

16,144 

17,674 

Accretion

(2,767) 

(3,269) 

Additions due to purchases during the period

1,375 

Reclassifications from non-accretable yield

3,354 

364 

Disposals

Ending balance

16,731 

16,144 

During the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, the Company increased the allowance by
charges to the income statement of approximately 485,000 and 428,000. No allowances were reversed
in 2006 or 2005.

Loans acquired for which it was probable at acquisition that all contractually required
payments would not be collected for the years ended December 31 were as follows (in thousands):

2006 
 
 2005 

Contractually required payments receivable at acquisition

5,129 

Cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition

2,962 

Basis in acquired loans at acquisition

1,586 

Debt Securities Acquired with Evidence of Deterioration of Credit Quality 

The carrying amount of debt securities acquired with evidence of deterioration of credit
quality was as follows at December 31 (in thousands):

2006 
 
 2005 

Outstanding balance

8,616 

8,616 

Carrying amount, net

3,632 

3,801 

58 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 5 Loan Pools and Debt Securities Acquired with Evidence of Deterioration of Credit Quality,
continued: 

Accretable yield represents the excess of expected future cash flows over the remaining
carrying value of the debt securities, which is recognized as interest income on a level-yield
basis over the life of the debt securities. Nonaccretable difference represents the difference
between the remaining expected cash flows and the total contractual obligation outstanding of the
debt securities. Changes in accretable yield for the years ended December 31were as follows (in
thousands):

2006 

2005 

Beginning balance

10,329 

7,834 

Accretion

(678) 

(664) 

Additions due to purchases during the period

3,173 

Reclassifications from non-accretable yield

(151) 

(14) 

Disposals

Ending balance

9,500 

10,329 

During the year ended December 31, 2006 the Company recognized an other-than-temporary
impairment of 114,000. The Company did not recognize an other-than-temporary impairment during
the year ended December 31, 2005.

Debt securities acquired for which it was probable at acquisition that all contractually
required payments would not be collected for the years ended December 31 were as follows (in
thousands):

2006 
 
 2005 

Contractually required payments receivable at acquisition

4,999 

Cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition

4,129 

Basis in acquired loans at acquisition

956 

Note 6 Allowance for Loan Losses 

The allowance for loan losses and related additions and deductions to the allowance for the
years ended December 31 were as follows (in thousands):

2006 

2005 

2004 

Balance at beginning of period

10,017 

5,315 

3,614 

Provision for loan losses

7,069 

12,691 

7,053 

Transfers from recourse liability

2,036 

5,195 

Gross charge-offs

(17,685) 

(20,769) 

(19,385) 

Recoveries

9,055 

10,744 

8,838 

Balance at end of period

8,456 

10,017 

5,315 

59 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 7 Servicing Rights 

Changes in servicing rights for the years ended December 31 were as follows (in thousands):

2006 

2005 

2004 

Beginning balance of servicing rights

3,103 

4,097 

5,131 

Servicing rights retained upon sale of loans

14 

Loan portfolio repurchased

(108) 

Impairment

(69) 

Amortization

(432) 

(994) 

(1,034) 

Balance of servicing rights at end of period

2,508 

3,103 

4,097 

The Company services the manufactured housing loans it originates and holds in its loan
portfolio as well as manufactured housing loans it originated and securitized or sold with the
servicing rights retained. The principal balances of manufactured housing loans serviced for others
totaled approximately 0.6 billion, 0.7 billion and 0.8 billion at December 31, 2006, 2005 and
2004, respectively. The valuation allowance was approximately 69,000 as of December 31, 2006.
There was no valuation allowance as of December 31, 2005 or 2004.

At December 31, 2006, the total projected amortization of the remaining servicing rights is
approximately as follows: 2007 0.4 million; 2008 0.3 million; 2009 0.3 million; 2010 -
 0.2 million; 2011 0.2 million and 1.1 million thereafter.

Note 8 Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment are summarized as follows at December 31 (in thousands):

2006 

2005 

Furniture and fixtures

1,791 

1,666 

Leasehold improvements

895 

763 

Computer equipment

1,277 

1,087 

Capitalized software

1,620 

1,229 

5,583 

4,745 

Accumulated depreciation

(2,070) 

(1,187) 

3,513 

3,558 

Depreciation expense was approximately 1,032,000, 864,000 and 804,000 for the years ended
December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

Note 9 Derivatives 

In connection with the Company s strategy to mitigate interest rate risk and variability in
cash flows on its securitizations and anticipated securitizations the Company uses derivative
financial instruments such as interest rate swap contracts. It is not the Company s policy to use
derivatives to speculate on interest rates. These derivative instruments are intended to provide
income and cash flow to offset potential increased interest expense and potential variability in
cash flows under certain interest rate environments. In accordance with SFAS 133 the derivative
financial instruments are reported on the consolidated balance sheet at their fair value.

The Company documents the relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well
as its risk management objectives and strategies for undertaking various hedge transactions, at the
inception of the hedging transaction. This process includes linking derivatives to specific
liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company also assesses, both at the inception of
the hedge and on an ongoing basis, whether the derivatives used in hedging transactions are highly
effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged items. When it is determined that a
derivative is not highly effective as a hedge or that it has ceased to be a highly effective hedge,
the Company discontinues hedge accounting.

60 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 9 Derivatives, continued: 

When hedge accounting is discontinued because the Company determines that the derivative no
longer qualifies as a hedge, the derivative will continue to be recorded on the consolidated
balance sheet at its fair value. Any change in the fair value of a derivative no longer qualifying
as a hedge is recognized in current period earnings. For terminated cash flow hedges or cash flow
hedges that no longer qualify as highly effective, the effective position previously recorded in
accumulated other comprehensive income is recorded in earnings when the hedged item affects
earnings.

Cash Flow Hedge Instruments 

The Company evaluates the effectiveness of derivative financial instruments designated as cash
flow hedge instruments against the interest payments related to securitizations or anticipated
securitization in order to ensure that there remains a high correlation in the hedge relationship
and that the hedge relationship remains highly effective. To hedge the effect of interest rate
changes on cash flows or the overall variability in cash flows, which affect the interest payments
related to its securitization financing being hedged, the Company uses derivatives designated as
cash flow hedges under SFAS 133. Once the hedge relationship is established, for those derivative
instruments designated as qualifying cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on
the derivative is reported as a component of other comprehensive income during the current period,
and reclassified into earnings as part of interest expense in the periods during which the hedged
transaction affects earnings pursuant to SFAS 133. The ineffective portion of the derivative
instrument is recognized in earnings in the current period and is included in interest expense for
derivatives hedging future interest payments related to recognized liabilities and non-interest
income for derivatives hedging future interest payments related to forecasted liabilities. No
component of the derivative instrument s gain or loss has been excluded from the assessment of
hedge effectiveness. During the year ended December 31, 2006 the Company recognized no net
ineffectiveness in interest expense and a net loss of 1,000 in other income due to the ineffective
portion of these hedges. No ineffectiveness was recognized for the years ended December 31, 2005
and 2004.

For the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, the Company reclassified net losses of
approximately 55,000, 375,000 and 87,000, respectively, attributable to previously terminated
cash flow hedges, which have been recorded as an increase in interest expense. Net unrealized
losses of approximately 625,000 and net unrealized gains of approximately 907,000 related to cash
flow hedges were included in accumulated other comprehensive income as of December 31, 2006 and
2005, respectively. The Company expects to reclassify net losses of approximately 23,000 from
accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings during the next twelve months. The remaining
amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income is expected to be reclassified into earnings by
June 2016. As of December 31, 2006 the fair value of the Company s derivatives accounted for as
cash flow hedges approximated an asset of 121,000 which is included in other assets in the
consolidated balance sheet and a liability of 3.1 million which is included in other liabilities
in the consolidated balance sheet. At December 31, 2005, the Company had no open derivative
positions.

Derivatives Not Designated as Hedge Instruments 

As of December 31, 2006, the Company had one open interest rate swap contract which was not
designated as a hedge. This interest rate swap contract was entered into in connection with
another interest rate swap contract which is accounted for as a cash flow hedge for the purpose of
hedging the variability in expected cash flows from the variable-rate debt related to the Company s
2006-A securitization. The change in the fair value of the interest rate swap contract not
designated and documented as a hedge is recorded through earnings each period and is included in
non-interest income. During year ended December 31, 2006, the Company recognized net gains of
approximately 24,000 related to the change in fair value of this contract. The fair value of this
contract at December 31, 2006 was approximately 24,000 and is included in other assets in the
consolidated balance sheet. The Company did not have any derivatives which were not designated as
hedge instruments during the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004.

61 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 10 Loan Securitizations 

Periodically the Company securitizes manufactured housing loans. The Company records each
transaction based on its legal structure. Under the current legal structure of the securitization
program, the Company exchanges manufactured housing loans it originates and purchases with a trust
for cash. The trust then issues ownership interests to investors in asset-backed bonds secured by
the loans. All of the 2006 and 2005 securitizations were structured to issue classes of bonds with
different estimated maturity dates and average lives in order to meet investor demands.

The Company has structured all loan securitizations occurring since 2003 as financings for
accounting purposes under SFAS 140. When securitizations are structured as financings no gain or
loss is recognized, nor is any allocation made to residual interests or servicing rights. Rather,
the loans securitized continue to be carried by the Company as assets, and the asset-backed bonds
secured by the loans are carried as a liability. The Company records interest income on securitized
loans and interest expense on the bonds issued in the securitizations over the life of the
securitizations. Deferred debt issuance costs and discount related to the bonds are amortized on a
level yield basis over the estimated life of the bonds.

On August 25, 2006, the Company completed a securitized financing transaction of approximately
 224.2 million in principal balance of manufactured housing loans, which was funded by issuing
bonds of approximately 200.6 million. Approximately 199.2 million of the proceeds was used to
reduce the aggregate balances of notes outstanding under the Company s short-term securitization
facility.

On May 12, 2005, the Company completed a securitized financing transaction for approximately
 190.0 million in principle balance of manufactured housing loans, which was funded by issuing
bonds of approximately 165.3 million, at a duration-weighted average interest cost of 5.30 .
Approximately 156.2 million of the proceeds was used to reduce the aggregate balances of notes
outstanding under the Company s short-term securitization facility.

On December 15, 2005, the Company completed a securitized financing transaction for
approximately 175.0 million in principle balance of manufactured housing loans, which was funded
by issuing bonds of approximately 156.2 million, at a duration-weighted average interest cost of
6.15 . Approximately 148.4 million of the proceeds was used to reduce the aggregate balances of
notes outstanding under the Company s short-term securitization facility.

The total principal balance of loans serviced by the Company and which the Company has
previously securitized and accounted for as a sale was approximately 127.9 million and 150.3
million at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Delinquency statistics (including repossessed
inventory) on those loans are as follows at December 31 (dollars in thousands):

2006 
 
 2005 

No. of 
 
 Principal 
 
 of 
 
 No. of 
 
 Principal 
 
 of 

Days delinquent 
 
 Loans 
 
 Balance 
 
 Portfolio 
 
 Loans 
 
 Balance 
 
 Portfolio 

31-60

123 

4,659 

3.6 

93 

3,605 

2.4 

61-90

42 

1,705 

1.3 

43 

1,658 

1.1 

Greater than 90

81 

3,293 

2.6 

203 

8,895 

5.9 

62 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 11 Debt 

Total debt outstanding was as follows at December 31 (in thousands):

2006 

2005 

Warehouse financing

131,520 

65,411 

Securitization financing

685,013 

578,503 

Repurchase agreements

23,582 

23,582 

Notes payable servicing advances

2,185 

2,212 

842,300 

669,708 

Warehouse Financing Citigroup 

The Company, through its operating subsidiary Origen Financial L.L.C., currently has a short
term securitization facility used for warehouse financing with Citigroup Global Markets Realty
Corporation Citigroup ). Under the terms of the agreement, originally entered into in March 2003
and amended periodically, most recently in July 2006, the Company pledges loans as collateral and
in turn is advanced funds. The facility has a maximum advance amount of 200 million at an annual
interest rate equal to LIBOR plus a spread. Additionally, the facility includes a 35 million
supplemental advance amount that is collateralized by certain of the Company s residual interests
in its securitizations. The facility matures on March 22, 2007. The outstanding balance on the
facility was approximately 131.5 million and 65.4 million at December 31, 2006 and 2005,
respectively. It is anticipated that the facility will be renewed on terms no less favorable than
the current terms. At December 31, 2006 all financial covenants were met.

Securitization Financing 2004-A Securitization 

On February 11, 2004, the Company completed a securitization of approximately 238.0 million
in principal balance of manufactured housing loans. The securitization was accounted for as a
financing. As part of the securitization the Company, through a special purpose entity, issued
 200.0 million in notes payable. The notes are stratified into six different classes and pay
interest at a duration-weighted average rate of approximately 5.12 . The notes have a contractual
maturity date of October 2013 with respect to the Class A-1 notes; August 2017, with respect to the
Class A-2 notes; December 2020, with respect to the Class A-3 notes; and January 2035, with respect
to the Class A-4, Class M-1 and Class M-2 notes. The outstanding balance on the 2004-A
securitization notes was approximately 113.4 million and 138.3 million at December 31, 2006 and
2005, respectively.

Securitization Financing 2004-B Securitization 

On September 29, 2004, the Company completed a securitization of approximately 200.0 million
in principal balance of manufactured housing loans. The securitization was accounted for as a
financing. As part of the securitization the Company, through a special purpose entity, issued
 169.0 million in notes payable. The notes are stratified into seven different classes and pay
interest at a duration-weighted average rate of approximately 5.27 . The notes have a contractual
maturity date of June 2013 with respect to the Class A-1 notes; December 2017, with respect to the
Class A-2 notes; August 2021, with respect to the Class A-3 notes; and November 2035, with respect
to the Class A-4, Class M-1, Class M-2 and Class B-1 notes. The outstanding balance on the 2004-B
securitization notes was approximately 114.4 million and 136.2 million at December 31, 2006 and
2005, respectively.

Securitization Financing 2005-A Securitization 

On May 12, 2005, the Company completed a securitization of approximately 190.0 million in
principal balance of manufactured housing loans. The securitization was accounted for as a
financing. As part of the securitization the Company, through a special purpose entity, issued
 165.3 million in notes payable. The notes are stratified into seven different classes and pay
interest at a duration-weighted average rate of approximately 5.30 . The notes have a contractual
maturity date of July 2013 with respect to the Class A-1 notes; May 2018, with respect to the Class
A-2 notes; October 2021, with respect to the Class A-3 notes; and June 2036, with respect to the
Class A-4, Class M-1, Class M-2 and Class B notes. The outstanding balance on the 2005-A
securitization notes was approximately 128.7
million and 150.5 million at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

63 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 11 Debt, continued: 

Securitization Financing 2005-B Securitization 

On December 15, 2005, the Company completed a securitization of approximately 175.0 million
in principal balance of manufactured housing loans. The securitization was accounted for as a
financing. As part of the securitization the Company, through a special purpose entity, issued
 156.2 million in notes payable. The notes are stratified into eight different classes and pay
interest at a duration-weighted average rate of approximately 6.15 . The notes have a contractual
maturity date of February 2014 with respect to the Class A-1 notes; December 2018, with respect to
the Class A-2 notes; May 2022, with respect to the Class A-3 notes; and January 2037, with respect
to the Class A-4, Class M-1, Class M-2 , Class B-1 and B-2 notes. The outstanding balance on the
2005-B securitization notes was approximately 137.5 million and 153.5 million at December 31,
2006 and 2005, respectively.

Securitization Financing 2006-A Securitization 

On August 25, 2006, the Company completed a securitization of approximately 224.2 million in
principal balance of manufactured housing loans. The securitization was accounted for as a
financing. As part of the securitization the Company, through a special purpose entity, issued
 200.6 million in notes payable. The notes are stratified into two different classes. The Class
A-1 notes pay interest at one month LIBOR plus 15 basis points and have a contractual maturity date
of November 15, 2018. The Class A-2 notes pay interest based on a rate established by the auction
agent at each rate determination date and have a contractual maturity date of October 15, 2037.
Additional credit enhancement was provided through the issuance of a financial guaranty insurance
policy by Ambac Assurance Corporation. The outstanding balance on the 2006-A securitization notes
was approximately 191.0 million and 0 at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

Repurchase Agreements Citigroup 

The Company has entered into four repurchase agreements with Citigroup. Three of the
repurchase agreements are for the purpose of financing the purchase of investments in three asset
backed securities with principal balances of 32.0 million, 3.1 million and 3.7 million
respectively. The fourth repurchase agreement is for the purpose of financing a portion of the
Company s residual interest in the 2004-B securitization with a principal balance of 4.0 million.
Under the terms of the agreements the Company sells its interest in the securities with an
agreement to repurchase them at a predetermined future date at the principal amount sold plus an
interest component. The securities are financed at an amount equal to 75 of their current market
value as determined by Citigroup. Typically the repurchase agreements are rolled over for 30 day
periods when they expire. The annual interest rates on the agreements are equal to LIBOR plus a
spread. The repurchase agreements had outstanding principal balances of approximately 16.8
million, 1.7 million, 2.1 million and 3.0 million, respectively, at both December 31, 2006 and
2005.

Notes Payable Servicing Advances JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

The Company currently has a revolving credit facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Under the
terms of the facility the Company can borrow up to 4.0 million for the purpose of funding required
principal and interest advances on manufactured housing loans that are serviced for outside
investors. Borrowings under the facility are repaid upon the collection by the Company of monthly
payments made by borrowers under such manufactured housing loans. The bank s prime interest rate is
payable on the outstanding balance. To secure the loan, the Company has granted JPMorgan Chase a
security interest in substantially all its assets excluding securitized assets. The expiration date
of the facility is December 31, 2007. The outstanding balance on the facility was approximately
 2.2 million at both December 31, 2006 and 2005. At December 31, 2006 all financial covenants under
the facility were met.

64 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 11 Debt, continued: 

The average balance and average interest rate of outstanding debt was as follows at December
31 (dollars in thousands):

2006 
 
 2005 

Average 
 
 Average 
 
 Average 
 
 Average 

Balance 
 
 Rate 
 
 Balance 
 
 Rate 

Warehouse financing Citigroup

120,649 

7.0 

139,539 

5.2 

Securitization financing 2004-A securitization

126,655 

5.4 

154,295 

4.9 

Securitization financing 2004-B securitization

125,849 

5.5 

149,499 

5.1 

Securitization financing 2005-A securitization

139,842 

5.2 

101,441 

5.1 

Securitization financing 2005-B securitization

146,178 

5.7 

7,228 

5.5 

Securitization financing 2006-A securitization

69,158 

6.0 

Repurchase agreements Citigroup

23,582 

5.9 

22,793 

4.2 

Note payable servicing advances JPMorgan
Chase, N.A.

447 

9.4 

710 

7.5 

At December 31, 2006, the total of maturities and amortization of debt during the next five
years and thereafter are approximately as follows: 2007 242.8 million; 2008 130.7 million;
2009 73.4 million; 2010 64.0 million; 2011 53.2 million and 278.2 million thereafter.

Note 12 Employee Benefits 

The Company maintains a 401(k) plan covering substantially all employees who meet certain
minimum requirements. Participating employees can make salary contributions to the plan up to
Internal Revenue Code limits. The Company matches up to 0.50 for each dollar contributed by each
eligible participant in the plan up to 6 of each eligible participant s annual compensation. The
Company s related expense was approximately 333,000, 151,000 and 162,000, respectively for the
years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004.

The Company is self-insured for health care costs. However, it maintains a stop-loss coverage
of 85,000 per individual. Amounts for claims filed and estimates for claims incurred but not
reported were approximately 200,000 and 121,000 at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

Note 13 Share-Based Compensation Plan 

The Company s equity incentive plan has approximately 1.8 million shares of common stock
reserved for issuance as either stock options or non-vested stock grants. As of December 31, 2006,
approximately 276,000 shares of common stock remained available for issuance, as either stock
options or non-vested stock grants, under the plan. The compensation cost that has been charged
against income for those plans was 1.7 million, 2.5 million and 2.1 million for the years ended
December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

The Company adopted SFAS 123(R) on January 1, 2006, using the modified-prospective transition
method, to account for its equity incentive plan. Prior to January 1, 2006, as permitted under the
provisions of SFAS 123, the Company had chosen to recognize compensation expense using the
intrinsic value-based method of valuing stock options prescribed in APB 25. Under the intrinsic
value-based method, compensation cost is measured as the amount by which the quoted market price of
the Company s stock at the date of grant exceeds the stock option exercise price. All options
granted by the Company prior to the adoption of SFAS 123(R) were granted at a fixed price not less
than the market value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant and, therefore, were not
included in compensation expense, prior to the adoption of SFAS 123(R). Results for prior periods
have not been restated.

65 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 13 Share-Based Compensation Plan, continued: 

As a result of adopting SFAS 123(R) on January 1, 2006, the Company s net income after the
cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle was 22,000 higher for the year ended
December 31, 2006 than if it had continued to account for share-based compensation under APB 25.
There would have been no change in basic or diluted earnings per share for the year ended December
31, 2006, if the Company had not adopted SFAS 123(R). The effect of this change from applying the
original provisions of SFAS 123 had no effect on cash flow from operations and financing
activities.

Stock Options 

Under the plan, the exercise price of the options will not be less than the fair market value
of the common stock on the date of grant. The date on which the options are first exercisable is
determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors as the administrator of the
Company s equity incentive plan, and options that have been issued to date generally vested over a
two-year period, have 10-year contractual terms and a 5-year expected option term. The Company
does not pay dividends or make distributions on unexercised options. As of December 31, 2006 there
was 37,000 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options granted under the
equity incentive plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
2.0 years.

There were no stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2006 or 2005. 198,000
stock options were granted during the year ended December 31, 2004. No stock options were
exercised during the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 or 2004. The fair value of each stock
option granted during the year ended December 31, 2004 was estimated on the date of grant using a
binomial option-pricing model based on the assumptions stated below:

Estimated weighted average fair value per share of options granted

0.40 

Assumptions:

Annualized dividend yield

12.00 

Common stock price volatility

15.00 

Weighted average risk free rate of return

4.00 

Weighted average expected option term (in years)

5.0 

The following table summarizes the activity relating to the Company s stock options for the
year ended December 31, 2006:

Weighted 

Weighted 

Average 

Average 

Remaining 

Number of 

Exercise 

Contractual 

Options 

Price 

Term 

Options outstanding at January 1, 2006

255,500 

10.00 

7.9 

Granted

Exercised

Forfeited

(12,000) 

10.00 

7.5 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2006

243,500 

10.00 

7.0 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2006

243,500 

10.00 

7.0 

66 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 13 Share-Based Compensation Plan, continued: 

The following table illustrates the effect on net income and earnings per share if the Company
had applied the fair value recognition provisions of SFAS 123 to options granted under the
Company s equity incentive plan for the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004. Note that the pro
forma disclosures are provided for 2005 because employee stock options were not accounted for using
the fair-value method during those periods. Disclosures for 2006 are not presented because
share-based payments have been accounted for under SFAS 123(R) s fair-value method. For purposes
of this pro forma disclosure, the value of the options is estimated using a binomial option-pricing
model.

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2005 

December 31, 2004 

Net loss available to common shareholders

(2,675) 

(2,982) 

Stock option compensation cost

(21) 

(21) 

Pro forma net loss available to common shareholders

(2,696) 

(3,003) 

Basic loss per share as reported

(0.11) 

(0.14) 

Pro forma basic loss per share

(0.11) 

(0.14) 

Diluted loss per share as reported

(0.11) 

(0.14) 

Pro forma diluted loss per share

(0.11) 

(0.14) 

Non-Vested Stock Awards 

The Company grants non-vested stock awards to certain directors, officers and employees under
the equity incentive plan. The grantees of the non-vested stock awards are entitled to receive all
dividends and other distributions paid with respect to the common shares of the Company underlying
such non-vested stock awards at the time such dividends or distributions are paid to holders of
common shares.

The Company recognized compensation expense for outstanding non-vested stock awards over their
vesting periods for an amount equal to the fair value of the non-vested stock awards at grant date.
As of December 31, 2006 there was 3.5 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to
non-vested stock awards granted under the equity incentive plan. That cost is expected to be
recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.4 years

The Company recorded a cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle in the amount of
 46,000, as a result of the adoption of SFAS 123(R), as of January 1, 2006 to reflect the change in
accounting for forfeitures. Results for prior periods have not been restated.

The following table summarizes the activity relating to the Company s non-vested stock awards
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2006:

Number of 

Weighted Average 

Non-Vested 

Grant Date 

Stock Awards 

Fair Value 

Non-vested at January 1, 2006

469,837 

8.02 

Granted

470,000 

6.18 

Vested

(269,493) 

8.63 

Forfeited

(8,501) 

7.12 

Non-vested at December 31, 2006

661,843 

6.48 

67 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 14 Stockholders Equity 

Effective January 1, 2004, the Company sold 125 shares of its Series A Cumulative Redeemable
Preferred Stock directly to 125 investors at a per share price of 1,000. The transaction resulted in net
proceeds to the Company of 95,000. These shares pay dividends quarterly at an annual rate of
12.5 .

On October 8, 2003, the Company completed a private placement of 150.0 million of our common
stock to certain institutional and accredited investors.

On February 4, 2004, the Company completed a private placement of 1,000,000 shares of its
common stock to one institutional investor. The offering provided net proceeds to the Company of
approximately 9.4 million.

On May 6, 2004, the Company completed an initial public offering of 8.0 million shares of its
common stock. In June 2004 the underwriters of the initial public offering purchased an additional
625,900 shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to an underwriter s over-allotment option.
Net proceeds from these transactions were 72.2 million after discount and expenses, which were
used primarily to pay down the aggregate balances of the notes outstanding under the Company s loan
funding facility with Citigroup and to fund new loan originations.

Data pertaining to the Company s grants of non-vested shares awarded to certain directors,
officers and employees under the Company s equity incentive plan for the years ended December 31,
2006, 2005 and 2004 are as follows:

Grant Date Fair Value 

Grant Date 
 
 Shares Granted 
 
 per share 

June 15, 2006

215,000 

6.15 

July 14, 2006

175,000 

6.16 

December 28, 2006

80,000 

6.31 

May 8, 2005

299,000 

7.21 

October 26, 2005

5,000 

7.06 

January 29, 2004

207,000 

10.00 

March 23, 2004

113,000 

10.00 

August 5, 2004

111,750 

7.50 

There were stock award share forfeitures of 8,501, 8,334 and 24,750 and 222,669, 254,160 and
100,829 stock award shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004,
respectively. Compensation expense related to these stock awards is being recognized over their
estimated service period. Compensation cost recognized for the non-vested stock awards was
approximately 1.7 million, 2.5 million and 2.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2006,
2005 and 2004, respectively. Compensation expense to be recognized related to these awards over
the next twelve months is expected to be approximately 1.4 million.

68 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 14 Stockholders Equity, continued: 

Data pertaining to the Company s distributions declared and paid to common stockholders during
the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 are as follows:

Distribution per 

Declaration Date 
 
 Record Date 
 
 Date Paid 
 
 Share 
 
 Total Distribution 

thousands) 

April 27, 2006

May 19, 2006 
 
 May 31, 2006 

0.03 

761 

August 7, 2006

August 18, 2006 
 
 August 31, 2006 

0.03 

773 

November 2, 2006

November 13, 2006 
 
 November 30, 2006 

0.03 

773 

March 14, 2005

March 24, 2005 
 
 March 31, 2005 

0.04 

1,008 

April 27, 2005

May 25, 2005 
 
 May 31, 2005 

0.06 

1,528 

July 18, 2005

August 22, 2005 
 
 August 31, 2005 

0.06 

1,528 

October 26, 2005

November 21, 2005 
 
 November 30, 2005 

0.06 

1,528 

March 16, 2004

March 16, 2004 
 
 June 6, 2004 

0.04 

656 

July 22, 2004

August 2, 2004 
 
 August 30, 2004 

0.06 

1,507 

November 12, 2004

November 22, 2004 
 
 November 29, 2004 

0.25 

6,304 

69 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 15 Income Taxes 

The Company s 2006 provision for income taxes was approximately 24,000 and related to current
federal income taxes. The Company had no provision for income taxes during the years ended
December 31, 2005 and 2004.

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the
deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31 are as follows (in thousands):

2006 

2005 

Deferred tax assets:

Amortization of intangibles

751 

812 

Net operating loss carryforwards

1,000 

1,411 

Other

300 

264 

Gross deferred tax assets

2,051 

2,487 

Less: valuation allowance

(419) 

(1,079) 

1,632 

1,408 

Deferred tax liabilities

Amortization of intangibles

1,354 

1,194 

Other

278 

214 

1,632 

1,408 

Net deferred tax asset

The Company recognizes all of its deferred tax assets if it believes that it is more likely
than not, given all available evidence, that all of the benefits of the net operating loss
carryforwards and other deferred tax assets will be realized. The Company recorded a valuation
allowance of 0.4 million and 1.1 million as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively,
associated with net operating loss carryforwards that management believes, based on the available
evidence, is more likely than not that the Company will not realize the benefit of. Management
believes that, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that the Company will
realize the benefit from its remaining deferred tax assets. As of December 31, 2006 the Company s
total net operating loss carryforwards were approximately 2.9 million and are scheduled to expire
in 2023 through 2025.

For income tax purposes, distributions paid to common stockholders consist of ordinary income
and return of capital. Distributions paid were taxable as follows for the years and period ended
December 31 (dollars in thousands):

2006 

2005 

2004 

Amount 

Percentage 

Amount 

Percentage 

Amount 

Percentage 

Ordinary income

2,182 

94.5 

1,242 

22.2 

4,496 

53.1 

Return of capital

127 

5.5 

4,350 

77.8 

3,971 

46.9 

2,309 

100.0 

5,592 

100.0 

8,467 

100.0 

A portion of the Company s income from a qualified REIT subsidiary that would otherwise be
classified as a taxable mortgage pool, may be treated as excess inclusion income, which would be
subject to the distribution requirements that apply to the Company and could therefore adversely
affect its liquidity. Generally, a stockholder s share of excess inclusion income would not be
allowed to be offset by any operating losses otherwise available to the stockholder. Tax exempt
entities that own shares in a REIT must treat their allocable share of excess inclusion income as
unrelated business taxable income. Any portion of a REIT dividend paid to foreign stockholders that
is allocable to excess inclusion income will not be eligible for exemption from the 30 withholding
tax (or reduced treaty rate) on dividend income. For the year ended December 31, 2006,
approximately 94.5 of distributions paid represents excess inclusion income.

70 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 16 Liquidity Risks and Uncertainties 

The risks associated with the Company s business become more acute in any economic slowdown or
recession. Periods of economic slowdown or recession may be accompanied by decreased demand for
consumer credit and declining asset values. In the manufactured housing business, any material
decline in collateral values increases the loan-to-value ratios of loans previously made, thereby
weakening collateral coverage and increasing the size of losses in the event of default.
Delinquencies, foreclosures and losses generally increase during economic slowdowns or recessions.

For the Company s finance customers, loss of employment, increases in cost-of-living or other
adverse economic conditions would impair their ability to meet their payment obligations. Higher
industry inventory levels of repossessed manufactured houses may affect recovery rates and result
in future impairment charges and provision for losses. In addition, in an economic slowdown or
recession, servicing and litigation costs generally increase. Any sustained period of increased
delinquencies, foreclosures, losses or increased costs would adversely affect the Company s
financial condition and results of operations.

Management believes that it will have sufficient sources of capital to allow the Company to
continue its operations including loan originations in the near term; however, the Company s future
cash flow requirements depend on numerous factors, many of which are outside of its control.

Cash generated from operations, borrowings under the Company s Citigroup facility, loan
securitizations, borrowings against our securitized loan residuals, convertible debt, equity
interests or additional debt financing arrangements (either pursuant to the Company s shelf
registration on Form S-3 or otherwise) will enable the Company to meet its liquidity needs for at
least the next twelve months depending on market conditions. Market conditions may affect loan
origination volume, loan purchase opportunities and the availability of securitizations. If market
conditions require or if loan purchase opportunities become available, the Company may seek
additional funds through expanded or additional credit facilities or additional sales of its common
or preferred stock.

The Company s ability to obtain funding from operations may be adversely impacted by, among
other things, market and economic conditions in the manufactured housing financing markets
generally, including decreased sales of manufactured houses. The ability to obtain funding from
loan sales and securitizations may be adversely impacted by, among other things, the price and
credit quality of the Company s loans, conditions in the securities markets generally (and
specifically in the manufactured housing asset-backed securities market), compliance of loans with
the eligibility requirements for a particular securitization and any material negative rating
agency action pertaining to certificates issued in the Company s securitizations. The ability to
obtain funding from sales of securities or debt financing arrangements may be adversely impacted
by, among other things, market and economic conditions in the manufactured housing financing
markets generally and the Company s financial condition and prospects.

71 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 17 Lease Commitments 

The Company leases office facilities and equipment under leasing agreements that expire at
various dates. These leases generally contain scheduled rent increases or escalation clauses and/or
renewal options. Future minimum rental payments under agreements classified as operating leases
with non-cancellable terms at December 31, 2006 were as follows (in thousands):

2007

1,118 

2008

1,078 

2009

1,076 

2010

987 

2011

792 

Thereafter

197 

Total

5,248 

For the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, rental and operating lease expense
amounted to approximately 1.3 million, 1.1 million and 1.1 million, respectively. The Company
did not pay any contingent rental expense nor receive any sublease income during the years ended
December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004.

Note 18 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 107 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial
Instruments, requires disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments, whether or
not recognized in the balance sheet, for which it is practicable to estimate such value. In cases
where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present
value or other valuation techniques.

The following table shows the carrying amount and estimated fair values of the Company s
financial instruments at December 31 (in thousands):

2006 
 
 2005 

Estimated 

Estimated 

Carrying 
 
 Fair 
 
 Carrying 
 
 Fair 

Amount 
 
 Value 
 
 Amount 
 
 Value 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents

2,566 

2,566 

8,307 

8,307 

Restricted cash

15,412 

15,412 

13,635 

13,635 

Investments

41,538 

41,538 

41,914 

41,914 

Loans receivable

950,226 

990,237 

768,410 

804,824 

Servicing rights

2,508 

2,508 

3,103 

3,310 

Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

26,303 

26,303 

23,344 

23,344 

Warehouse financing

131,520 

131,520 

65,411 

65,411 

Securitization financing

685,013 

675,483 

578,503 

569,813 

Repurchase agreements

23,582 

23,582 

23,582 

23,582 

Note payable servicing advances

2,185 

2,185 

2,212 

2,212 

The carrying amounts for cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash are reasonable
estimates of their fair value.

The carrying value of the Company s investments is a reasonable estimate of their fair value
based on the discounted value of the remaining principal and interest cash flows.

Fair values for the Company s loans receivable are determined by market price based upon
estimated securitization prices.

The carrying amount of accrued interest approximates its fair value.

The fair value for the Company s servicing rights in 2006 was based on internal evaluation
based on the discounted value of remaining servicing rights cash flows. The 2005 fair value was
based on an independent appraisal.

72 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Due to their short maturity, accounts payable and accrued expense carrying values approximate
fair value.

The fair value of the Company s debt, other than securitization financing, is based on its
carrying amount.

The fair value of the Company s securitization financing is estimated using quoted market
prices.

Note 19 Related Party Transactions 

Gary A. Shiffman, one of the Company s directors, is the Chairman of the Board, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Sun Communities, Inc. Sun Communities ). Sun Communities owns
approximately 19 of the Company s outstanding common stock. Mr. Shiffman beneficially owns
approximately 19 of the Company s outstanding stock, which amount includes his deemed beneficial
ownership of the stock owned by Sun Communities. Mr. Shiffman and his affiliates beneficially own
approximately 11 of the outstanding common stock of Sun Communities. He is the President of Sun
Home Services, Inc. Sun Home ), of which Sun Communities is the sole beneficial owner.

Origen Servicing, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Origen Financial L.L.C., serviced
approximately 20.7 million and 19.6 million in manufactured housing loans for Sun Home as of
December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Servicing fees paid by Sun Home to Origen Servicing, Inc.
were approximately 0.3 million, 0.3 million and 0.2 million during the years ended December 31,
2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

The Company has agreed to fund loans that meet Sun Home s underwriting guidelines and then
transfer those loans to Sun Home pursuant to a commitment fee arrangement. The Company recognizes
no gain or loss on the transfer of these loans. The Company funded approximately 8.0 million, 7.2
million and 4.7 million in loans and transferred approximately 7.9 million, 7.2 million and 4.8
million in loans under this agreement during the three years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and
2004, respectively. The Company recognized fee income under this agreement of approximately
 160,000, 94,000 and 34,000 for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004.

Sun Home has purchased certain repossessed houses owned by the Company and located in
manufactured housing communities owned by Sun Communities, subject to Sun Home s prior approval.
Under this agreement, the Company sold to Sun Home approximately 1.2 million, 2.1 million and
 3.1 million of repossessed houses during years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004,
respectively. This program allows the Company to further enhance recoveries on repossessed houses
and allows Sun Home to retain houses for resale in its communities.

During the year ended December 31, 2006, Origen Financial L.L.C. repurchased approximately
 4.2 million in loans from Sun Homes. The purchase price, which included a premium of
approximately 20,000, approximated fair value. The Company did not purchase any loans from Sun
Communities or its affiliates during the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004.

The Company leases its executive offices in Southfield, Michigan from an entity in which Mr.
Shiffman and certain of his affiliates beneficially own approximately a 21 interest. Ronald A.
Klein, a director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, owns less than a 1 interest in
the landlord entity. William M. Davidson, the sole member of Woodward Holding, LLC, which owns
approximately 7 of the Company s common stock, beneficially owns an approximate 14 interest in
the landlord entity. The Company recorded rental expense for these offices of approximately
 465,000, 408,000 and 398,000 for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

73 

Table of Contents 

Origen Financial, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 20 Selected Quarterly Financial Data (UNAUDITED) 

Selected unaudited quarterly financial data for 2006 is as follows (in thousands, except share
data):

Quarter Ended 

December 31 
 
 September 30 
 
 June 30 
 
 March 31 

Net interest income before loan losses and impairment

8,053 

7,356 

7,775 

7,613 

Provision for loan losses and impairment

2,630 

1,598 

1,201 

2,125 

Non interest income

5,037 

4,362 

4,209 

4,179 

Non interest expense

8,403 

8,366 

8,779 

8,533 

Net income before income taxes and cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

2,057 

1,754 

2,004 

1,134 

Income tax expense

24 

Net income before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

2,033 

1,754 

2,004 

1,134 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

46 

Net income

2,033 

1,754 

2,004 

1,180 

Earnings per common share before cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle basic and diluted (1)

0.08 

0.07 

0.08 

0.05 

Earnings per common share basic and diluted (1)

0.08 

0.07 

0.08 

0.05 

Selected unaudited quarterly financial data for 2005 is as follows (in thousands, except
share data):

Quarter Ended 

December 31 
 
 September 30 
 
 June 30 
 
 March 31 

Net interest income before loan losses and impairment

7,532 

7,694 

7,941 

7,756 

Provision for loan losses and impairment

2,319 

7,125 

1,645 

2,030 

Non interest income

4,101 

3,874 

3,396 

3,280 

Non interest expense

8,411 

10,525 

8,179 

7,999 

Net income before income taxes and cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

903 

(6,082) 

1,513 

1,007 

Income tax expense

Net income (loss) before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

903 

(6,082) 

1,513 

1,007 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

Net income (loss)

903 

(6,082) 

1,513 

1,007 

Earnings (loss) per common share before cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle basic and diluted (1)

0.04 

(0.24) 

0.06 

0.04 

Earnings (loss) per common share basic and diluted (1)

0.04 

(0.24) 

0.06 

0.04 

(1) 
 
 Quarterly and year-to-date computations of per share amounts are made independently;
therefore, the sum of per share amounts for the quarters may not equal per share amounts for
the year. 

Note 21 Subsequent Events 

James A. Williams, a member of the Company s Board of Directors, died on January 29, 2007. Mr.
Williams, age 64, served as a director since the Company s inception in 2003. Mr. Williams was the
Chairman of the Compensation Committee and Chairman of the Audit Committee, a member of the
Executive Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Company s Board of
Directors.

On March 1, 2007, the Company declared a dividend of 0.04 per common share payable to holders
of record as of March 26, 2007. Payment of the dividend is planned for April 2, 2007.

74 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosures Controls and Procedures

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of December 31, 2006. This
conclusion is based on an evaluation conducted under the supervision and with the participation of
management. Disclosure controls and procedures are those controls and procedures which ensure that
information required to be disclosed in our filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and regulations,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, in order to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosures.

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting regarding the effectiveness
of internal controls over financial reporting is presented on page 41. The Report of Independent
Registered Accounting Firm is presented on page 43. Our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has determined that during the quarter ended December 31,
2006, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial
reporting. It should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can
provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system will be met.
In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems,
there is only reasonable assurance that our controls will succeed in achieving their goals under
all potential future conditions.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None.

PART III 

The information required by Items 10-14 will be included in our proxy statement for our 2007
Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and is incorporated by reference herein.

75 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following documents are filed herewith as part of this Form 10-K:

(1) 
 
 The following financial statements are set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this
report 

Page 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

41 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

42 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

43 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2006 and 2005

44 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 and 2004

45 

Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2006,
2005 and 2004

46 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2006,
2005 and 2004

47 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

48 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

49 

(2) 
 
 Not applicable 

(3) 
 
 A list of the exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K to be filed as a
part of this Form 10-K is shown on the Exhibit Index filed herewith. 

76 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized.

Date: March 15, 2007

ORIGEN FINANCIAL, INC., a Delaware corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Ronald A. Klein

Ronald A. Klein, Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on
Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated.

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Ronald A. Klein
 
 Ronald
A, Klein

Chief Executive Officer and Director

March 15, 2007 

/s/ W. Anderson Geater, Jr.
 
 W.
Anderson Geater, Jr.

Chief Financial Officer and Principal
Accounting Officer

March 15, 2007 

/s/ Paul A. Halpern
 
 Paul
A. Halpern

Chairman of the Board

March 15, 2007 

/s/ Richard H. Rogel
 
 Richard
H. Rogel

Director

March 15, 2007 

/s/ Gary A. Shiffman
 
 Gary
A. Shiffman

Director

March 15, 2007 

/s/ Michael J. Wechsler
 
 Michael
J. Wechsler

Director

March 15, 2007 

77 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 

Method of 

Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Filing 

1.1

Sales Agreement dated August 29, 2005 between Origen Financial, Inc., and Brinson
Patrick Securities Corporation

(1) 

3.1.1

Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Origen Financial, Inc.,
filed October 7, 2003, and currently in effect

(2) 

3.1.2

Certificate of Designations for Origen Financial, Inc. s Series A Cumulative
Redeemable Preferred Stock

(2) 

3.2.1

By-laws of Origen Financial, Inc.

(3) 

3.2.2

Amendments to the Bylaws of Origen Financial, Inc. effective December 15, 2006

(4) 

4.1

Form of Common Stock Certificate

(2) 

4.2

Registration Rights Agreement dated as of October 8, 2003 among Origen Financial,
Inc., Lehman Brothers Inc., on behalf of itself and as agent for the investors
listed on Schedule A thereto and those persons listed on Schedule B thereto

(2) 

4.3

Registration Rights Agreement dated as of February 4, 2004 between Origen Financial,
Inc.and DB Structured Finance Americas, LLC

(2) 

4.4

Form of Senior Indenture

(1) 

4.5

Form of Subordinated Indenture

(1) 

10.1

2003 Equity Incentive Plan of Origen Financial, Inc.#

(2) 

10.2

First Amendment to 2003 Equity Incentive Plan of Origen Financial, Inc.#

(5) 

10.3

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement#

(2) 

10.4

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement#

(2) 

10.5

Employment Agreement dated July 14, 2006 among Origen Financial, Inc., Origen
Financial L.L.C. and Ronald A. Klein#

(6) 

10.6

Employment Agreement dated December 28, 2006 among Origen Financial, Inc., Origen
Financial L.L.C. and W. Anderson Geater, Jr. #

(7) 

10.7

Employment Agreement dated December 28, 2006 among Origen Financial, Inc., Origen
Financial L.L.C. and Mark Landschulz #

(7) 

10.8

Employment Agreement dated December 28, 2006 among Origen Financial, Inc., Origen
Financial L.L.C. and J. Peter Scherer #

(7) 

10.9

Employment Agreement between Origen Financial, Inc., Origen Financial L.L.C. and
Benton Sergi#

(8) 

10.10

Origen Financial L.L.C. Endorsement Split-Dollar Plan dated November 14, 2003#

(2) 

10.11

Origen Financial L.L.C. Capital Accumulation Plan#

(2) 

10.12

First Amendment to Origen Financial L.L.C. Capital Accumulation Plan#

(2) 

10.13

Services and Interest Rebate Agreement dated October 8, 2003 between Origen
Financial L.L.C. and Sun Communities, Inc.

(2) 

10.14

Credit Agreement dated July 25, 2002 between Origen Financial L.L.C. and Bank One, NA

(2) 

10.15

First Amendment to Credit Agreement between Origen Financial L.L.C. and Bank One, NA
dated June 27, 2003

(2) 

10.16

Second Amendment to Credit Agreement between Origen Financial L.L.C. and Bank One,
NA dated October 23, 2003

(2) 

10.17

Third Amendment to Credit Agreement between Origen Financial L.L.C. and Bank One, NA
dated December 31, 2003

(2) 

10.18

Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement effective as of December 31, 2004 between

(9) 

78 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 

Method of 

Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Filing 

Origen Financial L.L.C. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (as successor by merger to
Bank One, NA) 

10.19

Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement effective as of December 23, 2005 between Origen
Financial L.L.C. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

(10) 

10.20

Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement effective as of December 22, 2006 between Origen
Financial L.L.C. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

(11) 

10.21

Lease dated October 18, 2002 between American Center LLC and Origen Financial L.L.C.

(2) 

10.22

Agency Agreement between American Modern Home Insurance Company, American Family
Home Insurance Company and OF Insurance Agency, Inc. dated December 31, 2003

(2) 

10.23

Origen Financial, Inc. Retention Plan dated June 15, 2006#

(12) 

21.1

List of Origen Financial, Inc. s Subsidiaries.

(11) 

23.1

Consent of Grant Thornton LLP

(11) 

31.1

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

(11) 

31.2

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

(11) 

32.1

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

(11) 

99.1

Amended and Restated Charter of the Audit Committee of the Origen Financial, Inc.
Board of Directors

(2) 

99.2

Charter of the Compensation Committee of the Origen Financial, Inc. Board of
Directors

(2) 

99.3

Charter of the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Origen Financial, Inc.
Board of Directors

(2) 

99.4

Charter of the Executive Committee of the Origen Financial, Inc. Board of Directors

(2) 

99.5

Corporate Governance Guidelines

(2) 

99.6

Code of Business Conduct

(2) 

99.7

Financial Code of Ethics

(2) 

(1) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Origen Financial, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-3 No.
33-127931. 

(2) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Origen Financial, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-11 No.
33-112516, as amended. 

(3) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Origen Financial, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2005. 

(4) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Origen Financial, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated
December 15, 2006. 

(5) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Origen Financial, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended June 30, 2005. 

(6) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Origen Financial, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July
14, 2006 

(7) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Origen Financial, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated
December 28, 2006 

(8) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Origen Financial, Inc. s Amendment to Annual Report on Form
10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2004. 

(9) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Origen Financial, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2004. 

(10) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Origen Financial, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2005. 

(11) 
 
 Filed herewith. 

79 

Table of Contents 

(12) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Origen Financial, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June
15, 2006. 

# 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

80 

<EX-10.20>
 2
 k13177exv10w20.htm
 SIXTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

exv10w20 

EXHIBIT 10.20

SIXTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

THIS SIXTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of December 22, 2006 (this Amendment ),
is between Origen Financial L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (together with its
successors and assigns, the Borrower ), and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (together with its
successors and assigns, the Lender ).

RECITALS 

A. The Borrower and the Lender are parties to a Credit Agreement dated as of July
25, 2002, as amended by a First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated June 27, 2003, a waiver
letter dated August 29, 2003, a Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated October 23, 2003, a Third
Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of December 31, 2003, a Fourth Amendment to Credit
Agreement dated as of December 31, 2004 and a Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of
December 23, 2005 (the Credit Agreement ).

B. The Borrower desires to extend and amend the Credit Agreement as set forth
herein and the Lender is willing to do so strictly in accordance with the terms hereof.

TERMS 

In consideration of the premises and of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties
agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1. 
 AMENDMENTS 

Upon fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Article 3 hereof, the Credit Agreement shall
be amended as follows:

1.1 The definitions of Alternate Base Rate and Termination Date in Article I of the Credit
Agreement are restated as follows:

Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate of interest per annum equal to the higher of
(i) the prime rate of interest announced from time to time by the Lender or by its parent (which
is not necessarily the lowest rate charged to any customer), changing when and as said prime rate
changes, minus 0.50 per annum and (ii) the federal funds effective rate (as published by the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York) for such day.

Termination Date means December 31, 2007.

1.2 Notwithstanding anything in Credit Agreement to the contrary, the amount of the
Commitment is reduced to 4,000,000, and the amount of the Commitment set forth opposite the
Lender s signature to the Credit Agreement is amended to equal 4,000,000.

1.3 Notwithstanding anything in Credit Agreement to the contrary, all Loans shall be
Alternate Base Rate Loans.

ARTICLE 2. 
 REPRESENTATIONS 

The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lender that:

2.1 The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment are within its powers,
have been duly authorized and are not in contravention with any law, of the terms of any
articles or certificate of organization, operating or other management agreement or other organizational
documents of the Borrower, or any undertaking to which it is a party or by which it is bound.

2.2 This Amendment is the legal, valid and binding obligation of it, and, when
executed by the Lender, enforceable against it in accordance with the terms hereof.

2.3 After giving effect to the amendments herein contained, the representations and
warranties contained in the Credit Agreement (including without limitation Section 5.10 and
all other representations in Article V of the Credit Agreement) and in the other Loan Documents are true
on and as of the date hereof with the same force and effect as if made on and as of the date hereof.

2.4 No Default or Unmatured Default exists or has occurred and is continuing on the
date hereof.

ARTICLE 3. 
 CONDITIONS OF EFFECTIVENESS 

This Amendment become effective as of the date hereof when each of the following has been
satisfied:

3.1 This Amendment shall be signed by the Borrower and the Lender;

3.2 Each party to the Consent and Agreement at the end of this Amendment shall
have executed such Consent and Agreement; and

3.3 Board of director resolutions of the Borrower approving this Amendment and in
form and substance acceptable to the Lender shall have been delivered to the Lender.

ARTICLE 4. 
 MISCELLANEOUS 

4.1 References in the Credit Agreement or in any other Loan Document to the Credit
Agreement shall be references to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby and as further amended
from time to time.

4.2 Except as expressly amended hereby, the Borrower agrees that the Credit
Agreement and all other Loan Documents are ratified and confirmed and shall remain in full
force and

2 

effect and that it has no set off, counterclaim, defense or other claim or dispute with respect to
any of the foregoing. Terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings
ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement.

4.3 This Amendment may be signed upon any number of counterparts with the same effect as if
the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Without limiting the definition of
Loan Documents, this Amendment and all other amendments to the Credit Agreement are Loan Documents.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties signing this Amendment have caused this Amendment to be
executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.

ORIGEN FINANCIAL L.L.C. 

By: 
 /s/ W. Anderson Geater, Jr.

Print Name: 
 W. Anderson Geater, Jr. 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 

By: 

 /s/ Timothy E. Rettberg

Print Name: 
 Timothy E. Rettberg 

Title: 
 Vice President 

3 

CONSENT AND AGREEMENT 

As of the date and year first above written, each of the undersigned hereby:

(a) fully consents to the terms and provisions of the above Amendment and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and agrees to all terms and provisions of
the above Amendment applicable to it;

(b) agrees that its Guaranty, Subordination Agreement and all other Loan
Documents to which it is a party are hereby ratified and confirmed and shall remain in full
force and effect, and the undersigned acknowledges that it has no setoff, counterclaim, defense or other
claim or dispute with respect thereto;

(c) acknowledges that its consent and agreement hereto is a condition to the Lender s
obligation under this Amendment and it is in its interest and to its financial benefit to
execute this consent and agreement;

(d) the execution, delivery and performance of this Consent and Agreement is within
its powers, has been duly authorized and is not in contravention with any law, of the terms of
its Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws or partnership agreement, as the case may be, or any
undertaking to which it is a party or by which it is bound; and

(e) this consent and Agreement is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the
undersigned, enforceable against it in accordance with the terms hereof.

ORIGEN FINANCIAL, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ W. Anderson Geater, Jr.

Print Name: 
 W. Anderson Geater, Jr. 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

ORIGEN SERVICING, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ W. Anderson Geater, Jr.

Print Name: 
 W. Anderson Geater, Jr. 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

4 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 k13177exv21w1.htm
 LIST OF ORIGEN FINANCIAL, INC'S SUBSIDIARIES

exv21w1 

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF ORIGEN FINANCIAL, INC.

Origen Financial L.L.C. (Delaware)

In Texas, d/b/a Origen Manufactured Home Financial, L.L.C.

Origen Servicing, Inc. (Delaware)

Origen Manufactured Home Financial, L.L.C. (Delaware)

Origen Securitization Company, L.L.C. (Delaware)

Origen Special Purpose II, L.L.C. (Delaware)

Origen Financial of South Dakota, L.L.C. (Delaware)

Origen Credit L.L.C. (Delaware)

Origen MH Contract Company, L.L.C. (Delaware)

OF Insurance Agency, Inc. (Louisiana)

Origen Insurance Agency, L.L.C. (Virginia)

Origen Residential Securities, Inc. (Delaware)

Origen Financial of Puerto Rico, L.L.C (Delaware)

Origen CMO Residential Holding Company, L.L.C (Delaware)

Origen Special Holdings Corporation (Delaware)

Origen Special Purpose Manager, Inc. (Delaware)

Origen Asset-Backed Note Trust (Delaware)

Origen Manufactured Housing Contract Trust 2004-A (Delaware)

Origen Manufactured Housing Contract Trust 2004-B (Delaware)

Origen Manufactured Housing Contract Trust 2005-A (Delaware)

Origen Manufactured Housing Contract Trust 2005-B (Delaware)

Origen Manufactured Housing Contract Trust 2006-A (Delaware)

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 k13177exv23w1.htm
 CONSENT OF GRANT THORNTON LLP

exv23w1 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We have issued our reports dated March 15, 2007, accompanying the consolidated financial statements
and management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
included in the Annual Report of Origen Financial, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2006. We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration
Statements of Origen Financial, Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-127931), effective September 14,
2005, Form S-11 (File No. 333-112520), effective May 25, 2005 and on Form S-8 (File No.
333-121279), effective December 15, 2004.

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP

Southfield, Michigan 

March 15, 2007 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 k13177exv31w1.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

exv31w1 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 
(As Adopted Under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)

I, Ronald A. Klein, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Origen Financial, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 15, 2007

/s/ Ronald A. Klein

Ronald A. Klein, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 k13177exv31w2.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

exv31w2 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 
(As Adopted Under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)

I, W. Anderson Geater, Jr., certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Origen Financial, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 15, 2007

/s/ W. Anderson Geater, Jr.

W. Anderson Geater, Jr., Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 k13177exv32w1.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

exv32w1 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
(Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)

In connection with the Annual Report of Origen Financial, Inc., (the Corporation on Form 10-K
for the period ended December 31, 2006 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officers, Ronald A. Klein and W. Anderson Geater, Jr.,
hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to their knowledge:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and result of operations of the Corporation.

/s/ Ronald A. Klein

Dated: March 15, 2007 

Ronald A. Klein, Chief Executive Officer

/s/ W. Anderson Geater, Jr.

Dated: March 15, 2007 

W. Anderson Geater, Jr., Chief Financial Officer

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Origen
Financial, Inc. and will be retained by Origen Financial, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.1>

