<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20071002_10-K_edgar_data_826773_0001144204-07-052222.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2476303</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>228359</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>83953</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1691937</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-07-052222.hdr.sgml : 20071002
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20071001175806
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-07-052222
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20070630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20071002
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20071001

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BERLINER COMMUNICATIONS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000826773
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS [4812]
		IRS NUMBER:				752233445
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28579
		FILM NUMBER:		071147139

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 BUSHES LANE
		CITY:			ELMWOOD PARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07407
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201.791.3200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 BUSHES LANE
		CITY:			ELMWOOD PARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07407

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NOVO NETWORKS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EVENTURES GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990902

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ADINA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 LsbB4rZaUhYfGsBiGY27HPXpsOBUsbYWy/Wv1OFUEAkUNFLXBVGLwTzzWtTvLDvy
 Ig4Cg/Qiyir2Jit/mk6IjA==

 0001144204-07-052222.txt : 20071002

10-K
 1
 v088879_10-k.htm

Unassociated Document

UNITED
 STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
 D.C. 20549 

 ________________________ 

FORM
 10-K 

x 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
 ACT OF
 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

o 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
 ACT OF
 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD __________ TO
 __________ 

Commission
 File Number 0-28579 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 

 (Exact
 Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

DELAWARE 

75-2233445 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 

 Incorporation
 or Organization) 

(I.R.S.
 Employer 

 Identification
 No.) 

20
 BUSHES LANE 

 ELMWOOD
 PARK, NEW JERSEY 07407 

 (Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 

201.791.3200 

 (Registrant s
 Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities
 Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 NONE 

Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered: 

 NONE 

Securities
 Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 COMMON
 STOCK, PAR VALUE 0.00002 PER SHARE 

 (Title
 of
 Class) 

 Indicate
 by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined
 in
 Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 
 No x 

Indicate
 by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant
 to
 Section 13 or Section15(d) of the Act. Yes o No x 

Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required
 to be
 filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 

 Act
 of
 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
 registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to
 such
 filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o 

Indicate
 by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of
 Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
 best
 of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
 incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
 to this
 Form 10-K. o 

Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
 accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of accelerated
 filer and large accelerated filer in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large
 accelerated filer o 

Accelerated
 filer o 

Non-accelerated
 filer x 

Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No
 x 

The
 aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by
 non-affiliates of the registrant based on the last reported sale price on
 December 31, 2006, was approximately 1,784,000. 

As
 of
 September 27, 2007, 17,081,786 shares of the registrant s common stock, par
 value 0.00002, were outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
 INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

PART
 III
 -- Incorporated by reference to the registrant s proxy statement to be mailed or
 sent to securities holders on or about October 29, 2007. 

TABLE
 OF
 CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART
 I 

ITEM
 1. 

Business 

3 

ITEM
 1A. 

Risk
 Factors 

10 

ITEM
 2. 

Properties 

17 

ITEM
 3. 

Legal
 Proceedings 

17 

ITEM
 4. 

Submission
 of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

18 

PART
 II 

ITEM
 5. 

Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
 Purchases of Equity Securities 

19 

ITEM
 6. 

Selected
 Financial Data 

21 

ITEM
 7. 

Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operation 

22 

ITEM
 7A. 

Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

32 

ITEM
 8. 

Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 

32 

ITEM
 9. 

Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
 Disclosure 

32 

ITEM
 9A. 

Controls
 and Procedures 

32 

PART
 III 

ITEM
 10. 

Directors
 and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

33 

ITEM
 11. 

Executive
 Compensation 

33 

ITEM
 12. 

Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
 Stockholder Matters 

33 

ITEM
 13. 

Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions 

33 

ITEM
 14. 

Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 

33 

PART
 IV 

ITEM
 15. 

Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 

33 

SIGNATURES 

34 

EXHIBIT
 INDEX 

35 

2 

PART
 I 

ITEM
 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 

Cautionary
 Statement for the Purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private
 Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 

Certain
 information included in this Report on Form 10-K and in other reports, SEC
 filings, statements and presentations is forward-looking within the meaning
 of
 the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not
 limited
 to, statements concerning our anticipated operating results, financial
 resources, growth and expansion and the ability to retain key customers and
 obtain new contracts. Such forward-looking information involves important
 risks
 and uncertainties that could significantly affect actual results and cause
 them
 to differ materially from expectations expressed herein and in other reports,
 SEC filings, statements and presentations. Therefore, this Report should
 only be
 read in context with the disclosures under Forward-Looking Statements and
 Risk Factors on Page 30, and 10, respectively. 

General 

Berliner
 Communications, Inc. was originally incorporated in Delaware in 1987 as Adina,
 Inc. Adina s corporate existence was permitted to lapse in February of 1996 and
 was subsequently reinstated as eVentures Group, Inc., in August of 1999.
 In
 December of 2000, eVentures changed its name to Novo Networks, Inc.
 Novo ). 

On
 February 18, 2005, Novo entered into an asset purchase agreement with the
 former
 Berliner Communications, Inc., currently named Old Berliner, Inc. Old
 Berliner and BCI Communications, Inc. BCI ), a Delaware corporation and
 Novo s wholly-owned subsidiary, whereby BCI acquired (the Acquisition the
 operations and substantially all of the assets and liabilities of Old Berliner.
 On September 16, 2005, Novo changed its name to Berliner Communications,
 Inc.
 Berliner ). Berliner is now the public reporting entity, and all of our
 operations are run out of Berliner s wholly-owned subsidiary, BCI. Unless the
 context otherwise requires, references to we , us , our and the Company 
refer to Berliner and its consolidated subsidiary BCI. 

Prior
 to
 the Acquisition, Old Berliner provided wireless carriers with comprehensive
 real
 estate site acquisition, construction and zoning services. Old Berliner was
 founded in 1995, and over the course of the following years, its service
 offerings were expanded to include radio frequency and network design and
 engineering, infrastructure equipment construction and installation, radio
 transmission base station modification and project management services. With
 the
 consummation of the Acquisition, BCI carried on the operations of Old
 Berliner. 

On
 February 28, 2007, BCI entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Digital
 Communication Services, Inc. Digitcom and its affiliates for the purchase of
 certain of its assets in Arlington, Texas. This acquisition has expanded
 and
 strengthened our presence in Texas and the Southeast region. On April 16,
 2007,
 we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Radian Communication Services,
 Inc. Radian to purchase certain of the U.S. assets and operations of Radian
 and assume certain liabilities of Radian. This acquisition has expanded our
 presence in Los Angeles, California, Las Vegas, Nevada, and Seattle, Washington,
 and adds offices in Salem, Oregon, Tempe, Arizona and Salt Lake City, Utah.
 We
 have been pleased with the success of the integration of both Digitcom and
 Radian into our existing organization, and with the high quality of the
 employees that came over to us through these transactions. These acquisitions
 have expanded our customer base and we believe these acquisitions will improve
 our overall financial profile going forward. 

With
 the
 consummation of these acquisitions, BCI is now a leading self-performing,
 full
 service vendor to the wireless communications industry, providing a wide
 range
 of services, on a nationwide basis. Our core activities include real estate
 site
 acquisition and zoning; infrastructure equipment construction and installation;
 network services; radio frequency and network design and engineering; radio
 transmission base station installation and modification; and in-building
 network
 design, engineering and construction. We provide some combination of these
 services to our customers, most of which are companies in the wireless
 telecommunications and/or data transmission industries, as well as to utility
 companies and government entities. Our customers rely on us to assist them
 in
 planning, site location and leasing of space for wireless communication
 transmission systems. 

3 

An
 Overview of Our Markets and Products 

We
 currently report our financial results on the basis of two reportable segments:
 (1) infrastructure construction and technical services and (2) real estate
 acquisition and zoning. Our infrastructure construction and technical services
 segment consists of the following service lines: infrastructure equipment
 construction and installation, radio frequency and network design and
 engineering, radio transmission base station modification, in-building network
 design, engineering and construction, project management and specialty
 communication services. Our real estate acquisition and zoning segment stands
 as
 a separate service line. Each of these lines, as well as the business of
 our
 real estate acquisition and zoning segment, is described below. 

Infrastructure
 Equipment Construction and Installation .
 Infrastructure equipment construction and installation services are the key
 drivers of our business, and the majority of our revenue comes from this
 service
 offering. The quality of the installation work in a wireless telecommunications
 system build-out is one of the most critical aspects of its performance.
 Once
 the necessary site acquisition steps have been completed, materials to construct
 a tower are ordered from a fabricator, or in some cases, equipment and materials
 are ordered to modify an existing site. Depending on our customers needs, we
 could be involved in all aspects of site acquisition, construction and
 installation. Installation could involve clearing sites, laying foundations,
 bringing in utility lines and installing shelters and towers. Once we finish
 this part of the process, we install equipment and landscape the site. The
 site
 is now ready to be put into service once the remainder of the network is
 completed. Installation may start once the preliminary work has been completed
 and the individual cell site or switch location is ready to be built. Every
 site is then tested with a simulation to see what levels of line loss exist
 and
 how the transmission systems perform. We manage everything from one-off 
projects involving a single site to long-range installation projects, possibly
 involving several hundred sites. These large projects involve significant
 planning and project management skills that we believe distinguish us from
 many
 of our competitors, particularly our smaller competitors. 

Radio
 Frequency and Network Design and Engineering. Toward
 the end of the 1990 s, we saw that our industry was undergoing additional
 changes and took the opportunity to enter yet another service area.
 Specifically, we noticed that companies in the wireless industry were reducing
 their engineering services staff in order to cut internal costs, but were
 still
 in need of such services. In response, we added radio frequency and network
 design and engineering services to our portfolio. Wireless network designs
 are
 based on projected subscriber density, traffic demand and desired coverage
 area.
 The initial system design is intended to optimize available radio frequency
 and
 to result in the highest possible signal quality for the greatest portion
 of
 projected subscriber usage base within existing technical constraints. Based
 on
 such initial guidelines, we identify and rank potential sites. This process
 is
 known as identifying search rings. 

Radio
 Transmission Base Station Modification. We
 currently perform cellular base station upgrades and modifications for wireless
 telecommunications carriers. This work involves upgrades to existing hardware
 as
 well as adding new hardware such as radios, duplexers, power systems and
 site
 controllers, and is essential for enhancing network capacity and paving the
 way
 to the deployment of third generation, or 3G, and fourth generation, or 4G,
 systems. In order to minimize the impact on existing wireless customers,
 most of
 the upgrade or modification work must be performed at night during a so-called
 maintenance window between the hours of 11:00 PM and 5:00 AM. Carriers
 generally entrust this kind of work only to trained, capable vendors, such
 as
 BCI, who can reliably and successfully complete the work at each site during
 such timeframes. 

In-Building
 Network Design, Engineering and Construction. We
 offer
 complete in-building solutions that involve distributed antennae for wireless
 coverage in malls, shopping centers, casinos, office buildings and airports
 and
 may include voice services (using cellular or personal communications services
 PCS and wireless private branch exchange PBX technologies), data
 services (including 802.11 (2.4 and 5 GHz)), enhanced coverage for safety
 spectrum (police, fire and rescue) and wireless primary and secondary broadband
 backbones, synchronous optical networks SONETs and campus
 connections. 

Project
 Management. We
 also
 supervise all of the efforts associated with a project, whether it involves
 one
 or more of the foregoing services or a turn-key solution, so the carrier can
 ultimately broadcast from the newly configured site. Project management includes
 vendor management, project planning and preparation, budget tracking, and
 engineering and construction coordination. A single project may involve
 thousands of individual sites, and we believe our ability to manage projects
 of
 this size and complexity distinguishes us from some of our competitors who
 do
 not have the experience or resources that we do in this area. 

4 

Specialty
 Communication Services. Our
 newly
 acquired specialty communication services division provides enhancements
 to
 existing wireless and wired telephone and computer networks designed to improve
 productivity for a specified application by transmitting data, voice or video
 information in situations where land line networks are non-existent, more
 difficult to deploy or too expensive. We believe this business presents a
 significant growth opportunity for us, and we intend to grow this aspect
 of our
 business during fiscal 2008. 

Configured
 Solutions. 
 In early
 fiscal 2008, we introduced a configured solutions service offering, designed
 to
 supplement our other business lines by providing logistics services to our
 customers and to other third parties that may not have the facilities, resources
 or capabilities that we do. These services will include transportation,
 tracking, storing and delivering of equipment, and configuring and testing
 equipment at our locations. Our diverse geographic locations provide an
 excellent platform for these services, and we have the expertise in-house
 for
 the testing and configuration work. We believe this will provide an additional
 source of revenue, allow us to further utilize existing resources and facilities
 and provide yet another service that our customers need and not all of our
 competitors can offer. 

Real
 Estate Site Acquisition and Zoning. We
 began
 our business providing primarily real estate site acquisition services that
 generally involve acting as an intermediary between telecommunications companies
 and owners of real estate and other facilities. In order to build and expand
 their networks, such companies require locations that have direct access
 to
 highways and roads to mount their antennas and equipment. The telecommunications
 companies are typically able and willing to pay fees for the rights to place
 their equipment in such strategic locations. Facility owners are generally
 eager
 to earn additional income from their properties. We generate fees by introducing
 telecommunications companies and real estate managers. We identify appropriate
 properties, negotiate the transactions and handle the administrative details.
 We
 also use our accumulated knowledge and relationships to assist in the planning
 and installation of the telecommunication facilities, and offer customers
 assistance in acquiring the necessary permits, entitlements and approvals
 that
 are required by various municipalities. We also prepare all zoning applications
 that may be needed, attend any necessary hearings and obtain any required
 land
 use permits to begin installation. Project management includes vendor
 management, project preparation and engineering and construction coordination.

Industry
 Background 

Wireless
 Telecommunications Networks 

Wireless
 telecommunications networks are built using radio-based systems that allow
 a
 telephone or data terminal to communicate without a metallic or optical cord
 or
 wire equipment. The life cycle of a wireless network continually evolves
 and
 consists of several phases, including strategic planning, design, deployment,
 expansion, operations and maintenance. During the strategic planning phase,
 operators pursue the licenses necessary to build out a wireless system and
 make
 decisions about the type of technology and equipment to be used, where it
 will
 be located and how it will be configured. Technical planning and preliminary
 engineering designs are often required to decide on a deployment strategy
 and
 determine construction costs and the revenue generating ability of the wireless
 system. 

Following
 acceptance of a wireless network design, access to land or building rooftops
 must be secured for towers or telecommunications equipment, including radio
 base
 stations, antennae and supporting electronics. Each site must be qualified
 in a
 number of areas, including zoning ordinance requirements, regulatory compliance
 and suitability for construction. Detailed site location designs are prepared
 and radio frequency engineers review interference to or from co-located
 antennae. Construction and equipment installation then must be performed
 and
 site performance is measured after completion of construction. Finally,
 professional technicians install and commission the new radio equipment,
 test
 it, integrate it with existing networks and tune the components to optimize
 performance. 

Once
 a
 wireless network becomes operational and the number of subscribers increases,
 the system must be expanded to increase system coverage and capacity. In
 addition, the wireless system must be continually updated and optimized to
 address changes in traffic patterns and interference from neighboring or
 competing networks or other radio sources. Operations and maintenance also
 involves tuning the network to enable operators to compete more effectively
 in
 areas where there are multiple system operators. 

5 

Finally,
 as new technologies are continuously developed, wireless service providers
 must
 determine whether to upgrade their existing networks or deploy new networks
 utilizing the latest available technologies. Overlaying new technologies,
 such
 as late second generation, third generation and fourth generation 2.5G , 3G 
and 4G, respectively), onto an existing network or deploying a new network
 requires operators to reengage in the strategic planning, design, deployment,
 expansion, operations and maintenance phases of a new cycle in the life of
 an
 existing or new network. Our primary business today is modifying existing
 sites
 by overlaying new technologies, as well as developing new sites for wireless
 carriers and others. 

Growth
 and Evolution of the Wireless Telecommunications Industry 

Worldwide
 use of wireless telecommunications has grown rapidly as cellular and other
 emerging wireless communications services have become more widely available
 and
 affordable for the mass business and consumer markets. The rapid growth in
 wireless telecommunications is driven by the dramatic increase in wireless
 telephone usage, as well as strong demand for wireless Internet and other
 data
 services. According to the Cellular Telecommunications and Internet Association,
 there were approximately 233 million wireless subscribers in the United States
 in 2006, an increase of 2 over the prior year that accounted for approximately
 127 billion wireless service revenue, an increase of 10 from the prior
 year. 

Wireless
 access to the Internet is in an early stage of development and growing rapidly
 as web-enabled devices become more accessible. Demand for wireless Internet
 access and other data services is accelerating the adoption of new technologies,
 such as those embodied in 3G and 4G, to enable wireless networks to deliver
 enhanced data capabilities. Examples of wireless data services include e-mail,
 messaging services, Wi-Fi, WiMax, music on-demand, m-banking, locations-based
 services and interactive games. Recently, one of our major customers, Sprint,
 has announced its commitment to developing a WiMax network. We believe that
 as
 new technologies are introduced, network upgrades will become necessary,
 and we
 will be well-positioned to assist our customers with the required upgrade
 work
 as we have the technical expertise, experience and capabilities to handle
 this
 work on a large scale, on a nation-wide basis. 

Industry
 Challenges 

During
 the past several years, the major wireless carriers began evaluating their
 costs
 for engineering and constructing wireless sites and, as a result, those expenses
 became an important issue. At that time, several well-funded private and
 public
 firms entered the industry as high-level general contractors. These larger
 companies, sometimes referred to as consolidators , include such companies as
 Bechtel Corporation and General Dynamics Corporation. These and other similarly
 situated companies put themselves between the larger wireless service providers,
 like Sprint, Nextel, AT T Wireless Services, Inc., Cingular Wireless
 Services, Inc., and T-Mobile USA, Inc., and their former contractors, such
 as
 us, by negotiating flat rate pricing. Many contracting firms entered into
 agreements with limited knowledge of the actual cost to complete the work,
 resulting in many lower than market bids. As a result, many smaller
 subcontractors could not compete at such reduced margins. During 2004, the
 wireless carriers also significantly reduced the number of sites they were
 going
 to build. These factors contributed to industry attrition in the equipment
 construction and installation sector. They also had a severe negative effect
 on
 the profitability of companies such as ours. Today, we have the size, scope
 and
 resources to establish direct-to-carrier relationships. In addition, carriers
 are contracting with original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, such as
 Ericsson, Nokia and Motorola, to perform installation services, and we have
 been
 working directly with these OEMs to assist with these installation
 projects. 

Position
 in Industry 

We
 believe that the large wireless carriers have not been entirely satisfied
 with
 their experience with some of the large contracting or project management
 firms,
 and that this dissatisfaction created an opportunity for full service,
 self-performing firms, such as BCI, with the ability to handle significant
 volume, to take over a portion of the work currently being performed by such
 firms. Now that we have become what is known as a tier one service provider,
 we now receive purchase orders directly from the end user customer, the wireless
 carriers. This situation enhances our profitability by removing a layer of
 costs
 from our projects. We expect to continue to benefit from new developments
 in
 wireless technology and additional consolidation in the telecommunications
 industry. 

6 

Key
 Drivers of Change in Our Business 

The
 key
 drivers of change in the wireless telecommunications industry have
 been: 

the
 issuance of new or additional licenses to wireless service
 providers; 

the
 introduction of new services or technologies; 

the
 increase in the number of subscribers served by wireless service
 providers; 

the
 increasing complexity of wireless systems in operation; 

the
 current consolidation in the telecommunications sector; and 

the
 increase in spending to rebuild and improve other communications networks,
 such
 as Public Safety Networks. 

Each
 of
 these key drivers is discussed below: 

The
 issuance of new or additional licenses to wireless service
 providers. 
 The
 Federal Communications Commission, or FCC, has, and we expect it will continue
 to, issue new licenses to wireless service providers that we believe will
 present new opportunities for us. For example, the FCC is set to auction
 a
 significant number of licenses in the 700 MHz spectrum in January 2008. This
 introduction of new licenses allows new entrants into the industry who will
 need
 to develop new networks. After receiving new or additional licenses necessary
 to
 build out their wireless systems, wireless service providers must make decisions
 about what type of technology and equipment will be used, where it will be
 deployed and how it will be configured. In addition, detailed site location
 designs must be prepared and radio frequency engineers must review interference
 to or from co-located antennae. Construction and equipment installation must
 then be performed and professional technicians must install and commission
 the
 new radio equipment, test and integrate it with existing networks and tune
 the
 components to optimize performance. We believe we are well positioned to
 service
 these needs. 

The
 introduction of new services or technologies. Although
 wireless service providers traditionally have relied upon their internal
 engineering workforces to address a significant portion of their wireless
 network needs, the rapid introduction of new services or technologies in
 the
 wireless market and the need to reduce operating costs in many cases have
 resulted in wireless service providers and equipment vendors focusing on
 their
 core competencies. As a result, wireless service providers are outsourcing
 an
 increasing portion of their network services development work to companies
 such
 as ours. For example, the FCC, in November of 2003, began requiring wireless
 service providers to provide local number portability, or LNP, to customers,
 which makes it easier for consumers to switch wireless service providers
 by
 giving consumers the ability to do so without changing their phone numbers.
 LNP
 increases the complexity of call processing, number administration, service
 assurance and network operations. We believe that nearly every United
 States-based wireless service provider has been and will continue upgrading
 its
 network in order to mitigate the potential for customer termination, or churn,
 as a result of the implementation of LNP. Such efforts involve providing
 both
 additional network capacity and expanded geographic coverage to address wireless
 customers perceptions of network quality, and therefore, wireless service
 providers have retained firms such as ours that can supplement or replace
 their
 internal resources and assist with this network development and
 enhancement. 

The
 increase in the number of wireless subscribers served by
 wireless providers.
 The
 increase in the number of subscribers served by wireless service providers,
 with
 the concomitant increase in usage by those subscribers and scarcity of wireless
 spectrum, require such carriers to expand and optimize system coverage and
 capacity to maintain network quality. The wireless system also must be
 continually updated and optimized to address changes in traffic patterns
 and
 interference from neighboring or competing networks or other radio
 sources. 

The
 increasing complexity of wireless systems in operation. As
 new
 technologies are developed, wireless service providers must determine whether
 to
 upgrade their existing networks or deploy new networks utilizing the latest
 available technologies in order to maintain their market share. For example,
 overlaying new technologies, such as 3G and 4G, with an existing network
 or
 deploying a new network requires wireless service providers to reengage in
 the
 strategic planning, design, deployment, expansion, operations and maintenance
 phases of a new cycle in the life of an existing or new network. 

7 

The
 current consolidation in the telecommunications sector. In
 light
 of recent consolidation in the telecommunications sector, wireless service
 providers are faced with issues regarding the integration of separate
 telecommunications networks. This may provide us with the opportunity to
 provide
 services relating to performing network compatibility testing and resolving
 integration solutions. We provide significant modification work to existing
 networks besides the construction of new wireless sites. 

The
 increase in spending to rebuild and improve other
 communications networks,
 such as Public Safety Networks. 
 There has been and we believe there will continue to be increased spending
 on
 rebuilding and improving other communications networks, including wireless
 and wired data, video and voice networks, particularly those
 dedicated to public safety and homeland security communications. We
 currently service this growing market, and we plan on developing further
 expertise and adding resources to this area, specifically through the growth
 of
 our Specialty Communications Services division. 

Plan
 of Operation 

We
 believe it will be necessary to take the following steps within the next
 12
 months in order to meet our revenue goals and to achieve increased
 profitability: 

Increase
 Staffing .
 As a
 service provider, our potential for growth will be limited, notwithstanding
 an
 increased demand for our services, to the extent that we do not have the
 ability
 to hire and retain individuals with the requisite technical and field knowledge
 to provide such services. Because the services we offer are diverse and our
 geographic footprint has grown significantly during fiscal 2007, particularly
 in
 light of our acquisition of Radian, we may experience difficulty obtaining
 the
 appropriate level of staffing support at our various locations in a timely
 and
 cost-effective manner. In addition, we will need to attract new and retain
 our
 existing management teams to continue to effectively and efficiently run
 our
 operations as we grow internally and through acquisitions across the
 country. 

Increase
 Business Development Activities .
 We
 recognize the need to increase our focus on business development and customer
 retention. We anticipate achieving this result though a variety of means,
 including, without limitation, increased exposure at trade shows and
 customer-sponsored events. We will also seek to assemble a business development
 team dedicated entirely to our efforts in this area, which we expect will
 include diversification of our customer base. 

Increase
 Subcontractor Base. As
 we
 experience increased demand for our services, we will have to be flexible
 and
 utilize subcontractors in order to meet construction schedules to the extent
 we
 are unable to staff such jobs with existing staff. We have a robust
 qualification process for our subcontractors, and we believe our ability
 to
 locate and retain high quality, reliable subcontractors that meet our
 qualifications will be a significant part of our ability to achieve our growth
 goals. 

Increase
 Marketing Activities .
 Although we have achieved recognition in the wireless area, we believe that
 our
 typical customer may not be aware of our entire range of services. For example,
 one set of our customers may recognize us for our site acquisition and zoning
 or
 infrastructure equipment construction and installation services, without
 being
 aware that we also provide radio frequency and network design and engineering
 services. Accordingly, we have recognized a need to create and implement
 a
 marketing plan, quite possibly with the assistance of a professional marketing
 firm, with specific industry experience, to market us as a provider of the
 full
 range of wireless services. Our integrated service package might be of interest,
 not only to potential customers looking for complete turn-key solutions, but
 also clients who are more interested in an a la carte approach to their
 wireless needs. 

Continue
 to Seek Strategic Acquisitions and Integrate Recent
 Acquisitions .
 We will
 continue to look for acquisitions of compatible businesses that can be
 assimilated into our organization, expand our geographic coverage and add
 accretive earnings to our business. Our preferred acquisition candidates
 will
 have (i) service offerings that supplement, and not necessarily overlap with,
 our existing service offerings, (ii) an expansive customer base that will
 allow
 us to diversify our customer concentration, and (iii) a favorable financial
 profile. In Fiscal 2007, we acquired the assets and businesses of Digitcom
 and
 Radian, and these acquisitions have expanded our customer base, geographic
 presence, and our number of employees. Our ability to continue to successfully
 manage this growth and the integration of these companies will be material
 to
 our success in fiscal 2008. We fully expect these acquisitions to improve
 our
 overall financial profile. 

8 

Competition 

The
 telecommunications industry is highly competitive. Because we offer such
 a wide
 breadth of service offerings, it is difficult to identify our competitors,
 because there are many companies providing services similar to some aspect
 of
 what we do. However, we currently believe that our most significant competitors
 include Site Acquisition Consultants, SBA Communications, Inc., Broken Arrow,
 Inc., Wireless Facilities Inc., NSORO LLC, Goodman Networks Inc., Bechtel
 Corporation, and General Dynamics Corporation. Some of these competitors
 have
 greater capital resources, longer operating histories, larger customer bases,
 and more established industry relationships than we do. We attempt to
 distinguish ourselves from our competitors by being large enough to provide
 the
 resources our customers need on a nationwide, self-performing, basis, while
 still maintaining our ability to be responsive, on a local level, to customer
 specific tasks that arise during any given engagement for services. 

Government
 Regulation 

Although
 we are not directly subject to any FCC or similar government regulations,
 the
 wireless networks that we design, deploy and manage are subject to these
 requirements. Those requirements dictate that the networks meet certain radio
 frequency emission standards, not cause unallowable interference to other
 services, and in some cases, accept interference from other services. Those
 networks are also subject to certain state and local government regulations
 and
 requirements. 

Major
 Suppliers and Vendors 

Historically,
 we have relied upon our own employees and subcontractors to perform services
 in
 order to fulfill our contractual obligations. Currently, the costs attributable
 to subcontractors represent approximately 65 of our cost of revenues. Over
 40 
 of our subcontractor costs relate to fees paid to electrical and architectural
 and engineering A E firms, as we do not hold electrical or A E
 licenses in any of the jurisdictions where we operate. We do not rely on
 any one
 subcontractor, and we utilize subcontractors that meet our qualification
 standards, timeframes and the contractual requirements of our customers.

Major
 Customers 

As
 of and
 for the year ended June 30, 2007, we derived 87 of our total revenues from
 our
 two largest customers, and those customers represented 77 of our accounts
 receivable. Of those customers, both of them individually represented greater
 than 5 of net revenues, and one of them represented greater than 10 of
 net
 revenues for the period. During the year ended June 30, 2007, Sprint Nextel
 Corporation represented 80 and T-Mobile USA, Inc. represented 7 . 

As
 of and
 for the year ended June 30, 2006, we had four customers that collectively
 represented approximately 83 of our net revenues and 83 of our accounts
 receivable. Of those customers, all of them individually represented greater
 than 5 of net revenues, and three of them represented greater than 10 of
 net
 revenues for the period. During the year ended June 30, 2006, Sprint Nextel
 Corporation represented 43 , T-Mobile USA, Inc. represented 20 , General
 Dynamics Corporation represented 12 and Metro PCS Communications, Inc.
 represented 8 of net revenues. 

Seasonality

Incidents
 of inclement weather, particularly in the winter months, hinder our ability
 to
 complete certain outdoor activities relating to the provision of our services.
 Demand for our services is typically higher in the last few months of the
 calendar year, due primarily to acceleration of most customers capital
 expenditures for completing year-end projects, with a corresponding decrease
 in
 activity during the first few months of the following calendar year, typically
 because customers are evaluating their plans for such capital expenditures
 for
 the coming year during that period. 

9 

Backlog 

As
 of
 June 30, 2007 and 2006, our backlog was approximately 30.9
 million 16.9 million in infrastructure construction and technical services
 and
 14.0 million in real estate acquisition and zoning) and 9.5 million,
 respectively. We currently anticipate completing those backlog orders by
 December 31, 2007 . 

Employees 

As
 of
 June 30, 2007, we employed 330 full-time and 3 part-time employees. We
 anticipate the need to increase our work force as additional contracts for
 projects are received. None of our employees are represented by labor unions.

ITEM
 1A. 
 
 RISK
 FACTORS 

Although
 we have had net income in prior
 periods, we have experienced losses in the past and we may never achieve
 sustained profitability. 

Although
 we had net income during the years ended June 30, 2007 and 2006, we may not
 be
 profitable in future periods, either on a short or long-term basis. Prior
 to the
 year ended June 30, 2006, Old Berliner had historically incurred net losses.
 Old
 Berliner incurred a net loss of approximately 1.2 million for the six months
 ended June 30, 2005 and 836 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2004.
 We
 can provide no assurances that losses will not recur in the future or that
 we
 will ever sustain profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. To the extent
 that revenue declines or does not grow at anticipated rates, increases in
 operating expenses precede or are not subsequently followed by commensurate
 increases in revenue or we are unable to adjust operating expense levels
 accordingly, your investment could be jeopardized. 

We
 generate a substantial portion of our revenue from a limited number
 of customers,
 and if our relationships with such customers were harmed,
 our business
 would suffer. 

As
 of and
 for the year ended June 30, 2007, we derived 87 of our total revenues from
 our
 two largest customers, and those customers represented 77 of our accounts
 receivable. Of those customers, both of them individually represented greater
 than 5 of net revenues, and one of them represented greater than 10 of
 net
 revenues for the period. During the year ended June 30, 2007, Sprint Nextel
 Corporation represented 80 and T-Mobile USA, Inc. represented 7 . 

As
 of and
 for the year ended June 30, 2006, we had four customers that collectively
 represented approximately 83 of our net revenues and 83 of our accounts
 receivable. Of those customers, all of them individually represented greater
 than 5 of net revenues, and three of them represented greater than 10 of
 net
 revenues for the period. During the year ended June 30, 2006, Sprint Nextel
 Corporation represented 43 , T-Mobile USA, Inc. represented 20 , General
 Dynamics Corporation represented 12 and Metro PCS Communications, Inc.
 represented 8 of net revenues. 

We
 believe that a limited number of clients will continue to be the source of
 a
 substantial portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. Key factors
 in
 maintaining our relationships with such customers include, without limitation,
 our performance on individual contracts and the strength of our professional
 reputation. To the extent that our performance does not meet client
 expectations, or our reputation or relationships with one or more key customers
 are impaired, this could cause a significant decrease in our revenue, which
 would negatively impact our ability to generate income. In addition, our
 key
 customers could slow or stop spending on initiatives related to projects
 we are
 performing for them, and this, while outside our control, could materially
 impair our operating results. 

10 

Our
 recent rapid growth has created challenges for our management, systems and
 resources, and this may impact our ability to effectively manage future growth,
 if any, as a result. 

We
 have
 grown rapidly during fiscal 2007. In early calendar 2007, we acquired three
 new
 businesses which have significantly expanded our operations, increased our
 number of employees, and extended our geographic footprint, and we are in
 the
 process of integrating these businesses into our existing operations. This
 rapid
 growth has placed a strain on our systems, processes, resources, management
 and
 other infrastructure and support mechanisms. We expect that any future growth
 may create additional challenges until such time as the integration of these
 acquisitions is more substantially complete. To manage the anticipated growth
 of
 our operations, we will be required to: 

improve
 existing and implement new operational, financial and management
 information controls, reporting systems and
 procedures; 

establish
 relationships with additional vendors, suppliers and strategic
 partners
 and maintain and expand our existing relationships;
 and 

hire,
 train, manage and retain additional personnel, especially qualified
 sales
 and marketing, business development and financial reporting
 personnel. 

To
 the
 extent we are unable to assemble the personnel, controls, systems, procedures
 and relationships necessary to manage our future growth, if any, management
 resources may be diverted and our opportunity for success limited. 

If
 we experience delays and or defaults in customer payments, we could
 be unable
 to cover all expenditures. 

Because
 of the nature of our contracts, at times we commit resources to projects
 prior
 to receiving payments from our customers in amounts sufficient to cover
 expenditures on client projects as they are incurred. Delays in customer
 payments may require us to make a working capital investment, or obtain advances
 from our line of credit. If a customer defaults in making its payments on
 a
 project or projects in which we have devoted significant resources, it could
 have a material negative effect on our results of operations or negatively
 impact our financial covenants with our lenders. 

If
 the percentage of our revenue derived from construction-related
 activities increases,
 our gross margins may suffer. 

We
 have
 historically earned lower relative gross margins on engineering and
 construction-related activities. We typically perform our own network
 design-related, site acquisition-related services and hire subcontractors
 to
 perform engineering and construction services under our direct management.
 Subcontracted work generally carries lower profit margins than self-performed
 work. If the proportion of construction-related services we deliver increases,
 then our gross margins and net income may suffer. 

Recent
 and continuing consolidations among wireless service providers
 may result
 in a significant reduction in our existing and potential customer
 base, and,
 if we are unable to maintain our existing relations with such providers
 or expand
 such relationships, we could have a significant decrease in our
 revenue, which
 would negatively impact our ability to generate income as well as
 result in
 lower profitability. 

The
 level
 of merger activity among telecommunications operators has increased markedly
 in
 the past three years and this trend is continuing. One of our customers,
 Sprint,
 has merged with Nextel. These consolidations have and will reduce the number
 of
 companies composing that portion of our customer base consisting of wireless
 service providers. To the extent that these combined companies decide to
 reduce
 the number of their service providers, our already highly competitive market
 environment will become more competitive, at least in the short term, as
 the
 same number of service providers will seek business from a reduced number
 of
 potential customers. Because we have historically derived a significant portion
 of our revenue in any given year from a limited number of customers, we may
 not
 be able to reduce costs in response to any decrease in our revenue. If we
 are
 unable to maintain our existing relations with these companies or expand
 such
 relationships, we could have a significant decrease in our revenue, which
 would
 negatively impact our ability to generate income. 

11 

We
 may need additional working capital, the lack of which would likely have
 a significant
 negative impact on our ability to grow our business. 

We
 may
 require additional working capital in order to fund the growth of our
 operations. If adequate funds are not available on terms acceptable to us,
 we
 may not be able to effectively grow our operations and expand our business.
 Our
 ability to fund our operations and corporate infrastructure is directly related
 to the continued availability of these and other funding sources. 

In
 order
 to grow our business, we may incur significant operating, borrowing and other
 costs. Should our operations require additional funding or our capital
 requirements exceed current estimates, we could be required to seek additional
 financing in the future. We can provide no assurances that we would be able
 to
 raise such financing when needed or on acceptable terms. As a result, we
 may be
 forced to reduce or delay additional expenditures or otherwise delay, curtail
 or
 discontinue some or all of our operations. Further, if we are able to access
 additional capital through borrowings, such debt would increase our debt
 obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial
 condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Our
 business is dependent upon our ability to keep pace with the
 latest technological
 changes. 

The
 market for our services is characterized by rapid change and technological
 improvements. Failure to respond in a timely and cost-effective way to these
 technological developments will result in serious harm to our business and
 operating results. We have derived, and we expect to continue to derive,
 a
 substantial portion of our revenue from creating wireless networks that are
 based upon today s leading technologies and that are capable of adapting to
 future technologies. As a result, our success will depend, in part, on our
 ability to develop and market service offerings that respond in a timely
 manner
 to the technological advances of our customers, evolving industry standards
 and
 changing client preferences. 

Our
 success is dependent on growth in the deployment of wireless networks
 and new
 technology upgrades, and to the extent that such growth slows, our
 business may
 be harmed. 

Telecommunications
 carriers are constantly re-evaluating their network deployment plans in response
 to trends in the capital markets, changing perceptions regarding industry
 growth, the adoption of new wireless technologies, increasing pricing
 competition for subscribers and general economic conditions in the United
 States
 and internationally. If the rate of network deployment slows and carriers
 reduce
 their capital investments in wireless infrastructure or fail to expand into
 new
 geographic areas, our business may be significantly harmed. 

The
 uncertainty associated with rapidly changing telecommunications technologies
 may
 also negatively impact the rate of deployment of wireless networks and the
 demand for our services. Telecommunications service providers face significant
 challenges in assessing consumer demand and in acceptance of rapidly changing
 enhanced telecommunications capabilities. If telecommunications service
 providers perceive that the rate of acceptance of next generation
 telecommunications products will grow more slowly than previously expected,
 they
 may, as a result, slow their development of next generation technologies.
 Moreover, increasing price competition for subscribers could adversely affect
 the profitability of carriers and limit their resources for network deployment.
 Any significant sustained slowdown will further reduce the demand for our
 services and adversely affect our financial results. 

Delays
 in the adoption and deployment of next generation wireless networks
 could negatively affect the demand for our services and our ability
 to grow
 our revenue. 

Wireless
 service providers may delay their development of next generation technology
 if,
 among other things, they expect slow growth in the adoption of such technology,
 reduced profitability due to price competition for subscribers or regulatory
 delays. For example, even though wireless service providers have made
 substantial investments worldwide in acquiring third generation, or 3G licenses,
 some providers have delayed deployment of 3G networks. Since we expect that
 a
 substantial portion of our growth will be derived from our services related
 to
 new technologies, further delays in the adoption and deployment of these
 technologies, such as 3G and fourth generation, or 4G, would negatively affect
 the demand for our services and our ability to grow our revenue. 

We
 bear the risk of cost overruns in some of our contracts. 

We
 conduct our business under various types of contractual arrangements .
 Under
 such contracts, prices are established, in part, on cost and scheduling
 estimates, which are based on a number of assumptions, including, without
 limitation, assumptions about future economic conditions, prices and
 availability of labor, equipment and materials, and other exigencies. If
 those
 estimates prove inaccurate, or circumstances change, cost overruns may occur,
 and we could experience reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for that
 project. 

12 

Our
 dependence on subcontractors and equipment manufacturers could
 adversely affect
 us. 

We
 rely
 on third-party subcontractors as well as third-party equipment manufacturers
 to
 complete our projects. To the extent that we cannot engage subcontractors
 or
 acquire equipment or materials, our ability to complete a project in a timely
 fashion or at a profit may be impaired. If the amount we are required to
 pay for
 these goods and services exceeds the amount we have estimated in bidding
 for
 fixed-price contracts, we could experience losses in the performance of these
 contracts. In addition, if a subcontractor or a manufacturer is unable to
 deliver its services, equipment or materials according to the negotiated
 terms
 for any reason, including the deterioration of its financial condition, we
 may
 be required to purchase the services, equipment or materials from another
 source
 at a higher price. This may reduce the profit to be realized or result in
 a loss
 on a project for which the services, equipment or materials were
 needed. 

If
 we guarantee the timely completion or performance standard of a project,
 we could
 incur significant, additional costs. 

In
 some
 instances, we guarantee to a customer that we will complete a project by
 a
 scheduled date. The contract sometimes provides that the project, when
 completed, will also achieve certain performance standards. If we subsequently
 fail to complete the project as scheduled, or if the project falls short
 of
 guaranteed performance standards, we may be held responsible for cost impacts
 to
 the client resulting from any delay or the costs to cause the project to
 achieve
 such performance standards. In some cases, where we fail to meet those
 performance standards, we may also be subject to agreed-upon liquidated damages.
 To the extent that these events occur, the total costs of the project could
 exceed its original estimates and we could experience reduced profits or,
 in
 some cases, a loss for that project. 

The
 nature of our engineering and construction business exposes us to
 potential liability
 claims and contract disputes that may negatively affect our
 results of
 operations. 

We
 engage
 in engineering and construction activities for wireless networks where design,
 construction or systems failures can result in substantial injury or damage
 to
 third parties. Any liability in excess of insurance limits at locations
 engineered or constructed by us could result in significant liability claims
 against us, which claims may negatively affect our results of operations,
 perhaps materially. In addition, if there is a customer dispute regarding
 our
 performance of project services, the customer may decide to delay or withhold
 payment to us. If we were ultimately unable to collect on these payments,
 our
 results of operations would be negatively impacted, perhaps
 materially. 

We
 maintain a workforce based upon current and anticipated workloads. If we
 do not
 receive future contract awards or if these awards are delayed, we may
 incur significant
 costs in meeting workforce demands. 

Our
 estimates of future performance depend on, among other matters, whether and
 when
 we will receive certain new contract awards. While our estimates are based
 upon
 our good faith judgment, they can be unreliable and may frequently change
 based
 on newly available information. In the case of our larger projects where
 timing
 is often uncertain, it is particularly difficult to project whether and when
 we
 will receive a contract award. The uncertainty of contract award timing can
 present difficulties in matching our workforce size with our contract needs.
 If
 an expected contract award is delayed or not received, we could incur costs
 resulting from reductions in staff or redundancy of facilities that would
 have
 the effect of negatively impacting our operating performance. 

We
 may not be able to hire or retain a sufficient number of qualified
 engineers and
 other employees to meet our contractual obligations or maintain the
 quality of
 our services. 

As
 a
 service business, our ultimate success depends significantly on our ability
 to
 attract, train and retain engineering, system deployment, managerial, marketing
 and sales personnel who have excellent technical and interpersonal skills.
 Competition for employees with the required range of skills fluctuates,
 depending on customer needs, and can be intense, particularly for radio
 frequency engineers. At times, we have had difficulty recruiting and retaining
 qualified technical personnel to properly and quickly staff large customer
 projects. In addition to recruitment difficulties, we must fully and properly
 train our employees according to our customers technology requirements and
 deploy and fully integrate each employee into our customers projects. Increased
 competition in the wireless industry is increasing the level of specific
 technical experience and training required to fulfill customer-staffing
 requirements. This process is costly and resource constraints may impede
 our
 ability to quickly and effectively train and deploy all of the personnel
 required to staff a large project. 

13 

Intense
 competition in the engineering and construction industry could
 reduce our
 market share. 

We
 serve
 markets that are highly competitive and in which a large number of multinational
 companies compete. In particular, the engineering and construction markets
 are
 highly competitive and require substantial resources and capital investment
 in
 equipment, technology and skilled personnel. Competition also places downward
 pressure on our contract prices and profit margins. Intense competition is
 expected to continue in these markets. If we are unable to meet these
 competitive challenges, we could lose market share to our competitors and
 experience an overall reduction in our operating performance. 

We
 are vulnerable to the cyclical nature of the market we
 serve. 

The
 demand for our services and products is dependent upon the existence of projects
 with engineering, procurement, construction and management needs. The
 telecommunications market, where we principally compete, is particularly
 cyclical in nature. Such industries have historically been and will continue
 to
 be vulnerable to general downturns and are cyclical in nature. As a result,
 our
 past results have varied considerably and our performance may continue to
 be
 volatile, depending upon the demand for future projects in the
 industry. 

We
 may experience significant fluctuations in our quarterly results as a
 result of
 uncertainties relating to our ability to generate additional revenue,
 manage expenditures
 and other factors, certain of which are outside of our
 control. 

Our
 operating results have varied considerably in the past, and may continue
 to do
 so, due to a number of factors. Many of these factors are outside our control
 and include, without limitation, the following: 

financing
 provided to potential customers; 

the
 commencement, progress, completion or termination of contracts
 during any
 particular quarter; 

the
 availability of equipment to deploy new technologies, such as 4G
 and
 broadband; 

the
 growth rate of wireless subscribers, which has a direct impact
 on the rate
 at which new cell sites are developed and built;
 and 

telecommunications
 market conditions and economic conditions generally.

Due
 to
 these factors, our results for a particular quarter, and therefore, our combined
 results for that same period, may not meet the expectations of investors,
 which
 could cause the price of our common stock to decline significantly. 

Our
 stock price is volatile and purchasers of our common stock could
 incur substantial
 losses. 

Historically,
 our stock price has been volatile. The stock market in general, and the market
 for telecommunications companies in particular, has experienced extreme
 volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of
 particular companies. As a result of this volatility, investors may not be
 able
 to sell their common stock at or above their respective purchase prices.
 The
 market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including,
 but not limited to, variations in our financial results or those of companies
 that are perceived to be similar to us, investors perceptions of us, the number
 of our shares available in the market, future sales of our common stock,
 and
 general economic, industry and market conditions. 

14 

There
 is a lack of a public market for our shares, which limits
 our shareholders
 ability to sell their shares. 

There
 is
 currently a limited public market for our shares, and we cannot assure you
 that
 a more active market for our stock will develop. Consequently, investors
 may not
 be able to liquidate their shares at a suitable price, or at all. 

We
 have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, long sales
 cycles, we
 expect to incur significant costs to generate new business and our
 customer base
 may not experience growth commensurate with such costs. 

Historically,
 purchases of our services by customers often entailed a lengthy decision-making
 process for the customer. Selecting wireless network deployment services
 involves substantial costs and has strategic implications. Senior management
 of
 the customer is often involved in this process, given the importance of the
 decision, as well as the risks faced by the customer if the services do not
 meet
 the customer s particular needs. We may expend substantial funds and effort to
 negotiate agreements for these services, but may ultimately be unable to
 consummate agreements for services and expand our customer base. As a result
 of
 lengthy sales cycles, we expect to continue to incur relatively high costs
 to
 generate new business. 

If
 we are unable to identify and complete future acquisitions, we may be
 unable to
 continue our growth. 

We
 may
 not be able to identify additional, attractive acquisition opportunities.
 Even
 if we identify favorable acquisition targets, there is no guarantee that
 we can
 acquire them on reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to complete
 attractive acquisitions, the growth that we have experienced over the last
 three
 fiscal years may decline. 

We
 may be subject to additional liability for state sales tax. 

In
 January 2007, we received an informal notice of assessment in the amount
 of 1.8
 million from a state tax authority, including unpaid sales taxes, penalties
 and
 interest for the years 1998 through 2004. We had previously recorded 175
 thousand in the year ended June 30, 2006 related to these potential taxes,
 and
 have increased our estimated reserve for the year ended June 30, 2007 to
 0.6
 million based on the notice from the taxing authority and our revised best
 estimate of the potential liability. Our best estimate may not be correct,
 and
 we could be required to pay the entire 1.8 million, with the possibility
 of
 additional penalties and interest, and also additional amounts for tax periods
 dating after 2004. If we owe any amounts over and above our estimate of 0.6
 million, we will revise our accrued liabilities, and increase our selling,
 general and administrative expenses in the period when we become aware of
 these
 additional amounts, and this could materially impact our results of operations
 for that period. 

We
 may not be able to register the shares of common stock issuable
 upon conversion
 of our 7 Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible Notes Due 2008
 and exercise
 of certain of our outstanding warrants, which may subject us
 to financial
 penalties. 

The
 Note
 Purchase Agreement we entered into in connection with our financings with
 Sigma
 Opportunity Fund, LLC Sigma ), Pacific Asset Partners, LP Pacific ), Operis
 Partners I, LLC Operis and Sigma Berliner, LLC (collectively the
 Noteholders requires that we file and make effective a registration statement
 with the SEC covering the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
 of
 each of the 7 Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible Notes Due 2008 (the
 Notes and exercise of the accompanying warrants. We were required to use our
 best efforts to have the SEC declare this registration statement effective
 prior to June 15, 2007, and we were unable to meet this deadline. Therefore,
 pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, we became subject to damages equal
 to
 2 of the aggregate purchase price paid by each Noteholder for each of the
 first
 six months that we failed to meet the requirement. On September 27, 2007,
 we
 signed a Waiver and Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement with the Noteholders
 whereby the Noteholders agreed to waive this damages clause in exchange for
 our
 agreement to lower the conversion price of the Notes from 1.10 to 1.00
 per
 share. Pursuant to this Waiver and Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement,
 we have
 agreed to continue to use our best efforts to register the shares underlying
 the
 Notes and the associated warrants, and to maintain the effectiveness of any
 registration statement we file with respect to these shares. We cannot guarantee
 that we will be able to cause a registration statement covering the shares
 to be
 declared effective, or that we will be able to keep any such registration
 statement effective. If we are unable to meet the registration requirements
 set
 forth in the Waiver and Amended Note Purchase Agreement, we may be subject
 to
 additional damages. 

15 

Our
 7 Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible Notes Due 2008 and the
 related Note
 Purchase Agreement contain restrictions that may limit our flexibility
 to take
 certain actions in the future, including raising additional
 capital. 

Our
 7 
 Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible Notes Due 2008 contain provisions
 that,
 among other things, limit our ability to: 

incur
 additional indebtedness; 

transfer
 or sell substantially all of our assets; 

incur
 liens; 

issue
 certain securities; and 

enter
 into transactions with affiliates. 

In
 addition, if we issue any securities at prices below their fair market value
 on
 the date of issue (as defined in the Notes), the conversion price of the
 Notes
 and the exercise price of our outstanding warrants will be reduced
 proportionately, causing further dilution to our common shareholders. The
 Note
 Purchase Agreement also gives the purchasers preemptive rights to participate
 in
 any subsequent issuances of our securities. These and other restrictions
 in the
 Notes and the Note Purchase Agreement may prevent us from raising capital
 in the
 future on advantageous terms, or at all, and may restrict some of our operating
 flexibility. 

A
 default on our debt obligations could result in foreclosure on all of
 our assets. 

We
 have
 issued an aggregate of 6.0 million of our 7 Senior Subordinated Secured
 Convertible Notes Due December 29, 2008, which are secured by substantially
 all
 of our accounts, inventory, furniture, fixtures, equipment, general intangibles,
 patents, licenses, investment property, promissory notes, instruments, documents
 and tangible and electronic chattel paper (collectively, the Collateral ), and
 all proceeds, products, rents and profits from the Collateral. In addition,
 we
 have secured additional financing through an 8.0 million credit facility
 with
 Presidential Financial Corp. An Event of Default with respect to either of
 these
 obligations could result in, among other things, the acceleration and demand
 for
 payment of all principal and interest due and the foreclosure on the Collateral.
 The sale of such Collateral at foreclosure would result in a substantial
 disruption in our ability to operate our business and could significantly
 lower
 our revenues and profitability. We may not be able to refinance or obtain
 extensions of the maturities of all or some of such debt only on terms that
 significantly restrict our ability to operate, including terms that place
 limitations on our ability to incur other indebtedness, to pay dividends,
 to use
 our assets as collateral for other financings, to sell assets or to make
 acquisitions or enter into other transactions. Such restrictions may adversely
 affect our ability to finance our future operations or to engage in other
 business activities. If we finance the repayment of our outstanding indebtedness
 by issuing additional equity or convertible debt securities, such issuances
 could result in substantial dilution to our stockholders. 

16 

ITEM
 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES

As
 of
 June 30, 2007, we had leases or contractual arrangements to utilize
 approximately 109,000 square feet for our operations, as set forth below:

Size
 in 

Monthly

End
 of 

Location 

Square
 Feet 

Description 

Cost

Lease
 Term 

20
 Bushes Lane 

15,800

Office
 and warehouse space 

8,637

December
 2008 

Elmwood
 Park, NJ 

97
 Linden Avenue 

13,000

Office
 and warehouse space 

15,220

June
 2008 

Elmwood
 Park, NJ 

263
 Molnar 

1,800

Office
 space 

3,000

October
 2007 

Elmwood
 Park, NJ 

1100
 Taylors Land 

10,209

Office
 and warehouse space 

3,615

November
 2008 

Cinnaminson,
 NJ 

353
 Georges Road 

1,161

Office
 space 

1,600

October
 2007 

Dayton,
 NJ 

7402
 Virginia Manor Road 

9,580

Office
 and warehouse space 

8,513 

June
 2008 

Beltsville,
 MD 

215
 Pineda 

4,500

Office
 and warehouse space 

1,968

September
 2007 

Longwood,
 FL 

2580
 N. Powerline Road 

7,600

Office
 and warehouse space 

7,176

February
 2010 

Pompano
 Beach, FL 

1210
 West Alameda Drive 

2,460

Office
 space 

1,883

Month-to-month 

Tempe,
 AZ 

95
 Ryan Drive 

6,500

Office
 space 

4,063

March
 2010 

Raynham,
 MA 

810
 West Collins Avenue 

10,000

Office
 and warehouse space 

7,920

December
 2007 

Orange,
 CA 

4550
 Cooper Sage Street 

3,750

Office
 space 

4,257

May
 2008 

N.
 Las Vegas, NV 

4280
 25th Street NE 

6,000

Office
 and warehouse space 

1,830

Month-to-month 

Salem,
 OR 

Diamond
 Business Park 

4,000

Office
 space 

1,800

Month-to-month 

47
 South Orange Street 

Salt
 Lake City, UT 

15030
 Highway 99 

12,608

Office
 and warehouse space 

6,934

March
 2010 

Lynwood,
 WA 

One third of the office space is
 sub-leased 

We
 also
 own 0.9 acres of property, including office and warehouse facilities, in
 Arlington, Texas. 

ITEM
 3. 
 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

We
 are
 involved in legal proceedings from time to time, none of which we believe,
 if
 decided adversely to us, would have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition or results of operations. 

17 

ITEM
 4. 
 
 SUBMISSION
 OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

None 

18 

PART
 II 

ITEM
 5. 

MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
 PURCHASES OF EQUITY
 SECURITIES 

Our
 common stock is currently quoted on the National Association of Securities
 Dealers-Over the Counter Bulletin Board OTCBB ). On September 16, 2005 our
 trading symbol was changed to BERL.OB to reflect, in part, our name change.
 Prior to that date, our stock was traded under the symbol NVNW.OB. The common
 stock, with the symbol NVNW was previously listed on the National Association
 of
 Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System NASDAQ and the OTCBB as
 follows: 

From 

To 

Ticker 

Market 

September
 17, 2005 

Present 

BERL 

OTCBB 

January
 1, 2002 

September
 16, 2005 

NVNW 

OTCBB 

December
 12, 2000 

December
 31, 2001 

NVNW 

NASDAQ 

November
 22, 2000 

December
 11, 2000 

EVNT 

NASDAQ 

August
 25, 1999 

November
 21, 2000 

EVNT 

OTCBB 

Prior
 to August 25, 1999 

ADII 

OTCBB 

Trading was halted by NASDAQ from July 30, 2001, until December
 31,
 2001. 

The
 following table sets forth the high and low bid prices of our common stock
 on
 the applicable market for the quarterly periods indicated. Such prices reflect
 inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission, and
 may not
 necessarily represent actual transactions: 

Quarter
 Ended 

Low 

High 

June
 30, 2007 

1.01 

1.35 

March
 31, 2007 

0.51 

2.00 

December
 31, 2006 

0.31 

1.46 

September
 30, 2006 

0.55 

1.46 

June
 30, 2006 

0.55 

2.25 

March
 31, 2006 

0.30 

2.00 

December
 31, 2005 

0.25 

1.01 

September
 30, 2005 

0.0091 

0.25 

Our
 stock
 has experienced periods, including, without limitation, certain extended
 periods, of limited or sporadic quotations. 

As
 of
 June 30, 2007, there were 1,185 holders of record of our common
 stock. 

Recent
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Securities
 Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
 following table provides information, as of June 30, 2007, with respect to
 all
 compensation plans and individual compensation arrangements under which equity
 securities are authorized for issuance to employees or
 non-employees: 

19 

(A)

Number
 of securities 

remaining
 available for 

Number
 of securities to 

Weighted
 average 

future
 issuance under 

be
 issued upon exercise 

exercise
 price of 

equity
 compensation plans 

of
 outstanding options, 

outstanding
 options, 

(excluding
 securities 

Plan
 Category 

warrants
 and rights 

warrants
 and rights 

reflected
 in column (A) 

Equity
 compensation on plans approved by security holders 

1,424,942 

(a) 

19.67 

1,425,712 

Equity
 compensation on plans not 

approved
 by security holders 

18,704

(b) 

6,786.00 

None

1,443,646

107.33 

1,425,712

(a) 

Represents
 options granted under our 1999 Omnibus Securities Plan and our
 2001 Equity
 Incentive Plan, each of which was approved by our stockholders
 (the
 Option Plans ). 

(b) 

Represents
 options granted under stand-alone option agreements, which were
 not
 associated with the Option Plans, and which vested over three or
 four year
 periods. 

Dividend
 Policy 

We
 have
 not paid cash dividends on our common stock nor do we anticipate doing so
 in the
 foreseeable future. Under the terms of our 7 Senior Subordinated Secured
 Convertible Notes due 2008, we are not permitted to pay any dividend or make
 any
 distribution on shares of our common stock held in treasury other than dividends
 or distributions payable only in shares of our common stock. 

Comparative
 Stock Performance 

The
 graph
 below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on the Company's
 common
 stock for the five years ended June 30, 2007, with the cumulative total
 return
 on the NASDAQ Composite Index and the Nasdaq Telecommunications Index
 over the
 same period (assuming an investment of 100 in the Company's Common Stock,
 the
 NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Telecommunications Index on July
 1, 2002,
 and reinvestment of all dividends). 

BERL
 Closing Bid Price 

Berliner
 Stockholder Return 

NASDAQ
 Composite 

NASDAQ
 Telecom 

6/30/2002 

15.015 

100.00 

100.00 

100.00 

6/30/2003 

13.514

90.00

108.54 

122.74 

6/30/2004 

6.607

44.00

139.90

195.78 

6/30/2005 

2.402

16.00

140.79 

175.59 

6/30/2006 

0.55

3.66 

151.46 

187.09 

6/30/2007 

1.05

6.99 

182.66 

251.29 

BERL
 Stock Price
 Performance 

20 

ITEM
 6. 

SELECTED
 FINANCIAL DATA 

The
 following table presents consolidated selected financial information. The
 statement of operations data for the years ended June 30, 2007 and 2006,
 the six
 months ended June 30, 2005 and the year ended December 31, 2004 have
 been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included
 elsewhere herein. The statement of operations data for the six months ended
 June
 30, 2004, has been derived from unaudited consolidated financial statements
 that, in the opinion of management, include all adjustments, consisting only
 of
 normal recurring adjustments, necessary to state fairly the data for such
 period. The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily
 indicative of the operating results for the entire year or any future
 period. 

On
 February 19, 2005, we entered into an asset purchase agreement with the former
 Berliner Communications, Inc. Old Berliner and BCI Communications, Inc., our
 wholly-owned subsidiary, whereby BCI acquired (the Acquisition the operations
 and substantially all of the assets and liabilities of Old Berliner. The
 Acquisition of the assets of Old Berliner was settled through the issuance
 of a
 controlling interest in our common stock. Therefore, Old Berliner is deemed
 to
 be the acquirer for accounting purposes. Since Old Berliner s accounting
 year-end was December 31 prior to the transaction, we are reporting year
 end
 numbers as of December 31, 2004 and 2005 and the interim six-month period
 ended
 June 30, 2005. After the Acquisition, we adopted the accounting year-end
 of
 June 30. 

The
 information included in this table should be read in conjunction with
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations and the audited and unaudited consolidated financial statements and
 accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere herein. We operate in two business
 segments: providing (1) infrastructure equipment construction and technical
 services and (2) real estate acquisition and zoning services, primarily to
 wireless communications carriers. 

 (Amounts
 in thousands except per share data) 

Year
 Ended 

Year
 Ended June 30, 

Six
 Months Ended June 30, 

December
 31, 

2007

2006

2005

2004

2004

Statement
 of Operations data: 

(Unaudited)

Revenues

55,135

39,325

10,196

7,422

15,286

Gross
 margin 

17,860

11,123

2,857

2,495

5,681

Operating
 income (loss) 

2,767 

1,435

(1,090 

(612 

(775 

Net
 income (loss) allocable to common shareholders 

1,112 

(18,681 

)(1) 

(1,190 

(628 

(836 

Net
 income (loss) allocable to common shareholders per share: 

Basic

0.07

(1.38 

(2.36 

(9.31 

(12.41 

Diluted

0.06

(1.38 

(2.36 

(9.31 

(12.41 

Weighted
 average number of shares outstanding: 

Basic

17,035

13,582

504

67

67

Diluted

19,062

13,582

504

67

67

Balance
 Sheet data: 

Current
 assets 

27,167

13,522

6,687

4,271

4,567

Total
 assets 

34,303 

14,256

7,516

5,036

5,193

Current
 liabilities 

20,699 

10,911

5,455

3,175

3,887

Long-term
 debt, net of debt discount and current portion 

5,964

187

254

720

431

Stockholders'
 equity 

6,907 

3,158

1,807

1,083

874

(1) 

On
 September 16, 2005, we recorded a deemed dividend of approximately
 19.9
 million due to the reduction in the conversion price of our then
 outstanding convertible preferred stock in computing net loss applicable
 to common stockholders. The deemed dividend on preferred stock
 was
 recorded as the excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred
 to the preferred holders over the carrying value of the preferred
 stock on
 our balance sheet prior to the conversion. This amount is deemed
 to
 represent a return to the preferred holders and, therefore, is
 treated in
 a manner similar to dividends paid to holders of preferred stock
 in the
 calculation of earnings per share. 

21 

ITEM
 7. MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
 OPERATIONS 

The
 following discussion and analysis of our historical consolidated financial
 statements covers period before and after consummation of the Acquisition
 (as
 previously defined). This discussion should be read together with Item 6
 -
 Selected Financial Data and our consolidated financial statements and their
 notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. See Forward-Looking Statements 
and Item 1A - Risk Factors for a discussion of factors that could cause our
 future financial condition and results of operations to be different from
 those
 discussed below. 

Business 

We
 are a
 leading contractor to the wireless communications industry, providing a wide
 range of services. Our core activities include real estate site acquisition
 and
 zoning; infrastructure equipment construction and installation; radio frequency
 and network design and engineering; radio transmission base station installation
 and modification; and in-building network design, engineering and construction.
 We provide some or all of these services to our customers, most of which
 are
 companies in the wireless telecommunications and/or data transmission
 industries, as well as to utility companies and government agencies and
 municipalities. Our customers rely on us to assist them in planning, site
 location and leasing. For a more complete discussion of our business, see
 Item 1
 of this Report entitled Business . 

On
 February 28, 2007, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Digital
 Communication Services, Inc. Digitcom and its affiliates for the purchase of
 certain of its assets in Arlington, Texas. This acquisition has expanded
 and
 strengthened our presence in Texas and the Southeast region. On April 16,
 2007,
 we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Radian Communication Services,
 Inc. Radian to purchase certain of the U.S. assets and operations of Radian
 and assume certain liabilities of Radian. This acquisition has expanded our
 presence in Los Angeles, California, Las Vegas, Nevada, and Seattle, Washington,
 and added offices in Salem, Oregon, Tempe, Arizona and Salt Lake City, Utah.
 We
 have been pleased with the success of the integration of both Digitcom and
 Radian into our existing organization, and with the high quality of the
 employees that came over to us through these transactions. These acquisitions
 have expanded our customer base and have had a positive impact on our fiscal
 2007 financial results. We believe they will improve our overall financial
 profile going forward. 

Basis
 of Presentation 

We
 currently report our financial results on the basis of two reportable segments:
 (1) infrastructure construction and technical services and (2) real estate
 acquisition and zoning. 

The
 consolidated statement of operations for the six months ended June 30, 2005
 gives effect to the recapitalization of Old Berliner as if it occurred on
 January 1, 2005 and includes the accounts of Berliner Communications, Inc.
 and
 BCI Communications, Inc., its wholly owned subsidiary, since the date of
 the
 Acquisition. The unaudited consolidated statement of operations for the six
 months ended June 30, 2004, and the audited consolidated statement of operations
 for the year ended December 31, 2004 are the accounts of Old
 Berliner. 

YEAR
 ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2006 

 (Amounts
 in thousands unless otherwise stated) 

Revenues 

Fiscal
 Years Ended 

June
 30, 

Increase

2007

2006

Infrastructure
 construction and technical services 

43,501

35,506

7,995

Real
 estate acquisition and zoning 

11,634

3,819

7,815

Total
 Revenues 

55,135

39,325

15,810

22 

We
 had
 revenues of 55.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2007, versus 39.3
 million
 for the year ended June 30, 2006. This represents an increase of 15.8 million,
 or 40 . This increase is primarily due to significant growth in our
 infrastructure construction and technical services segment and to significant
 awards of new business from our top customers. In addition, approximately
 6.5
 million of this increase is attributable to the Digitcom and Radian acquisitions
 in the third and fourth quarters of the fiscal year. For these same reasons,
 we
 expect our revenues to continue to increase during the fiscal year ending
 June
 30, 2008. 

Revenues
 from infrastructure construction and technical services increased 8.0 million,
 or 23 for the year ended June 30, 2007 as compared to the year ended June
 30,
 2006, and accounted for approximately 79 and 90 of total revenues for these
 years, respectively. Newly acquired regional markets resulting from the Digitcom
 and Radian acquisitions accounted for approximately 5.9 million, or 73 
 of the
 increase. 

Real
 estate acquisition and zoning increased 7.8 million, or 205 for the year
 ended
 June 30, 2007 as compared to the year ended June 30, 2006, and accounted
 for
 approximately 21 and 10 of total revenues for these years, respectively.
 Newly
 acquired regional markets resulting from the Digitcom and Radian acquisitions
 accounted for approximately 0.6 million, or 8 of the increase. We expect
 this
 mix of segment revenue to remain substantially the same during the fiscal
 year
 ending June 30, 2008. 

We
 recognize revenues from infrastructure construction and technical services
 on
 the percentage of completion method of accounting and real estate acquisition
 and zoning services on the completed contract method of accounting. 

Cost
 of Revenues 

Fiscal
 Years Ended 

June
 30, 

Increase

2007

2006

Infrastructure
 construction and technical services 

29,674

25,538

4,136

Real
 estate acquisition and zoning 

7,601

2,664

4,937

Total
 Cost of Revenues 

37,275

28,202

9,073

Our
 cost
 of revenues was 37.3 million and 28.2 million for the years ended June
 30,
 2007 and 2006, respectively. This represents an increase of 9.0 million,
 or
 32 , during a period when sales increased 40 . These amounts represent 68 
 and
 72 of total revenues for the years ended June 30, 2007 and 2006, respectively.

Cost
 of
 revenues for infrastructure construction and technical services increased
 4.1
 million for the year ended June 30, 2007 as compared with the year ended
 June
 30, 2006. This represents an increase of approximately 16 during a period
 when
 sales for this segment increased 23 . Newly
 acquired regional markets resulting from the Digitcom and Radian acquisitions
 accounted for approximately 5.9 million of the total cost of revenues for
 this
 segment during Fiscal 2007. 

Cost
 of
 revenues for real estate acquisition and zoning services increased 4.9 million
 for the year ended June 30, 2007 from the similar period ended June 30, 2006.
 This represents an increase of approximately 185 during a period when sales
 for
 this segment increased 205 . Newly
 acquired regional markets resulting from the Digitcom and Radian acquisitions
 accounted for approximately 0.6 million of the total cost of revenues for
 this
 segment during Fiscal 2007. 

Gross
 Margin 

Years
 ended 

 June
 30, 

2007 

2006 

Amount 

Amount 

Infrastructure
 construction and technical services 

13,827 

32 

9,968 

28 

Real
 estate acquisition and zoning 

4,033 

35 

1,155 

30 

Total
 gross profit 

17,860 

32 

11,123 

28 

Our
 gross
 margin for the years ended June 30, 2007 and 2006 was 17.9 million and
 11.1
 million, or 32 and 28 of revenues, respectively. Gross margins increased
 primarily because of increased revenues from real estate acquisition and
 zoning,
 which has higher gross margins, and a trend towards obtaining longer-term
 projects which enable us to plan the projects in a more efficient
 manner. 

23 

Selling,
 General and Administrative Expenses 

Years
 ended 

 June
 30, 

2007 

2006 

Increase 

Infrastructure
 construction and technical services 

11,964 

8,315 

3,649 

Real
 estate acquisition and zoning 

2,650 

1,133 

1,517 

Total
 selling, general and administrative expenses 

14,614 

9,448 

5,166 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses for the year ended June 30, 2007 was
 14.6
 million as compared to 9.4 million for the year ended June 30, 2006. This
 represents an increase of approximately 5.2 million, or 55 during a period
 when revenues increased 40 . 1.9 million of this increase represents additional
 expenses relating to the operations of the markets we acquired in the third
 and
 fourth quarters of fiscal 2007. 1.7 million represents additional payroll
 expenses in existing markets relating to increased staffing levels necessary
 to
 facilitate the increased sales and expected continued growth of our existing
 operations. Additionally, we recognized increased spending of approximately
 0.3
 million in insurance premiums, 0.4 million in accounting and legal fees
 and
 0.4 million for an additional provision for potential New Jersey sales taxes.
 For a more detailed discussion of our potential New Jersey sales tax exposure,
 see Note 7 of our Consolidated Financial Statements and to Item 1A. Risk
 Factors
 which are presented elsewhere in this Report. 

Depreciation
 and Amortization 

Depreciation
 and amortization expense for the year ended June 30, 2007 was 0.5 million
 as
 compared to 0.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2006. This represents
 an
 increase of 0.3 million. The increase was primarily caused by an increase
 in
 purchases of property and equipment, including those acquired through the
 acquisitions of Digitcom and Radian. For a more complete discussion of the
 accounting for these acquisitions, see Note 13 of our Consolidated Financial
 Statements presented elsewhere in this Report. The increase also includes
 approximately 0.1 million in amortization of approximately 0.5 million of
 customer relationships and 0.5 million of covenants not to
 compete acquired as the result of the abovementioned
 acquisitions. 

Interest
 Income and Expense 

Interest
 income for the year ended June 30, 2007 was 37 thousand, an increase of
 23
 thousand from 14 thousand for the year ended June 30, 2006. This increase
 was
 caused by the additional cash and cash equivalents we received as a result
 of
 our financing transactions with Sigma Opportunity Fund and its affiliates
 and
 non-affiliated co-investors during the second and third quarters of fiscal
 2007
 (the Sigma Transactions ). For a more complete discussion of the Sigma
 Transactions, see Note 10 of our Consolidated Financial Statements presented
 elsewhere in this Report. 

Interest
 expense for the year ended June 30, 2007 was 1.2 million. This represents
 an
 increase of 1.1 million from 0.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2006.
 This increase was caused by additional debt incurred related to the Sigma
 Transactions, our issuance of a promissory note as part of the purchase price
 for our acquisition of Digital Communications Services, Inc., and our expanded
 line of credit with Presidential Financial. Included in the year ended June
 30,
 2007 results are 0.3 million in amortization of deferred financing fees
 and
 0.5 million in interest accretion caused by the issuance of warrants related
 to
 the Sigma Transactions. 

Financing
 Fees 

During
 Fiscal 2007, we entered into a Note Purchase Agreement with Sigma Opportunity
 Fund, LLC, to which Pacific Asset Partners, LP, Operis Partners I, LLC and
 Sigma
 Berliner, LLC have joined and are each deemed a party to issue in
 aggregate 6.0 million worth of 7 Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible
 Notes
 due on December 29, 2008 (collectively, the Notes ). These Notes were initially
 convertible at 1.10 per share (subject to adjustment). In the aggregate,
 the
 Notes were initially convertible into a total of 5,454,545 shares of our
 common
 stock. In addition, we issued warrants to purchase up to 3,000,000 shares
 of our
 common stock with a strike price of 0.01 (the Warrants ). 

Pursuant
 to the Note Purchase Agreement ,
 we
 agreed
 to register the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes
 and
 upon exercise of the Warrants (collectively, the Registrable Shares for
 resale under the Securities Act. We agreed to file with the SEC a Registration
 Statement with respect to the Registrable Shares, which was filed with the
 SEC
 on March 19, 2007, and to cause the Registration Statement to become effective
 on or before June 15, 2007. 

We
 were
 unable to have the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC prior
 to
 June 15, 2007. Therefore, pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, we became
 subject to liquidated damages equal to 2 of the aggregate purchase price
 paid
 by each purchaser for each of the first six months that we failed to meet
 the
 requirement, resulting in a maximum liquidated damages exposure of 0.7 million
 (the Liquidated Damages ). On September 27, 2007, we signed a Waiver and
 Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement (the Waiver with the noteholders whereby
 the noteholders agreed to amend
 the
 Note Purchase Agreement to, among other things, eliminate the provision which
 gave rise to the Liquidated Damages in exchange for our agreement to amend
 the
 Notes to lower the conversion price from 1.10 to 1.00 per share. Pursuant
 to
 the Waiver, we have agreed to continue to use our best efforts to register
 the
 shares underlying the Notes and the Warrants. We are obligated to register
 substantially all of the shares that may be registered on the form of
 registration statement (a) available to us at the time of such registration
 statement is filed, (b) under which an at the market offering may be made on a
 delayed or continuous basis under Rule 415, promulgated under the Securities
 Act
 of 1933, as amended, and (c) which shall not be considered or deemed to be
 a
 primary offering of securities by the SEC. In order to comply with our
 obligation, we anticipate filing a new registration statement to register
 approximately 1,222,632 of the shares of our common stock which underly the
 Warrants shortly following the filing of our 2007 proxy statement, expected
 to
 be at the end of October 2007. We also agreed to use our best efforts to
 maintain the effectiveness of any registration statement we file with respect
 to
 those shares. The reduction in the conversion price of the Notes will result
 in
 the holders of our common stock being diluted by an additional 545,455 shares
 in
 the event all of the Notes are converted. 

24 

This
 resulted in our recognizing a financing fee of 0.7 million as a non-cash
 charge
 to other expense in our statement of operations. This amount is based on
 the
 estimated value of the reduction of the conversion price from 1.10 to 1.00
 per
 share, which we estimated to be equal to the amount of the maximum exposure
 of
 our liquidated damages. 

Income
 (Loss) in Equity Investments 

For
 the
 year ended June 30, 2006, income from equity investments resulted from our
 minority investment in Paciugo that was accounted for under the equity method
 of
 accounting. Under the equity method, our proportionate share of each
 subsidiary s operating income or loss is included in income or loss from equity
 investments. We sold our interest in Paciugo on December 30, 2005 and recorded
 a
 gain of 0.2 million. 

Deemed
 Preferred Dividends 

For
 the
 year ended June 30, 2006, the deemed dividend on our Series B and D Convertible
 Preferred Stock was recorded as the excess of the fair value of the
 consideration transferred to the preferred stockholders over the carrying
 value
 of the preferred stock on our balance sheet prior to the conversion. This
 amount
 was deemed to represent a return to the preferred stockholders and, therefore,
 was treated in a manner similar to dividends paid to stockholders of the
 preferred stock in the calculation of earnings per share. 

Income
 Tax Expense 

In
 prior
 years, the Company has reduced its deferred tax assets and liabilities through
 the use of a valuation allowance because, in the opinion of management, based
 on
 the information available to it at the time, it was more likely than not
 that
 the benefits to be derived from these assets would not be realized. This
 opinion
 was based, among other things, on the history of net losses. Based on
 information currently available to BCI management, it now appears more likely
 than not that these net deferred tax assets will be realized. This resulted
 in
 the reversal of the valuation allowance the Company had recognized in prior
 years, resulting in reducing our current provision for income taxes by 738
 thousand. 

FISCAL
 YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2006 COMPARED TO SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30,
 2005 

Revenues

We
 had
 revenues of 39.3 million for the year ended June 30, 2006, versus 10.2
 million
 for the six months ended June 30, 2005. Revenues from infrastructure equipment
 construction and installation contracts accounted for approximately 90 and
 89 
 in the year ended June 30, 2006, and in the six months ended June 30, 2005,
 respectively. Revenue from real estate site acquisition and zoning services
 accounted for approximately 10 and 11 of our total revenues for these
 same periods, respectively. The increase in revenues in the year ended June
 30,
 2006, versus the six months ended June 30, 2005, is due to an additional
 six
 months of operations and the increased spending from our customers in
 infrastructure and equipment construction and installation and radio frequency
 engineering in order to improve their networks in preparation for future
 offerings of video and music and reduced spending in real estate acquisition
 and
 zoning services. We recognize revenues from infrastructure and equipment
 construction and installation contracts on the percentage of completion method
 of accounting and real estate site acquisition and zoning services upon the
 identification of an acceptable site and when the lease is signed between
 the
 landlord and the customer. 

25 

Cost
 of Revenues 

Our
 cost
 of revenues was 28.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2006, versus 7.3
 million for the six months ended June 30, 2005. 

Gross
 Margin 

Our
 gross
 margin for the year ended June 30, 2006, was 11.1 million or 28 of revenues
 as
 compared to 2.9 million or 28 of revenues for the six months ended June
 30,
 2005. 

Selling,
 General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses increased during the year ended June
 30,
 2006, to 9.4 million from 3.8 million in the six months ended June 30,
 2005.
 The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses during the year
 ended June 30, 2006, as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2005, resulted
 primarily from the additional six months of operations, additional costs
 due to
 an increased number of employees and additional office and warehouse facilities
 to handle our increased revenue. Selling, general and administrative expenses
 as
 a percentage of revenues decreased from 38 to 24 in the year ended June
 30,
 2006, as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2005 due to the increased
 revenues during the year ended June 30, 2006, without a corresponding increase
 in our selling, general and administrative expenses. 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses for the year ended June 30, 2006 consisted
 primarily of approximately (i) 5.9 million of salaries and benefits, (ii)
 0.8
 million of business insurance, (iii) 0.4 million of professional services,
 (iv)
 0.6 million of office rents, (v) 0.4 million of travel and entertainment,
 (vi)
 0.3 million of office expenses including telephone and utilities, (vii)
 0.2
 million of repairs and maintenance and (viii) 0.8 million of other general
 operating expenses. 

Depreciation

Depreciation
 recorded on fixed assets during the year ended June 30, 2006, totaled
 approximately 0.2 million, as compared to approximately 0.1 million for
 six
 months ended June 30, 2005. The increase in depreciation is due to the sale
 of
 certain fixed assets and other fixed assets becoming fully depreciated and
 the
 comparison of a year versus six months. 

Loss
 in Equity Investments 

Loss
 in
 equity investments results from our minority ownership interest in Paciugo
 that
 was accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Under the equity
 method, our proportionate share of each subsidiary s operating loss is included
 in equity in loss of investments. We sold our interest in Paciugo on
 December 30, 2005 and recorded a gain of 0.2 million. 

Other
 (Income) Expense 

Other
 (income) expense during the year ended June 30, 2006, totaled expense of
 approximately 85 thousand, as compared to approximately 4 thousand for
 the six
 months ended June 30, 2005. The expense was comprised of an estimated liability
 for state sales tax for prior years offset by the recovery of approximately
 88
 thousand of legal fees previously expensed, which had been paid on behalf
 of a
 third party. 

26 

Deemed
 Preferred Dividends 

The
 deemed dividend on our Series B and D Convertible Preferred Stock was recorded
 as the excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred to the
 preferred holders as of the date of the Voting Agreement over the carrying
 value
 of the preferred stock on our balance sheet prior to the conversion. This
 amount
 was deemed to represent a return to the preferred holders and therefore,
 has
 been treated in a manner similar to dividends paid to holders of preferred
 stock
 in the calculation of earnings per share. 

SIX
 MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2005 COMPARED TO SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2004
 (Unaudited) 

 (Amounts
 in thousands unless otherwise stated) 

Revenues 

Six
 Months Ended 

June
 30, 

Increase

2005

2004

(Decrease)

(Unaudited)

Infrastructure
 construction and technical services 

9,075

5,938

3,137

Real
 estate acquisition and zoning 

1,121

1,484

(363 

Total
 Revenues 

10,196

7,422

2,774

We
 had
 revenues of 10.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2005 as compared
 with 7.4 million for the similar period ended June 30, 2004. This represents
 an
 increase of 2.8 million, or 37 . The increase in revenues for the six months
 ended June 30, 2005 as compared to the similar period ended June 30, 2004
 was
 primarily caused by increased spending from our customers in infrastructure
 construction and technical services in order to improve their networks in
 preparation for future offerings of video and music services, and reduced
 spending in real estate acquisition and zoning services. 

Revenues
 from infrastructure construction and technical services increased 3.1 million,
 or 53 , and accounted for approximately 89 and 80 of our total revenues
 for
 the six month periods ended June 30, 2005 and 2004, respectively. 

Revenues
 from real estate acquisition and zoning services decreased 0.4 million,
 or 25 ,
 and accounted for approximately 11 and 20 of our total revenues for the
 six
 month periods ended June 30, 2005 and 2004, respectively. 

Cost
 of Revenues 

Our
 cost
 of revenues was 7.3 million and 4.9 million, respectively, for the six
 months
 ended June 30, 2005 and 2004. These amounts represent 72 and 66 of total
 revenues for the six months ended June 30, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

Gross
 Margin 

Our
 gross
 margin for the six months ended June 30, 2005 and 2004 was 2.9 million and
 2.5
 million, or 28 and 34 of revenues, respectively. 

Selling,
 General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses increased approximately 0.9 million,
 or 30 
 to 3.8 million during the six months ended June 30, 2005 as compared to
 2.9
 million in the six months ended June 30, 2004. The increase in selling, general
 and administrative expenses resulted primarily from general administration
 costs
 of approximately 0.6 million from Novo that included the salaries of two
 of our
 senior executives, legal and accounting fees associated with the Acquisition,
 business insurance and office expenses. In addition to the costs associated
 with
 the Acquisition, we incurred additional costs due to an increased number
 of
 employees and additional warehouse facilities to handle our increased
 revenue. 

27 

Depreciation 

Depreciation
 expense during the six months ended June 30, 2005 totaled approximately 0.1
 million as compared to approximately 0.2 million for the six months ended
 June
 30, 2004. The decrease was primarily caused by the sale of certain property
 and
 equipment and other fixed assets which became fully depreciated. 

Loss
 in Equity Investments 

Loss
 in
 equity investments results from our minority ownership in Paciugo that was
 accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method,
 our proportionate share of each subsidiary s operating loss is included in
 equity in loss of investments. 

LIQUIDITY
 AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

At
 June
 30, 2007, we had consolidated current assets of approximately 27.2 million,
 including cash and cash equivalents of approximately 2.5 million and net
 working capital of approximately 6.5 million. Historically, we have funded
 our
 operations primarily through operating cash flow, the proceeds of private
 placements of our common and preferred stock and borrowings under loan
 arrangements. The principal uses of cash during the year ended June 30, 2007
 have been working capital, purchases of property and equipment and
 acquisitions. 

In
 September 2003, we entered into a revolving credit facility with Presidential
 Financial Corporation of Delaware Valley Presidential ). On April 3, 2007, we
 amended this facility to, among other things, increase the availability under
 the credit facility to 8.0 million. The credit facility is available for
 working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. The
 credit
 facility interest rate is prime plus one and one-half percent (1.5 ). As
 of June
 30, 2007, the prime rate was 8.25 . In addition, we pay .25 per month on
 the
 average daily balance. 

The
 credit facility is secured by substantially all of BCI s assets and a guarantee
 from Berliner. The balance outstanding at June 30, 2007 was 5.5 million.
 The
 revolving credit facility has a term of twelve months and currently matures
 on
 April 3, 2008, and we can elect to renew on a month-to-month basis
 thereafter. 

On
 December 29, 2006, we entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the Note Purchase
 Agreement with Sigma Opportunity Fund, LLC for the issuance and sale of a 7 
 Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible Note due on December 29, 2008, in
 the
 original principal amount of 3.0 million (the Sigma Note convertible at
 1.10 per share (subject to adjustment) and a warrant to purchase up to 1.5
 million shares of our common stock with a strike price of 0.01 (the Sigma
 Warrant ). 

On
 February 2, 2007, we entered into a Joinder Agreement to the Note Purchase
 Agreement with Pacific Asset Partners, LLC Pacific and Operis Partners I,
 LLC Operis and issued a second 7 Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible
 Note due on December 29, 2008 in the original principal amount of 1.0 million
 and a warrant to purchase up to 500,000 shares of our common stock to Pacific
 (the Pacific Note and a third 7 Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible Note
 due on December 29, 2008 to Operis (the Operis Note in the original principal
 amount of 0.5 million and a warrant to purchase up to 250,000 shares of
 our
 common stock respectively, all on substantially the same terms as the Sigma
 Note
 and Sigma Warrant. 

On
 February 15, 2007, we entered into a Joinder Agreement to the Note Purchase
 Agreement with Sigma Berliner, LLC Sigma Berliner to issue a fourth 7 
 Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible Note due on December 29, 2008 in
 the
 original principal amount of 1.5 million (the Sigma Berliner Note and a
 warrant to purchase up to 750,000 shares of our common stock to Sigma Berliner,
 also on substantially the same terms as the Sigma Note and Sigma
 Warrant. 

The
 Sigma
 Note, the Pacific Note, the Operis Note and the Sigma Berliner Note are each
 junior to our existing 8.0 million line of credit with Presidential. We
 will
 make periodic payments of interest throughout the life of the
 notes. 

On
 February 28, 2007, in connection with the Asset Purchase Agreement with Digital
 Communication Services, Inc., J J Leasing Partnership and the shareholders
 of Digitcom for the purchase certain of the assets of Digitcom, we issued
 a
 promissory note to J J Leasing Partnership (the J J Note in the
 amount of 1.75 million. The principal amount and any accrued and unpaid
 interest thereon is due and payable quarterly for a three year period ending
 on
 March 1, 2010. The outstanding principal amount of the J J Note bears
 interest at the rate of 8.25 per year. The J J Note is secured by certain
 land and buildings sold to us by J J Leasing Partnership. 

28 

Our
 ability to satisfy our current obligations is dependent upon our cash on
 hand,
 borrowings under our credit facility with Presidential, borrowings under
 our 7 
 Senior Secured Convertible Notes and the operations of BCI. Our current
 obligations consist of capital expenditures, debt service and funding working
 capital. In the event we do not continue to generate positive cash flow,
 or if
 we incur unanticipated expenses for operations and are unable to acquire
 additional capital or financing, we will likely have to reassess our strategic
 direction, make significant changes to our business operations and substantially
 reduce our expenses until such time as we achieve positive cash
 flow. 

The
 net
 cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2007 and 2006 are as
 follows: 

For
 the Years Ended 

June
 30, 

2007

2006

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

(1,
 064 

(224 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

(6,239 

(75 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

9,252

431

Cash
 Used in Operating Activities 

Net
 cash
 used in operating activities for the years ended June 30, 2007 and 2006 totaled
 approximately 1.1 million and 0.2 million, respectively. 

During
 the year ended June 30, 2007, cash provided by operating activities primarily
 resulted from operating income of 2.2 million, net of non-cash charges.
 Cash
 used in operating activities primarily resulted from an increase in accounts
 receivable of 4.2 million due to increased revenue during the period, increased
 accrued expenses of 0.6 million, and decreases in accounts payable (net
 of
 accounts payable realized for the acquisition of Radian) of 1.0
 million. 

Cash
 used
 in operating activities for the year ended June 30, 2006 primarily resulted
 from
 operating income, net of non-cash charges, of 1.6 million, an increase in
 accounts receivable of 7.2 million due to increased revenue during the period,
 decreases in inventories and other assets of 0.5 million, and an increase
 in
 accounts payable and accrued expenses of 4.7 million, mainly attributed
 to
 subcontractor costs associated with our increased revenues. 

Cash
 Used in Investing Activities 

Cash
 used
 in investing activities for the years ended June 30, 2007 and 2006 totaled
 approximately 6.2 million and 0.08 million, respectively. 

During
 the year ended June 30, 2007, cash used in investing activities primarily
 resulted from asset acquisitions of 5.7 million and purchases of property
 and
 equipment of 0.5 million. 

29 

Cash
 used
 in investing activities for the year ended June 30, 2006 was primarily the
 result of 0.3 million purchases of property and equipment, which was partly
 offset by 0.2 million proceeds from the sale of the Paciugo
 business. 

Cash
 Provided by Financing Activities 

Cash
 provided by financing activities for the years ended June 30, 2007 and 2006
 totaled approximately 9.3 million and 0.4 million, respectively. 

During
 the year ended June 30, 2007, cash provided by financing activities primarily
 resulted from net borrowings under our credit line of 4.4 million and new
 debt
 incurred of 6.0 million which were partially offset by financing fees paid
 of
 0.6 million. 

Cash
 provided by financing activities for the year ended June 30, 2006 was primarily
 the result of 0.6 million net proceeds from the line of credit and 0.1
 million
 proceeds from long-term debt which were partly offset by 0.3 million repayment
 of long-term debt and 53 thousand repayment of capital leases. 

We
 believe our existing cash, cash equivalents and line of credit will be
 sufficient to meet our cash requirements in the near term. However, we may
 be
 required, or could elect, to seek additional funding within the next twelve
 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including
 our rate of revenue growth, the timing and extent of capital expenditures
 to
 support our contracts and expansion of sales and marketing. We cannot assure
 that additional equity or debt financing will be available on acceptable
 terms,
 or at all. Our sources of liquidity beyond twelve months, in management s
 opinion, will be our then current cash balances, funds from operations, if
 any,
 and our current credit facility and any additional equity or credit facilities
 we can arrange. We have no other agreements or arrangements with third parties
 to provide us with sources of liquidity and capital resources beyond twelve
 months. 

The
 following represents our contractual obligations over the next five
 years: 

Total

2008

2009

2010

2011

2012

Thereafter

Long-term
 debt obligations 

7,934

684

6,679

529

42

-

-

Amounts
 representing interest 

878

558

292

26

2

-

-

Capital
 lease obligations 

251

55

50

54

49

42

1

Amounts
 representing interest 

64

21

18

13

8

4

-

Operating
 lease obligations 

1,
 213 

769

288

156

- 

- 

- 

10,340

2,
 087 

7,327

778

101

46

1

Forward-Looking
 Statements 

Forward-looking 
 statements appear throughout this Report. We have based these forward-looking
 statements on our current expectations and projections about future events.
 It
 is important to note that the occurrence of the events described in these
 statements and elsewhere in this Report, including, without limitation, those
 risks identified in Item 1A - Risk Factors set forth elsewhere in this Report,
 could have an adverse effect on the business, results of operations or financial
 condition of the Company. 

Forward-looking
 statements in this Annual Report include, without limitation, the following
 statements concerning: 

our
 financial condition and strategic
 direction; 

our
 future capital requirements and our ability to satisfy our capital
 needs; 

the
 potential generation of future
 revenues; 

our
 ability to adequately staff our service
 offerings; 

opportunities
 for us from new and emerging wireless
 technologies; 

our
 ability to obtain additional
 financing; 

our
 growth strategy; 

trends
 in the wireless telecommunications
 industry; 

key
 drivers of change in our business; 

our
 competitive position; and 

other
 statements that contain words like believe , anticipate , expect and
 similar expressions that are also used to identify forward-looking
 statements. 

It
 is
 important to note that all of our forward-looking statements are subject
 to a
 number of risks, assumptions and uncertainties, such as: 

risks
 related to a concentration in revenues from a small number of
 customers; 

risks
 associated with competition in the wireless telecommunications
 industry; 

risks
 that we will not be able to generate positive cash
 flow; 

risks
 that we may not be able to obtain additional
 financing; 

risks
 that we will not be able to take advantage of new and emerging
 wireless
 technologies; and 

risks
 that we will be unable to adequately staff its service
 offerings. 

30 

This
 list
 is only an example of the risks that may affect the forward-looking statements.
 If any of these risks or uncertainties materialize or fail to materialize,
 or if
 the underlying assumptions are incorrect, then actual results may differ
 materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. 

Additional
 factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
 reflected in the forward-looking statements include, without limitation,
 those
 discussed elsewhere in this Report. It is important not to place undue reliance
 on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our analysis, judgment,
 belief or expectation only as of the date of this Report. We undertake no
 obligation to publicly revise these forward-looking statements to reflect
 events
 or circumstances that arise after the date of this Report. 

Critical
 Accounting Policies 

Revenue
 Recognition 

Revenue
 from radio frequency and network design and engineering, infrastructure
 equipment construction and installation, radio transmission base station
 modifications and project management services are recognized as work is
 performed. Revenue from real estate acquisition and zoning services is
 recognized under the completed contract method of accounting. Revenue associated
 with multiple element contracts reflects the relative fair value of the services
 included in the contract. Revenue from infrastructure equipment construction
 and
 installation contracts, which are generally completed within 90 days, is
 recorded under the percentage-of-completion method based on the percentage
 that
 total direct costs incurred to date bear to estimated total costs at completion.
 Losses on infrastructure equipment construction and installation contracts
 are
 recognized when such losses become known. 

Risks
 and Uncertainties 

Financial
 instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk
 consist
 primarily of accounts receivable. We routinely assess the financial strength
 of
 our customers and do not require collateral or other security to support
 customer receivables. Credit losses are provided for in our consolidated
 financial statements in the form of an allowance for doubtful accounts. Our
 allowance for doubtful accounts is based upon the expected collectibility
 of all
 our accounts receivable. We determine our allowance by considering a number
 of
 factors, including the length of time it is past due, our previous loss history
 and the customer s current ability to pay its obligations. Accounts receivable
 are written off when they are considered to be uncollectible and any payments
 subsequently received on such receivables are credited to the allowance for
 doubtful accounts. 

Effects
 of Inflation 

We
 do not
 believe that the businesses of our subsidiaries are impacted by inflation
 to a
 significantly different extent than the general economy. However, there can
 be
 no assurance that inflation will not have a material effect on operations
 in the
 future. 

Recently
 Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In
 June
 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48, Accounting
 for Uncertainty in Income Taxes - an interpretation of FASF Statement No.
 109, 
 (FIN
 48), which establishes that the financial statement effects of a tax position
 taken or expected to be taken in a tax return are to be recognized in the
 financial statements when it is more likely than not, based on the technical
 merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination. FIN 48 is
 effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. We do not believe
 that the adoption of FIN 48 will have a material impact on our results from
 operations or financial position. 

In
 September 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
 Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 157, Fair
 Value Measurements 
 ("SFAS
 157") which is intended to increase consistency and comparability in fair
 value
 measurements by defining fair value, establishing a framework for measuring
 fair
 value and expanding disclosures about fair value measurements. SFAS No. 157
 is
 effective for financial statements issued for the fiscal years beginning
 after
 November 15, 2007, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company
 is
 in the process of evaluating this guidance and therefore has not yet determined
 the impact, if any, that SFAS 157 will have on its consolidated financial
 statements upon adoption. 

31 

In
 September 2006, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108, Considering
 the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements
 SAB
 108 ). SAB 108 provides interpretive guidance on how the effects of the
 carryover or reversal of prior year misstatements should be considered in
 quantifying a current year misstatement. Specifically, SAB 108 states that
 registrants should quantify errors using both a balance sheet and income
 statement approach and evaluate whether either approach results in quantifying
 a
 misstatement that, when all relevant quantitative factors are considered,
 is
 material. SAB 108 is effective for fiscal years ending after November 15,
 2006.
 The adoption of SAB 108 did not have a material impact on our results of
 operations or financial position. 

In
 February 2007, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No.
 159, The
 Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
 ("SFAS
 159"). This statement permits companies to choose to measure many financial
 assets and liabilities at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on items
 for
 which the fair value option has been elected are reported in earnings. SFAS
 159
 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007. The Company
 is
 in the process of evaluating this guidance and therefore has not yet determined
 the impact, if any, that SFAS 159 will have on its consolidated financial
 statements upon adoption. 

ITEM
 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
 RISK 

We
 are
 exposed to the impact of interest rates and other risks. We have investments
 in
 money market funds of approximately 2.0 million at June 30, 2007 and borrowings
 under our line of credit of approximately 5.5 million. We believe that the
 effects of changes in interest rates are limited and would not materially
 affect
 our operations or financial condition. 

ITEM
 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Please
 refer to pages F-1 through F-30. 

ITEM
 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
 DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Based
 upon the required evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act
 of
 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), our Chief Executive Officer and our
 Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of June 30, 2007, our disclosure
 controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information was gathered,
 analyzed and disclosed on a timely basis. 

There
 has
 been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in
 rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during
 our
 fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2007, that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
 reporting. 

32 

PART
 III 

ITEM
 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

Information
 called for by Item 10 will be set forth under the caption Election of
 Directors in our 2007 Proxy Statement, which will be filed not later than 120
 days after the end of our fiscal year ended June 30, 2007, and which is
 incorporated herein by this reference. 

ITEM
 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Information
 called for by Item 11 will be set forth under the caption Executive
 Compensation and Other Matters in our 2007 Proxy Statement, which will be filed
 not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended June 30, 2007,
 and which is incorporated herein by this reference. 

ITEM
 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED
 STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Information
 called for by Item 12 will be set forth under the caption Security Ownership of
 Directors, Management and Principal Stockholders in our 2007 Proxy Statement,
 which will be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year
 ended June 30, 2007, and which is incorporated herein by this
 reference. 

ITEM
 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

Information
 called for by Item 13 will be set forth under the caption Certain Relationships
 and Related Transactions in our 2007 Proxy Statement, which will be filed not
 later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended June 30, 2007,
 and
 which is incorporated herein by this reference. 

ITEM
 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Information
 called for by Item 14 will be set forth under the caption Principal Accountant
 Fees and Services in our 2007 Proxy Statement, which will be filed not later
 than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended June 30, 2007, and which
 is
 incorporated herein by this reference. 

PART
 IV 

ITEM
 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The
 following documents are filed as part of this report: 

Financial
 Statements: 

Our
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2007 and 2006 

 Our
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2007 and
 2006, the six months ended June 30, 2005 and 2004 (Unaudited), and the year
 ended December 31, 2004 

 Our
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended June 30,
 2007 and 2006, the six months ended June 30, 2005 and the year ended December
 31, 2004 

 Our
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2007 and
 2006, the six months ended June 30, 2005 and 2004 (Unaudited), and the year
 ended December 31, 2004 

33 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
 to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of
 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
 by
 the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Berliner
 Communications, Inc. 

By: 

/s/
 Rich Berliner 

Name: 

Rich B.
 Berliner 

Title:

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
 to the requirement of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has
 been
 signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
 capacities indicated on September 27, 2007. Each person whose signature appears
 below constitutes and appoints Rich B. Berliner and Nicholas Day, each or
 either of them, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, each acting
 alone, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in
 his
 name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments
 (including post-effective amendments) to this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 and to
 file the same, with all the exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection
 therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said
 attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, full power and authority
 to do
 and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done
 in
 and about the premises as fully, to all intents and purposes, as he might
 or
 could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
 attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, or his substitute or
 substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

SIGNATURE 

TITLE 

/s/
 Rich Berliner 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Rich B.
 Berliner 

(Principal
 Executive
 Officer) 

/s/
 Albert E. Gencarella 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Albert
 E. Gencarella 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Mark S. Dailey 

Director 

Mark
 S. Dailey 

/s/
 Peter J. Mixter 

Director 

Peter
 J. Mixter 

/s/
 Mehran Nazari 

Director 

Mehran
 Nazari 

/s/
 Steve Robling 

Director 

John
 Stevens Robling, Jr. 

/s/
 Thom Waye 

Director 

Thom
 Waye 

34 

INDEX
 TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit
 Number 

Description 

Filed
 Herewith 

10.1 

Amendment
 and Waiver Agreement, dated September 27, 2007, among Berliner
 Communications, Inc., Sigma Opportunity Fund, LLC, Pacific Asset
 Partners,
 LP, Operis Partners I LLC, and Sigma Berliner, LLC 

X 

21.1 

Subsidiaries
 of Berliner Communications, Inc. 

X 

23.1 

Consent
 of BDO Seidman, LLP 

X 

24 

Power
 of Attorney 

See
 Signature Pages 

31.1 

Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

31.2 

Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

32.1 

Certification
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

35 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2007 and 2006 

F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2007 and
 2006,
 and 

the
 six months ended June 30, 2005 and 2004 (unaudited) and for the
 year
 ended 

December
 31, 2004 

F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended June 30,
 2007 and
 2006, the six 

Months
 ended June 30, 2005 and for the year ended December 31,
 2004 

F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2007 and
 2006,
 and 

the
 six months ended June 30, 2005 and 2004 (unaudited) and for the
 year
 ended 

December
 31, 2004 

F-6 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-8 

F-1 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board
 of
 Directors and Stockholders 

 Berliner
 Communications, Inc. 

 Elmwood
 Park, New Jersey 

We
 have
 audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Berliner Communications,
 Inc. and Subsidiaries as of June 30, 2007 and 2006 and the related consolidated
 statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years
 ended June 30, 2007 and 2006, the six months ended June 30, 2005, and the
 year
 ended December 31, 2004. These financial statements are the responsibility
 of
 the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
 financial statements based on our audits. 

We
 conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
 Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
 we plan
 and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
 statements are free from material misstatement. The Company is not required
 to
 have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
 financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control
 over
 financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
 appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
 opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
 examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
 in
 the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
 significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
 financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
 reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In
 our
 opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
 fairly,
 in all material respects, the financial position of Berliner Communications,
 Inc. and Subsidiaries at June 30, 2007 and 2006, and the results of their
 operations and cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2007 and 2006, and
 the
 six months ended June 30, 2005, and the year ended December 31, 2004, in
 conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 of
 America. 

/s/
 BDO Seidman, LLP 

 Valhalla,
 New York 

 October
 1, 2007 

F-2 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

(Amounts
 in thousands) 

June
 30, 

2007

2006

ASSETS

CURRENT
 ASSETS 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

2,483

534

Accounts
 receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 

of
 261 and 180 at June 30, 2007 and 2006, respectively 

22,911

12,334

Inventories

666

322

Deferred
 tax assets - current 

336

-

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

771

332

27,
 167 

13,522

Property
 and equipment, net 

2,569

566

Amortizable
 intangible assets, net 

960

-

Goodwill

2,270

-

Deferred
 tax assets - long-term 

950 

-

Other
 assets 

387

168

Total
 Assets 

34,303

14,256

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

CURRENT
 LIABILITIES 

Accounts
 payable 

7,399

5,356

Accrued
 liabilities 

6,588

3,909

Accrued
 income taxes 

326 

128

Line
 of credit 

5,537

1,111

Current
 portion of long-term debt 

797

374

Current
 portion of capital lease obligations 

52

33

20,699

10,911

Long-term
 debt, net of current portion 

5,765

163

Long-term
 capital lease obligations, net of current portion 

199

24

Other
 long-term liabilities 

694 

- 

Deferred
 tax liabilities - long-term 

39

-

Total
 liabilities 

27,396

11,098

COMMITMENTS

STOCKHOLDERS'
 EQUITY 

Common
 stock 

-

-

Additional
 paid-in capital 

15,655

13,018

Accumulated
 deficit 

(8,748 

(9,860 

Total
 stockholders' equity 

6,907

3,158

Total
 liabilities and stockholders' equity 

34,303

14,256

The
 accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

F-3 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(Amounts
 in thousands, except per share data)

Year
 Ended 

Year
 ended June 30, 

Six
 Months Ended June 30. 

December
 31, 

2007

2006

2005

2004

2004

(Unaudited)

Revenues

55,
 135 

39,325

10,196

7,422

15,286

Costs
 of revenues 

37,275

28,202

7,339

4,927

9,605

Gross
 margin 

17,860

11,123

2,857

2,495

5,681

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses 

14,614

9,448

3,831

2,940

6,123

Depreciation
 and amortization 

484

247

139

181

343

Gain
 on sale of fixed assets 

(5 

(7 

(23 

(14 

(10 

Income
 (loss) from operations 

2,767 

1,435

(1,090 

(612 

(775 

Other
 (income) expense 

Interest
 expense 

1,238

74

22

19

47

Interest
 income 

(37 

(14 

(5 

(1 

(2 

Financing
 fees 

695 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(Income)
 loss in equity investments 

(41 

(98 

94

-

-

Other

(14 

85

(4 

-

-

Income
 (loss) before income taxes 

926

1,388

(1,197 

(630 

(820 

Income
 tax (benefit) expense 

(186 

133

(7 

(2 

16

Net
 income (loss) 

1,112 

1,255

(1,190 

(628 

(836 

Deemed
 Series B and D preferred dividends 

-

19,936

-

-

-

Net
 income (loss) allocable to common shareholders 

1,112 

(18,681 

(1,190 

(628 

(836 

Net
 income (loss) per share: 

Basic

0.07

(1.38 

(2.36 

(9.31 

(12.41 

Diluted

0.06

(1.38 

(2.36 

(9.31 

(12.41 

Weighted
 average number of shares outstanding: 

Basic

17,035

13,582

504

67

67

Diluted

19,062

13,582

504

67

67

The
 accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

F-4 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

(Amounts
 in thousands except share and per share data)

Preferred
 Stock 

Common
 Stock 

2,000,000
 shares authorized; 

100,000,000
 shares authorized 

Additional

Total

0.00002
 par value 

0.00002
 par value 

Paid-in

Accumulated

Stockholders'

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Equity

Balance
 at December 31, 2003 

- 

- 

20,224,320 

202 

10,531 

(9,023 

1,710 

Net
 loss 

(837 

(837 

Balance
 at December 31, 2004 

- 

- 

20,224,320

202

10,531

(9,860 

873

Deemed
 retroactive stock split to recapitalize 

Berliner
 Communications, Inc. with 147,676,299 common shares, 0.00002 par
 value

- 

- 

127,451,979

(199 

199

-

-

Deemed
 retroactive stock split to recapitalize 

Berliner
 Communications, Inc. with 3,913,669 Series E Preferred shares,
 0.00002
 par value, liquidation preference of 0.26 per share 

3,913,669 

- 

-

-

-

-

-

Deemed
 dividend of Berliner Communications, Inc. 

of
 net assets not transferred in recapitalization 

- 

- 

-

-

-

(65 

(65 

Novo
 Networks, Inc. preferred stock recapitalized 

as
 of February 18, 2005, into 4,500 Series B and 9,473 Series D Preferred
 shares, 0.00002 par value, liquidation preference of 1,000 per
 share

13,973 

- 

-

-

-

-

-

Novo
 Networks, Inc. shareholder equity recapitalized 

as
 of February 18, 2005, into 52,323,701 common shares, 0.00002 par
 value

- 

- 

52,323,701

1

2,188

-

2,189

Reverse
 stock split of one share for every 300 

shares
 on September 16, 2005 

- 

- 

(199,333,333 

(4 

4

-

-

Net
 loss 

- 

- 

-

-

-

(1,190 

(1,190 

Balance
 at June 30, 2005 

3,927,642 

- 

666,667

-

12,922

(11,115 

1,807

Deemed
 dividend in the conversion of Series B 

and
 Series D Convertible Preferred Stock 

(13,973 

- 

996,788,940

20

(20 

-

-

Conversion
 of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock 

(3,913,669 

- 

3,913,668,046

78

(78 

-

-

Reverse
 stock split of one share for every 300 

shares
 of Common Stock on September 16, 2005 

- 

- 

(4,894,088,796 

(98 

98

-

-

Stock
 based compensation expense 

- 

- 

-

-

67

-

67

Issuance
 of warrants for consulting services 

- 

- 

-

-

29

-

29

Net
 income 

-

-

-

-

-

1,255

1,255

Balance
 at June 30, 2006 

-

-

17,034,857

-

13,018

(9,860 

3,158

Exercise
 of stock options 

- 

46,929

- 

- 

- 

-

Stock-based
 compensation expense 

- 

- 

- 

300

- 

300

Value
 of warrants granted with debt 

- 

- 

- 

2,337

- 

2,337

Net
 income 

- 

- 

- 

1,112

1,112

Balance
 at June 30, 2007 

- 

-

17,081,786

-

15,655

(8,748 

6,907

The
 accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

F-5 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Amounts
 in thousands) 

Year
 Ended 

Year
 ended June 30, 

Six
 Months Ended June 30, 

December
 31, 

2007

2006

2005

2004

2004

(Unaudited)

Cash
 flows from operating activities 

Net
 income (loss) 

1,112

1,255

(1,190 

(628 

(836 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash
 (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

484

247

139

181

343

Amortization
 of deferred financing fees 

189 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Loss
 in equity investments 

-

102

94

- 

- 

Bad
 debt expense 

140

104

10

- 

46

Stock
 based compensation 

300

96

- 

- 

- 

Gain
 on sale of equity investment 

-

(200 

- 

- 

- 

Gain
 on sale of fixed assets 

(5 

(7 

(23 

(14 

(10 

Accretion
 of interest from warrants 

509

- 

- 

- 

- 

Financing
 fees 

695 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Deferred
 tax assets, net 

(1,247 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 

(4,212 

(7,177 

(1,886 

2,060

2,065

Inventories

1,039

185

9

34

96

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

39 

185

(47 

112

(54 

Other
 assets 

20 

89

14

(2 

(9 

Accounts
 payable 

(974 

3,146

506

(288 

(285 

Accrued
 liabilities 

649

1,623

808

(881 

(712 

Accrued
 income taxes 

198 

128

(13 

-

(22 

Deferred
 revenues 

-

-

(11 

(9 

9

Net
 cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(1,064 

(224 

(1,590 

565

631

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Purchases
 of property and equipment 

(519 

(293 

(89 

(42 

(80 

Proceeds
 from the sale of property and equipment 

8

18

60

10

25

Proceeds
 from the sale of equity investments 

- 

200

- 

- 

- 

Acquisition
 of Digitcom 

(2,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Acquisition
 of Radian 

(3,630 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Acquisition
 of Comtech 

(98 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

(6,239 

(75 

(29 

(32 

(55 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds
 from line of credit 

23,843

4,809

1,237

701

1,888

Proceeds
 from long-term debt 

6,000

149

30

- 

102

Repayment
 of line of credit 

(19,417 

(4,192 

(1,088 

(1,028 

(1,979 

Repayment
 of long-term debt 

(529 

(282 

(199 

(89 

(181 

Financing
 fees 

(604 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Repayment
 of loan from shareholder 

- 

- 

(102 

- 

- 

Repayment
 of capital leases 

(41 

(53 

(34 

(44 

(90 

Net
 cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

9,252

431

(156 

(460 

(260 

Net
 increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

1,949

132

(1,775 

73

316

Cash
 and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

534

402

454

138

138

Cash
 and cash equivalents acquired 

- 

- 

1,723

- 

- 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at end of period 

2,483

534

402

211

454

The
 accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

F-6 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Amounts
 in thousands) 

Year
 Ended 

Year
 ended June 30, 

Six
 Months Ended June 30, 

December
 31, 

2007

2006

2005

2004

2004

(Unaudited) 

Supplemental
 cash flow information: 

Interest
 paid 

164

74

21

19

47

Income
 taxes paid 

863

6

13

5

10

Non-cash
 investing and financing activities: 

Assets
 purchased under capital leases 

235

61

- 

- 

55

Note
 payable in connection with acquisition of 

Digitcom

1,750

- 

- 

- 

- 

Fair
 value of warrants associated with debt issuances 

and
 professional services 

2,336

- 

- 

- 

- 

The
 accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

F-7 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share
 amounts) 

1. 
 
 Business 

General 

The
 company now known as Berliner Communications, Inc. Berliner , we , us , and
 our was originally incorporated in Delaware in 1987 as Adina, Inc. Adina ).
 Adina s corporate existence was permitted to lapse in February 1996 and was
 subsequently reinstated as eVentures Group, Inc. eVentures in August 1999.
 In December 2000, eVentures changed its name to Novo Networks, Inc.
 Novo ). 

On
 February 18, 2005, Novo entered into an asset purchase agreement with the
 former
 Berliner Communications, Inc. Old Berliner and BCI Communications, Inc.
 BCI ), a Delaware corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiary, whereby BCI
 acquired (the Acquisition the operations and substantially all of the assets
 and liabilities of Old Berliner. In September 2005, Novo changed its name
 to
 Berliner Communications, Inc. 

Since
 the
 Acquisition was settled through the issuance of a controlling interest in
 Novo s
 common stock, Old Berliner was deemed to be the acquirer for accounting
 purposes. Furthermore, since Novo was deemed to be a shell company prior
 to the
 Acquisition, purchase accounting was not applied. Therefore, the transaction
 was
 accounted for as a reverse acquisition and recapitalization of Old Berliner.
 The
 accompanying consolidated financial statements for the six months ended June
 30,
 2005, include the accounts of Old Berliner through February 18, 2005, BCI,
 our
 wholly-owned subsidiary, and us since February 18, 2005. 

Founded
 in 1995, Old Berliner originally provided wireless carriers with comprehensive
 real estate acquisition and zoning services. Over the course of the following
 years, the service offerings were expanded to include radio frequency and
 network design and engineering, infrastructure equipment construction and
 installation, radio transmission base station modification and project
 management services. With the consummation of the Acquisition, BCI carried
 on
 the historical operations of Old Berliner. 

On
 February 19, 2007, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Comtech
 Systems, Inc. 

On
 February 28, 2007, BCI entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Digitcom
 Asset Purchase Agreement with Digital Communication Services, Inc.
 Digitcom and its affiliates for the purchase of certain of its assets in
 Arlington, Texas. This acquisition expanded our presence in Texas and the
 Southeast markets. On April 16, 2007, we entered into an Asset Purchase
 Agreement with Radian Communication Services, Inc. Radian to purchase
 certain of the U.S. assets and operations of Radian and assume certain
 liabilities of Radian (the Wireless Operations of Radian ). This acquisition
 has expanded our presence in the Los Angeles, California, Las Vegas, Nevada,
 and
 Seattle, Washington markets, and adds offices in Salem, Oregon, Tempe,
 Arizona
 and Salt Lake City, Utah. 

The
 results of these acquired businesses have been incorporated into our
 consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition. 

2. 

Summary
 of Significant Accounting
 Policies 

Basis
 of Presentation 

The
 preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to
 make
 estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
 liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
 of
 the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
 during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
 Some of the more significant estimates being made include the allowance for
 doubtful accounts and percentage of completion of construction
 projects. 

F-8 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share
 amounts) 

The
 amounts presented for the six months ended June 30, 2004, in the accompanying
 Consolidated Statement of Operations and Statement of Cash Flows have been
 prepared by us, without audit, pursuant to the interim financial statement
 rules
 and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ).
 In our opinion, the accompanying Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Operations
 and Statement of Cash Flows include all adjustments necessary to present
 fairly
 the results of operations and cash flows for the six months ended June 30,
 2004. 

Principles
 of Consolidation 

The
 consolidated financial statements include our accounts and the accounts of
 our
 wholly-owned subsidiary. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions
 have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents 

We
 consider all highly liquid instruments purchased with an original maturity
 of
 three months or less to be cash equivalents. At June 30, 2007, cash and cash
 equivalents totaled approximately 2.5 million and consisted of bank balances,
 a
 corporate bond and a money market account. We maintain our cash and cash
 equivalents with two financial institutions that, at times, may have amounts
 in
 excess of the FDIC insurance limit. 

Risks
 and Uncertainties 

Financial
 instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk
 consist
 primarily of accounts receivable. We routinely assess the financial strength
 of
 our customers and do not require collateral or other security to support
 customer receivables. Credit losses are provided for in our consolidated
 financial statements in the form of an allowance for doubtful accounts. Our
 allowance for doubtful accounts is based upon the expected collectibility
 of all
 our accounts receivable. We determine our allowance by considering a number
 of
 factors, including the length of time it is past due, our previous loss history
 and the customer s current ability to pay its obligations. Accounts receivable
 are written off when they are considered to be uncollectible and any payments
 subsequently received on such receivables are credited to the allowance for
 doubtful accounts. 

Inventories 

Inventories,
 which consist mainly of parts and raw materials, are stated at the lower
 of cost
 or market. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out method. 

Prepaid
 Expenses and Other Assets 

Prepaid
 expenses are recorded as assets and expensed in the period in which the related
 services are received. At June 30, 2007 and 2006, current prepaid expenses
 and
 other current assets totaled approximately 0.8 million and 0.3 million,
 respectively, and consisted mainly of insurance, deferred financing fees
 and
 rents. Non-current other assets of approximately 0.4 million at June 30,
 2007,
 and 0.2 million at June 30, 2006 are mainly deposits for our office and
 warehouse locations and long-term insurance. 

Property
 and Equipment 

Property
 and equipment consist of automobiles and trucks, computer equipment, equipment
 and software, furniture and fixtures and leasehold improvements. Each class
 of
 asset is recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method
 over
 the estimated useful lives of three to five years. Leasehold improvements
 are
 amortized over the term of the lease or the estimated useful life, whichever
 is
 shorter. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Significant
 renewals and betterments are capitalized. At the time of retirement or other
 disposition of property and equipment, the cost and accumulated depreciation
 are
 removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in
 operations. 

F-9 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share amounts) 

Long-lived
 Assets 

We
 assess
 the recoverability of long-lived assets, including goodwill, by determining
 whether the net book value of the assets can be recovered through projected
 undiscounted future cash flows. The amount of impairment, if any, is measured
 based on fair value and is charged to operations in the period in which the
 impairment occurs. 

Equity
 Investments 

Subsidiaries
 whose results are not consolidated, but over whom we exercise significant
 influence, are generally accounted for under the equity method of accounting.
 Whether we exercise significant influence with respect to a subsidiary depends
 on an evaluation of several factors, including, without limitation,
 representation on the subsidiary s governing board and ownership level, which is
 generally a 20 to 50 interest in the voting securities of the subsidiary,
 including voting rights associated with our holdings in common stock, preferred
 stock and other convertible instruments in the subsidiary. Under the equity
 method of accounting, the subsidiary s accounts are not reflected in our
 consolidated financial statements. Our proportionate share of a subsidiary s
 operating earnings and losses are included in the caption (Income) loss in
 equity investments in our consolidated statements of operations. During the
 year ended June 30, 2006, we sold our equity investment in Paciugo Management,
 LLC for a gain (see Note 6 - Equity Investments). 

Revenue
 Recognition 

Revenue
 from radio frequency and network design and engineering, infrastructure
 equipment construction and installation, radio transmission base station
 modifications and project management services is recognized as work is
 performed. Revenue from real estate acquisition and zoning services is
 recognized under the completed contract method of accounting. Revenue associated
 with multiple element contracts reflects the relative fair value of the services
 included in the contract. Revenue from infrastructure equipment construction
 and
 installation contracts, which are generally completed within 90 days, is
 recorded under the percentage-of-completion method based on the estimated
 percentage that total direct costs incurred to date bear to estimated total
 costs at completion. Losses on infrastructure equipment construction and
 installation contracts are recognized when such losses become
 known. 

Unbilled
 receivables represent revenues on uncompleted infrastructure equipment
 construction and installation contracts that are not yet billed or billable,
 pursuant to contract terms. 

Income
 Taxes 

We
 account for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax
 assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences
 attributable to differences between the carrying amounts of existing assets
 and
 liabilities in the financial statements and their respective tax bases. Deferred
 tax assets and liabilities are measured using applicable tax rates expected
 to
 apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
 are
 expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on the deferred tax assets
 and
 liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the Statement of
 Operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance
 is provided for significant deferred tax assets when it is more likely than
 not
 that such assets will not be recovered. 

F-10 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share amounts) 

Stock-based
 Compensation 

Historically,
 Old Berliner applied the intrinsic value based method of accounting prescribed
 by Accounting Principle Board Opinion No. 25, Accounting
 for Stock Issued to Employees ,
 and
 related interpretations, in accounting for our employee-based stock options
 plan. As such, compensation expense would be recorded on the date of grant
 only
 if the current market price of the underlying stock exceeded the exercise
 price.
 Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 123, Accounting
 for Stock-Based Compensation ,
 SFAS
 123 established accounting and disclosure requirements using a fair value
 based method of accounting for stock-based compensation. As permitted by
 SFAS
 123, Old Berliner elected to continue to apply the intrinsic value based
 method
 of accounting for its employee-based stock option grants and adopted the
 disclosure requirements of SFAS 123. 

During
 2004 and through the date of the Acquisition, Old Berliner did not grant
 any
 stock options under its plans. The holders of Old Berliner s plans forfeited all
 of their stock options 90 days after the Acquisition date due to all of the
 employees becoming employees of Berliner. There were no stock options granted
 from the Acquisition to June 30, 2005. During the years ended June 30, 2007
 and
 2006, we granted stock options totaling 1,091,526 and 530,300 shares,
 respectively, under our plans. 

Prior
 to
 July 31, 2005, we adopted the disclosure-only provisions of SFAS 123. SFAS
 123
 required pro forma information to be presented as if we had accounted for
 the
 stock options during the fiscal periods presented using the fair value method.
 The fair value of options granted during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2005
 were estimated as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing
 model with the following weighted average assumptions: expected volatility
 of
 48.6 , expected dividend yield of 0 , risk-free interest rate of 3.88 and
 an
 expected life of 10 years. 

For
 purposes of pro forma disclosures related to prior years, the estimated fair
 values of the options are amortized to expense over the options vesting period
 of one to three years. 

Year
 Ended 

Six
 Months Ended June 30, 

December
 31, 

2005 

2004 

2004 

Pro
 forma net loss 

(Unaudited) 

Net
 loss allocable to common shareholders, as reported 

(1,190 

(628 

(836 

Less:
 stock-based compensation determined under fair value based method

(13 

-

-

Net
 loss allocable to common shareholders, pro forma 

(1,203 

(628 

(836 

Net
 loss per share, as reported 

(2.36 

(9.31 

(12.41 

Net
 loss per share, pro forma 

(2.36 

(9.31 

(12.41 

In
 December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued SFAS No.
 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based
 Payment, 
 (SFAS
 123R) which requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants
 of
 employee stock options, to be recognized in the financial statements based
 on
 fair values (i.e. pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative to financial
 statement recognition). SFAS 123R is effective for public companies at the
 beginning of the first interim or annual period beginning after December
 15,
 2005. This required us to adopt SFAS 123R effective July 1, 2005. We elected
 to
 adopt SFAS 123R using a modified prospective application, whereby the provisions
 of the statement are applied going forward only from the date of adoption
 to new
 (issued subsequent to July 1, 2005) stock option awards, and for the portion
 of
 any previously issued and outstanding stock option awards for which the
 requisite service is rendered after the date of adoption (all of our previously
 issued options had fully vested prior to July 1, 2005). 

F-11 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share amounts) 

In
 addition, compensation expense must be recognized for any awards modified,
 repurchased, or cancelled after the date of adoption. Under the modified
 prospective application, no restatement of previously issued results is
 required. 

The
 fair
 value of each option award is estimated on the date of the grant using the
 Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expected volatilities are based on
 historical volatility of WPCS International, which is another company in
 our
 industry sector with similar revenue streams. We use historical data to estimate
 an option s expected life. The risk free interest rate input is based on the
 market yield on United States Treasury securities at 5-year constant maturity
 in
 effect at the time of the grant. Compensation costs, net of forfeitures,
 is
 recognized on a straight-line basis over the period between the grant and
 vesting dates. 

The
 following weighted average assumptions used for purposes of determining the
 fair
 value were as follows: 

2007 

2006 

Expected
 volatility 

70 
 - 78 

75 

Expected
 dividend yield 

0 

0 

Risk-free
 interest rate 

4.51 -5.01 

4.39 -5.04 

Expected
 life 

5
 Years 

5.5
 Years 

The
 adoption of SFAS 123R did not have a significant impact on our overall results
 of operations or financial position. 

Earnings
 per Share 

Basic
 earnings per share are computed by dividing income available to common
 shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding
 during
 the period. Diluted earnings per share are computed by dividing income available
 to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares that
 would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been
 issued. The dilutive effect of the outstanding options and warrants would
 be
 reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock
 method. 

The
 following table sets forth the computations of basic earnings per share and
 diluted earnings per share: 

Year
 Ended 

Year
 ended June 30, 

Six
 Months Ended June 30, 

December
 31, 

2007

2006

2005

2004

2004

Basic
 earnings per share: 

Numerator:

Net
 income (loss) allocable to common shareholders 

1,112

(18,681 

(1,190 

(628 

(836 

Denominator:

Weighted
 average common shares outstanding 

17,035

13,582

504

67

67

Net
 income (loss) per share - basic 

0.
 07 

(1.38 

(2.36 

(9.31 

(12.41 

Diluted
 earnings per share: 

Numerator:

Net
 income (loss) allocable to common shareholders 

1,112

(18,681 

(1,190 

(628 

(836 

Denominator:

Weighted
 average common shares outstanding 

17,035

13,582

504

67

67

Effect
 of dilutive securities: 

Stock
 options 

528

-

-

-

-

Warrants

1,499

-

-

-

-

Weighted
 average common shares outstanding- 

assuming
 dilution 

19,062

13,582

504

67

67

Net
 income (loss) per share - diluted 

0.06

(1.38 

(2.36 

(9.31 

(12.41 

F-12 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share
 amounts) 

Common
 share equivalents consist of stock options and warrants using the treasury
 stock
 method. For the year ended June 30, 2007, 452,026 stock options and 5,454,545
 shares convertible upon conversion of our 7 Notes were excluded from the
 computation of diluted net income per share because the exercise price of
 these
 were greater than the average market price of the Company s common stock during
 the period, and therefore the effect is antidilutive. 

Recently
 Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In
 June
 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48, Accounting
 for Uncertainty in Income Taxes - an interpretation of FASF Statement No.
 109, 
 (FIN
 48), which establishes that the financial statement effects of a tax position
 taken or expected to be taken in a tax return are to be recognized in the
 financial statements when it is more likely than not, based on the technical
 merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination. FIN 48 is
 effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. We do not believe
 that the adoption of FIN 48 will have a material impact on our results from
 operations or financial position. 

In
 September 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
 Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 157, Fair
 Value Measurements 
 ("SFAS
 157") which is intended to increase consistency and comparability in fair
 value
 measurements by defining fair value, establishing a framework for measuring
 fair
 value and expanding disclosures about fair value measurements. SFAS No. 157
 is
 effective for financial statements issued for the fiscal years beginning
 after
 November 15, 2007, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company
 is
 in the process of evaluating this guidance and therefore has not yet determined
 the impact, if any, that SFAS 157 will have on its consolidated financial
 statements upon adoption. 

In
 September 2006, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108, Considering
 the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements,
 SAB
 108 ). SAB 108 provides interpretive guidance on how the effects of the
 carryover or reversal of prior year misstatements should be considered in
 quantifying a current year misstatement. Specifically, SAB 108 states that
 registrants should quantify errors using both a balance sheet and income
 statement approach and evaluate whether either approach results in quantifying
 a
 misstatement that, when all relevant quantitative factors are considered,
 is
 material. SAB 108 is effective for fiscal years ending after November 15,
 2006.
 The adoption of SAB 108 did not have a material impact on our results of
 operations or financial position. 

In
 February 2007, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No.
 159, The
 Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
 ("SFAS
 159"). This statement permits companies to choose to measure many financial
 assets and liabilities at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on items
 for
 which the fair value option has been elected are reported in earnings. SFAS
 159
 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007. The Company
 is
 in the process of evaluating this guidance and therefore has not yet determined
 the impact, if any, that SFAS 159 will have on its consolidated financial
 statements upon adoption. 

F-13 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share
 amounts) 

3. 

Accounts
 Receivable 

Accounts
 receivable at June 30, 2007 and 2006 consist of the following: 

June
 30, 

2007

2006

Accounts
 receivable 

17,727

9,723

Unbilled
 receivables 

5,445

2,791

23,172

12,514

Allowance
 for doubtful accounts 

(261 

(180 

Total

22,911

12,334

Unbilled
 receivables represent the value of services rendered to customers which have
 not
 yet been billed to customers as of the balance sheet date. Unbilled receivables
 are generally billed within three months upon the completion of
 services. 

The
 allowance for doubtful accounts for the year ended December 31, 2004, the
 six
 months ended June 30, 2005 and the years ended June 30, 2006 and 2007 consisted
 of the following: 

Balance
 at 

Recoveries/

Balance
 at 

Beginning

Charged
 to 

Deductions/

End
 of 

of
 Period 

Expense

Write-offs

Period

Allowance
 for doubtful accounts 

Year
 ended December 31, 2004 

148 

46

(88 

106

Six
 months ended June 30, 2005 

106 

10

(24 

92

Year
 ended June 30, 2006 

92 

104

(16 

180

Year
 ended June 30, 2007 

180 

140

(59 

261

F-14 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share
 amounts) 

4. 

Property
 and Equipment 

Property
 and equipment at June 30, 2007 and 2006 consisted of the following: 

June
 30, 

2007

2006

Automobiles
 and trucks 

1,559

616

Furniture
 and fixtures 

427

255

Equipment

2,622

1,844

Computer
 equipment and software 

143

93

Buildings

313

-

Leasehold
 improvements 

118

119

5,182

2,927

Less:
 Accumulated depreciation 

(2,703 

(2,361 

2,479

566

Land

90

-

Total

2,569

566

Depreciation
 on property and equipment for the years ended June 30, 2007 and 2006 was
 approximately 0.4 million and 0.2 million, respectively. 

5. 

Long-Lived
 Assets 

Long-lived
 assets include amortizable intangible assets consisting of customer
 relationships and covenants not to compete. These assets, together with
 goodwill, were the result of the allocation of the purchase price for the
 Digitcom and Radian acquisitions. See note 13 for a more detailed discussion
 of
 these acquisitions. Amortization expense related to amortizable intangible
 assets was 0.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2007 and 0 for earlier
 periods, since the acquisition took place during Fiscal 2007. 

Intangible
 assets subject to amortization are amortized based upon the assets estimated
 useful lives. Customer relationships and covenants not to compete have estimated
 useful lives of approximately 3.75 years. 

Scheduled
 amortization charges for the intangible assets, as of June 30, 2007 are as
 follows: 

2008

313 

2009

284

2010

240

2011

123

2012 

- 

Total

960 

6. 

Equity
 Investments 

Previously,
 we had a minority equity interest in Ad Astra Holdings LP, a Texas limited
 partnership, and Paciugo Management LLC, a Texas limited liability company
 and
 the sole general partner of Ad Astra (collectively Paciugo ). During the year
 ended June 30, 2006, we recorded income of approximately 0.1 million from
 our
 equity investment composed of 0.1 million of our share of gains and losses
 and
 a gain from the sale of our interest of 0.2 million. 

F-15 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share amounts) 

7. 

Accrued
 Liabilities 

Accrued
 liabilities at June 30, 2007 and 2006 consisted of the following: 

June
 30, 

2007

2006

Employee
 compensation 

874

536

Construction
 costs 

5,018

3,179

Other

696

194

6,588

3,909

Included
 in other accrued liabilities is a potential liability for state sales tax.
 In
 January of 2007, we received an informal notice of assessment in the amount
 of
 1.8 million including unpaid taxes, penalties and interest for the years
 1998
 to 2004. We had previously recorded 0.2 million in the year ended June 30,
 2006
 related to these potential taxes. We have reviewed their findings and believe
 that certain items that they deemed subject to tax were exempt. Accordingly,
 we
 increased our estimated reserve in the quarter ended December 31, 2006 to
 0.6
 million based on our revised best estimate of the potential liability and
 continue to maintain that level of reserve at June 30, 2007. 

8. 

Income
 Taxes 

Income
 tax expense differed from amounts computed by applying the U.S. federal tax
 rate
 of 34 to pre-tax income as a result of the following: 

Six
 Months 

Year 

Ended 

Ended 

Year
 ended June 30, 

June
 30, 

December
 31, 

2007

2006

2005 

2004 

Tax
 expense at statutory rate of 34 

315 

472

(407 

(279 

Increase
 (decrease) in valuation allowance against deferred tax assets

(738 

(506 

429

305

State
 income tax expense, net of federal income tax benefit 

11 

82

(71 

(74 

Meals 
 and Entertainment 

24 

- 

- 

- 

Financing
 Fees 

236 

- 

- 

- 

Other,
 net 

(34 

85

42

64

(186 

133

(7 

16

The
 following summarizes the (benefit) provision for income taxes: 

Six
 Months 

Year
 Ended 

Year
 ended
 June 30, 

Ended
 June 30, 

December
 31 , 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Current:

Federal

858 

133 

(7 

16

State

203

- 

- 

- 

Total
 Current 

1,061

133

(7 

16

Deferred

Federal

(1,124 

-

-

- 

State

(123 

- 

-

- 

Total
 Deferred 

(1,247 

-

-

-

(Benefit)
 provision for income taxes 

(186 

133 

(7 

16

F-16 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share amounts) 

The
 tax
 effects of temporary differences that give rise to deferred tax assets and
 liabilities at June 30, 2007 and 2006 are as follows: 

Balance
 at June 30, 

2007

2006 

Deferred
 Tax Assets 

Federal 

State 

Total 

Current:

Allowance
 for doubtful accounts 

89 

15

104

72

Allowance
 for obsolete inventory reserve 

37 

7

44

26

NOL
 Carryforward 

-

-

-

64

Accrued
 Bonus 

136

24

160

-

AMT
 Carryforward 

28

-

28

28

290

46

336

190

Non-Current:

Stock-based
 compensation 

129

23

152

38

NOL
 Carryforward 

391

- 

391 

510

Accrued
 Sales Tax 

145

25

170

-

Accretion
 of debt discount 

173

30

203

-

Customer
 list amortization 

27

5

32

-

Covenant
 amortization 

1

1

2

-

866 

84 

950 

548

Total
 Deferred Tax Assets 

1,156 

130 

1,286 

738

Deferred
 Tax Liabilities 

Long-Term

Goodwill
 Amortization 

15

3

18

-

Depreciation
 Expense 

18

3

21

-

Total
 Deferred Tax Liabilities 

33

6

39 

-

1,123 

124 

1,247 

738

Less:
 valuation allowance 

-

-

-

(738 

Net
 deferred tax assets 

1,123 

124 

1,247 

-

F-17 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share
 amounts) 

In
 assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, we consider whether it
 is
 more likely than not for some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
 not
 be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent
 upon
 the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those
 temporary differences become deductible. 

In
 prior
 years, in accordance with the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards
 Board
 Statement No. 109 Accounting for Income Taxes (FASB 109), the Company has
 reduced its deferred tax assets and liabilities through the use of a valuation
 allowance because, in the opinion of management, based on the information
 available to it at the time, it was more likely than not that the benefits
 to be
 derived from these assets would not be realized. This opinion was based,
 among
 other things, by the history of net losses. 

Based
 on
 information currently available to BCI management, it now appears more likely
 than not that these net deferred tax assets will be realized. 

Therefore,
 in accordance with the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board
 Statement No. 154 Accounting
 Changes and Error Corrections - a replacement of APB Opinion No. 20 and FASB
 Statement No. 3 
 (FASB
 154), BCI management has determined that the cumulative effect of future
 tax
 benefits derived from activity in the current and prior years shall be reflected
 in the financial statements of the Company effective as of June 30, 2007.
 The
 effect of this change in accounting estimate is as follows: 

For
 the Year Ended June 30, 2007 

Before

After

Change

Change

Change

Income
 from operations 

2,767

-

2,767

Net
 income 

374 

738

1,112 

Net
 income per common share: 

Basic

0.03

0.04

0.07

Diluted

0.02

0.04

0.06

We
 have
 net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes
 of
 approximately 1.2 million expiring in 2026, which may be applied against
 future taxable income. We can only utilize approximately 64 thousand per
 year due to limitations as a result of the Acquisition. 

F-18 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share
 amounts) 

9. 

Revolving
 Credit Facility 

In
 September 2003, we entered into a revolving credit facility with Presidential
 Financial Corporation of Delaware Valley Presidential ). On April 3, 2007, we
 amended this facility to, among other things, increase the availability under
 the credit facility to 8.0 million. The credit facility is available for
 working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. The
 credit
 facility interest rate is prime plus one and one-half percent (1.5 ). As
 of June
 30, 2007, the prime rate was 8.25 . In addition, we pay .25 per month on
 the
 average daily balance. 

The
 credit facility is secured by substantially all of BCI s assets and a guarantee
 from Berliner. The balance outstanding at June 30, 2007 and 2006 was 5.5
 million and 1.1 million, respectively. The revolving credit facility has
 a term
 of twelve months and currently matures on April 3, 2008, and we can elect
 to
 renew on a month-to-month basis thereafter. 

10. 

Long-Term
 Debt 

Long-term
 debt at June 30, 2007 and 2006 consisted of the following: 

June
 30, 

2007

2006

7 
 Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible Notes due December 29,
 2008

in
 the original principal amount of 6.0 million, convertible at 1.10
 per
 share 

less
 unamortized debt discount plus accreted interest 

4,628

- 

Note
 payable to J J Leasing due February 2010, at Prime Rate

1,604

- 

Loans
 payable to financing companies, payable in monthly installments
 of 10
 thousand, 

interest
 ranging from 0 to 11.2 annually, due August 2008 through March
 2011,

secured
 by automobiles 

330

213

Notes
 payable to Greenhill Capital Partners LP and PWIBD Partners LP
 issued

in
 2003, maturing March, 2007 

-

323

Capital
 leases (Note 11) 

251

57

6,813

593

Less
 current portion 

(849) 

(406) 

5,964

187

Note
 Purchase Agreement 

On
 December 29, 2006, we entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the Note Purchase
 Agreement with Sigma Opportunity Fund, LLC Sigma for the issuance and sale
 of a 7 Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible Note due on December 29,
 2008,
 in the original principal amount of 3.0 million (the Note convertible at
 1.10 per share (subject to adjustment) and a warrant to purchase up to 1.5
 million shares of our common stock with a strike price of 0.01 (the Warrant ).

On
 February 2, 2007, we entered into a Joinder Agreement to the Note Purchase
 Agreement with Pacific Asset Partners, LLC Pacific and Operis Partners I,
 LLC Operis and issued a second 7 Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible
 Note due on December 29, 2008 in the original principal amount of 1.0
 million
 and a warrant to purchase up to 500,000 shares of our common stock (with
 a fair
 value of 0.4 million) to Pacific, and a third 7 Senior Subordinated Secured
 Convertible Note due on December 29, 2008 in the original principal amount
 of
 0.5 million and a warrant to purchase up to 250,000 shares of our common
 stock
 (with a fair value of 0.2 million) to Operis, all on substantially the
 same
 terms as the Note and Warrant issued to Sigma. 

On
 February 15, 2007, we entered into a Joinder
 Agreement to the Note Purchase Agreement with Sigma Berliner, LLC Sigma
 Berliner to issue a fourth 7 Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible Note due
 on December 29, 2008 in the original principal amount of 1.5 million (the
 Sigma Berliner Note and a warrant to purchase up to 750,000 shares of our
 common stock (with a fair value of 0.6 million) to Sigma Berliner, also
 on
 substantially the same terms as the Note and Warrant issued to
 Sigma. 

Pursuant
 to the Note Purchase Agreement, we agreed to register the shares of common
 stock
 issuable upon conversion of the Note and upon exercise of the Warrant and
 the
 Additional Warrants (collectively, the Registrable Shares for resale under
 the Securities Act. We agreed to file with the SEC a Registration Statement
 with
 respect to the Registrable Shares, which was filed with the SEC on March
 19,
 2007, and to cause the Registration Statement to become effective on or before
 June 15, 2007. 

F-19 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share amounts) 

We
 are
 liable for liquidated damages under the following circumstances (each, a
 Registration Event ): 

If
 the Registration Statement is not declared effective by the SEC
 on or
 prior to June 15, 2007; 

If,
 after the effective date of the Registration Statement, sales cannot
 be
 made under the Registration Statement, except in certain
 situations; 

If,
 after the date on which our securities are listed or included for
 quotation on any of the Over-the Counter Bulletin Board, the American
 Stock Exchange, NASDAQ or the New York Stock Exchange (each, a
 Trading
 Market ), our common stock, or the Registrable Securities specifically,
 are not listed or included for quotation on a Trading Market, or
 the
 trading of our common stock is suspended or halted for five or
 more days
 on the Trading Market on which our common stock principally trades;
 or 

If
 we fail, refuse or are otherwise unable to timely issue common
 stock to
 Sigma upon conversion of the Note or exercise of the Warrant or
 Additional
 Warrants, or if we fail, refuse or are otherwise unable to timely
 transfer
 any such shares as required under the Note Purchase Agreement or
 any
 related document executed
 therewith. 

We
 were
 unable to have the Registration Statement declared effective by the Securities
 and Exchange Commission prior to June 15, 2007. Therefore, pursuant to the
 Note
 Purchase Agreement, we became subject to liquidated damages equal to 2 of the
 aggregate purchase price paid by each purchaser for each of the first six
 months
 that we failed to meet the requirement. On September 27, 2007, we signed
 a
 Waiver and Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement with the noteholders whereby
 the
 noteholders agreed to waive this damages provision in exchange for our agreement
 to lower the conversion price of the Notes from 1.10 to 1.00 per share.
 Pursuant to this Waiver and Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement, we have
 agreed
 to continue to use our best efforts to register the shares underlying the
 Notes
 and the associated warrants, and to maintain the effectiveness of any
 registration statement we file with respect to these shares. Refer to Note
 21 -
 Subsequent Events. 

In
 connection with the Note Purchase Agreement, on February 8, 2007 we amended
 our
 certificate of incorporation to increase the number of shares of our authorized
 common stock from 20,000,000 shares to 100,000,000 shares. 

F-20 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share amounts) 

In
 connection with the Sigma note, the Pacific note, the Operis note and the
 Sigma
 Berliner note, we recorded debt discounts equal to the fair value of the
 warrants associated with such notes as follows: 

Loan

Face

Warrants

Debt

Amount

Issued

Discount

Sigma
 note 

3,000

1,500,000

753

Pacific
 note 

1,000

500,000

376

Operis
 note 

500

250,000

188

Sigma
 Berliner note 

1,500

750,000

564

6,000

3,000,000

1,881

We
 reduced the carrying value of these notes on the books accordingly with the
 corresponding entries to paid-in capital. We will accrete these amounts over
 the
 lives of the notes, charging interest expense whereby the notes balances
 will
 equal the face amounts at December 29, 2008. If we default on a note, or
 a note
 is otherwise accelerated, we will charge the balance remaining at that time
 to
 interest expense. 

The
 Sigma
 note, the Pacific note, the Operis note and the Sigma Berliner note are each
 junior to our existing 8.0 million line of credit with Presidential. We
 will
 make periodic payments of interest throughout the lives of the
 notes. 

In
 connection with Waiver and Amendment to Note Purchase Agreements, the number
 of
 common shares issuable upon conversion changed as follows: 

Number
 of shares 

Issued
 to 

Original 

Revised 

Sigma
 Opportunity Fund, LLC 

2,727,273

3,000,000

Pacific
 Asset Partners, LP 

909,091

1,000,000

Operis
 Partners I, LLC 

454,545

500,000

Sigma
 Berliner, LLC 

1,363,636

1,500,000

5,454,545

6,000,000

11. 

Capitalized
 Leases 

We
 have
 entered into capital leases for certain automobiles and trucks. As of June
 30,
 2007 and 2006, the total cost of the vehicles was approximately 0.5 million
 and
 0.4 million, respectively, and the related accumulated depreciation was
 approximately 0.2 million and 0.3 million, respectively. 

The
 following is a schedule of future minimum lease payments under capital leases
 as
 of June 30, 2007: 

2008

76 

2009

68

2010

66

2011

57

2012

47

Thereafter

1

315

Amounts
 representing interest 

64 

Future
 minimum lease payments 

251 

F-21 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share
 amounts) 

12. 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 

Operating
 Leases 

We
 lease
 office and warehouse space under various operating leases. Rent expense for
 the
 years ended June 30, 2007 and 2006 was approximately 0.8 million and 0.6
 million, respectively. 

Minimum
 future amounts due under operating leases are as follows: 

2008

769 

2009

288

2010

156

1,213 

Legal
 Proceedings 

We
 are
 involved in legal proceedings from time to time, none of which we believe,
 if
 decided adversely to us, would have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition or results of operations. 

13. 

Acquisitions 

Digitcom

On
 February 28, 2007 (the Digitcom Closing Date ), BCI entered into an Asset
 Purchase Agreement (the Digitcom Asset Purchase Agreement with Digital
 Communication Services, Inc., a Texas corporation Digitcom ), J J Leasing
 Partnership, a Texas general partnership J J ), and the shareholders of
 Digitcom for the purchase of certain assets, excluding cash and receivables,
 of
 Digitcom and property of J J. 

Pursuant
 to the Digitcom Asset Purchase Agreement, BCI acquired certain of Digitcom s
 assets, except for cash and accounts receivable (the Purchased Assets ). In
 exchange for the Purchased Assets, among other things: 

BCI
 made an initial cash payment of 2.0
 million 

BCI
 executed a limited recourse promissory note in the aggregate principal
 amount of 1.75 million (the Note to J J. The Note bears an annual
 interest rate at the prime rate and is due and payable in quarterly
 installments for a three-year period ending on the third anniversary
 of
 the Digitcom Closing Date. The Note is secured by land and buildings
 purchased from J J evidenced by a Deed of Trust made for the benefit
 of J J (the Deed of Trust 

We
 issued Digitcom a warrant to purchase up to 500,000 shares of our
 common
 stock, par value 0.00002 per share (the Common Stock at a per share
 exercise price of 0.73 (the Digitcom Warrants ), which was valued at
 approximately 0.2 million using the Black-Scholes option pricing
 model
 with the following assumptions: dividend yield of 0 ; risk-free
 interest
 rate of 4.69 ; volatility rate of 72 , and; estimated life of 5
 years;
 and 

Digitcom
 and J J granted BCI a limited, exclusive license to use the name
 Digitcom for a period of one year from the Digitcom Closing Date for
 certain business-related purposes. 

In
 addition to the foregoing, BCI agreed to pay the Digitcom Shareholders an
 additional 1.0 million in three annual installments of 0.3 million (each,
 a
 Contingent Purchase Price Payment if the following conditions are
 met: 

certain
 performance objectives related to the combined operating results
 of the
 Digitcom business and our existing business in Texas (the Texas
 Business and 

the
 Digitcom Shareholders are employed by BCI on each of March 1, 2008,
 2009
 and 2010, unless terminated with cause , as such term is defined in each
 Digitcom Shareholder s respective employment agreement with
 BCI. 

F-22 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share
 amounts) 

For
 purposes of determining whether the Digitcom Shareholders have earned a
 Contingent Purchase Price Payment, the operating results for the Texas Business
 will be measured for the twelve month periods ending on February 29, 2008,
 2009
 and February 28, 2010, respectively (each, a Measurement Period ). If the
 Digitcom Shareholders earn a Contingent Purchase Price Payment in any period,
 BCI is obligated to make such payment to the Digitcom Shareholders within
 thirty
 days of the end of the applicable Measurement Period. 

The
 transaction was recorded as a purchase of a business that included real estate,
 vehicles and equipment, and inventory. The
 allocation of the purchase price is a preliminary allocation to identifiable
 net
 assets acquired with the excess to goodwill, and was based on an outside
 appraisal. The company is considering a potential adjustment to the purchase
 price allocation based on a review of the value of the customer relationships
 and covenants not to compete acquired from Digitcom. The Company does not
 believe these amounts will be material. The
 allocation of the purchase price was as follows: 

Land
 and building 

402 

Vehicles
 and equipment 

357

Inventory

325

Customer
 relationships 

544

Covenants
 not to compete 

523

Goodwill

1,840

3,991 

Comtech
 Systems 

On
 February 19, 2007, BCI acquired substantially all of the assets of Comtech
 Systems, Inc., a specialty communications services provider located in Dayton,
 New Jersey, for approximately 0.1 million cash plus a commitment to pay
 an
 additional 40 thousand so long as the principal of Comtech remains an employee
 of ours through August 20, 2007. 

Radian
 Communication Services 

On
 April
 16, 2007, BCI entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Radian Communication
 Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation Radian to purchase certain of the
 U.S. assets and operations of Radian and assume certain liabilities of
 Radian. 

The
 transaction was recorded as a purchase of a business that included accounts
 receivable, work in process, vehicles and equipment, and inventory. The purchase
 price, after post-closing adjustments, was 8.8 million, 3.9 million of
 which
 was paid in cash 3.3 million to the seller and 0.6 million into an escrow
 account). We expect that approximately 0.2 million will be released to us
 from
 the escrow account at final settlement, pursuant to the terms of the Asset
 Purchase Agreement with Radian. An additional 2.0 million will be paid to
 the
 seller as receivables are collected. BCI also assumed, after post-closing
 adjustments, 3.2 million in accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities. 

The
 allocation of the purchase price was as follows: 

Accounts
 receivable 

6,504 

Work
 in process 

1,076

Vehicles
 and equipment 

801

Goodwill

388

Other
 assets 

59

Total
 assets acquired 

8,828 

Liabilities
 assumed 

(3,173 

Total
 cash paid or to be paid 

5,655 

F-23 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share
 amounts) 

The
 following table summarizes the unaudited pro forma financial information
 for the
 years ended June 30, 2006 and 2007 assuming the Digitcom and Radian acquisitions
 had occurred on July 1, 2005. The Digitcom fiscal year end was December 31.
 The
 unaudited pro forma financial information uses data corresponding to Berliner s
 reporting period. This unaudited pro forma financial information does not
 represent what would have occurred if the transactions had taken place on
 July
 1, 2005 and does not reflect our future combined results of operations or
 financial position. 

For
 the Years Ended June 30, 

2007

2006

(Unaudited)

Sales

78,144

66,282

Net
 income (loss) 

(821) 
 
 (17,261) 

Net
 income per share: 

basic
 and diluted 

(0.05) 
 
 (1.27) 

14. 

Recapitalization 

In
 connection with the Acquisition (Note 1), we entered into a voting agreement
 (the Voting Agreement with Old Berliner as a holder of a majority of our
 common stock, as sole holder of our newly issued Series E Preferred Stock,
 as
 sole holder of our Series D Preferred Stock and more than two-thirds holder
 of
 our Series B Preferred Stock. The Voting Agreement provided for, among other
 things, the approval of certain amendments to our Certificate of Incorporation
 and the Certificates of Designation for the Series B Preferred Stock and
 the
 Series D Preferred Stock (the Recapitalization ). 

As
 part
 of the Recapitalization, we recorded a deemed dividend of approximately 19.9
 million on the conversion of the Series B and Series D Preferred Stock due
 to
 the reduction in the conversion price that appears on the accompanying
 Consolidated Statement of Operations in computing the net loss allocable
 to
 common shareholders in the six months ended December 31, 2005. The deemed
 dividend on the Series B and D Convertible Preferred Stock was recorded as
 the
 excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred to the preferred
 shareholders as of the date of the Voting Agreement over the carrying value
 of
 the preferred stock on our balance sheet prior to the conversion. This amount
 is
 deemed to represent a return to the preferred shareholders and therefore
 is
 treated in a manner similar to dividends paid to holders of preferred stock
 in
 the calculation of earnings per share. 

15. 

Employee
 Benefit Plan 

Berliner
 maintains a defined contribution plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal
 Revenue Code. Under the plans, employees may elect to defer a percentage
 of
 their salary, subject to defined limitations. Both entities retain the right
 to
 provide for a discretionary matching contribution in addition to discretionary
 contributions based upon participants salaries. We did not make any matching or
 discretionary contributions to our plans in the year ended June 30, 2006.
 We
 accrued for voluntary matching or discretionary contributions totaling 52
 thousand for the year ended June 30, 2007. 

16. 

Concentration
 of Credit Risk 

As
 of and
 for the year ended June 30, 2007, we derived 87 of our total revenues from
 our
 two largest customers, and those customers represented 77 of our accounts
 receivable. Of those customers, both of them individually represented greater
 than 5 of net revenues, and one of them represented greater than 10 of
 net
 revenues for the period. During the year ended June 30, 2007, Sprint Nextel
 Corporation represented 80 and T-Mobile USA, Inc. represented 7 . 

F-24 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share
 amounts) 

As
 of and
 for the year ended June 30, 2006, we had four customers that collectively
 represented approximately 83 of our net revenues and 83 of our accounts
 receivable. Of those customers, all of them individually represented greater
 than 5 of net revenues, and three of them represented greater than 10 of
 net
 revenues for the period. During the year ended June 30, 2006, Sprint Nextel
 Corporation represented 43 , T-Mobile USA, Inc. represented 20 , General
 Dynamics Corporation represented 12 and Metro PCS Communications, Inc.
 represented 8 of net revenues. 

17. 

Related
 Party Transactions 

We
 contract with RBI Real Estate, LLC RBI for the lease of certain vehicles
 used in our operations. This contract resulted in payments to RBI in an amount
 equal to 95 thousand and 97 thousand during the years ended June 30, 2007
 and
 2006, respectively. Our current Chief Executive Officer, a major beneficial
 owner of us, and a former senior executive officer of Old Berliner own RBI
 equally. 

In
 addition, pursuant to the provisions of the Note Purchase Agreement described
 in
 Note 10, so long as the Note remains outstanding or Sigma beneficially owns
 at
 least 5 of our outstanding common stock, Sigma has the right to nominate
 one
 director to our Board of Directors. On December 29, 2006, Sigma nominated,
 and
 our Board of Directors appointed, Thom Waye to serve as a member of our Board
 of
 Directors as a Class III director, with his term expiring at the 2008 annual
 meeting. We are obligated to use our best efforts to cause Mr. Waye, as well
 as
 all reasonably suited future designees, to continue to serve on our Board
 of
 Directors. We paid Sigma Capital Advisors a one-time fee of 0.1 million
 for
 business, finance and organizational strategy, advisory, consulting and other
 services related to our business for as long as the Note is outstanding,
 and
 issued warrants to them to purchase up to 175,000 shares of our common stock
 exercisable over a period of five years at an exercise price of 0.55 per
 share,
 which were valued at 55 thousand using the Black-Scholes option pricing
 model
 using the following assumptions: 

Black-Scholes
 Assumptions 

Expected

Risk-free

Warrants

Expected

Dividend

Interest

Expected

Issued

Value 

Volatility

Yield

Rate

Life

150,000

42

62 

0 

4.70 

5
 Years 

25,000

13 

72 

0 

4.76 

5
 Years 

We
 also
 paid Sigma 0.1 million for expenses associated with the Note through June
 30,
 2007. We also paid (or accrued to) Sigma 0.1 million in interest on the
 Note. 

On
 February 15, 2007, we entered into a Joinder Agreement to the Note Purchase
 Agreement with Sigma Berliner, an affiliate of Sigma and Thom Waye, and issued
 a
 fourth 7 Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible Note due on December 29,
 2008
 in the original principal amount of 1.5 million and a warrant to purchase
 up to
 750,000 shares of our common stock to Sigma Berliner, on substantially the
 same
 terms as the Note and Warrant issued to Sigma. This transaction was the result
 of Sigma exercising a right that Sigma negotiated as part of the December
 29,
 2006 transaction, at a time at which it was not an affiliate of
 Berliner. 

F-25 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share
 amounts) 

18. 

Stockholders 
 Equity 

Common
 and Preferred Stock 

As
 of
 June 30, 2007, pursuant to the Amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate
 of Incorporation dated February 8, 2007, we are authorized to issue 102,000,000
 shares, consisting of (i) 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.00002
 per share, and (ii) 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.00002
 per
 share. 

Stock
 Options 

At
 June
 30, 2007, we sponsored two stock option plans, the 1999 Omnibus Securities
 Plan
 (the 1999 Plan and the 2001 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2001 Plan ),
 collectively (the Plans ). We have elected to account for those Plans under
 SFAS 123R. 

The
 Plans
 provide for the grant of incentive stock options and non-qualified stock
 options. The terms of the options are set by our Board of Directors. The
 options
 expire no later than ten years after the date the stock option is granted.
 The
 number of shares authorized for grants under the Plans is 15 of the total
 outstanding common stock as computed by the Company as fully diluted, provided
 that no more than 4 million options can be incentive stock options. The 2001
 Plan provides for the grant of a maximum of 40,000 incentive stock options
 that
 expire no later than ten years after the date the stock option is
 granted. 

The
 holders of Old Berliner s plans forfeited all of their stock options 90 days
 after the Acquisition due to all of the employees becoming employees of
 us. 

The
 following table represents stock options under our Plans as of June 30,
 2007: 

2001
 Plan 

1999
 Plan 

Non-Plan

Weighted

Weighted

Weighted

Average

Average

Average

Number

Exercise

Number

Exercise

Number

Exercise

of
 Shares 

Price

of
 Shares 

Price

of
 Shares 

Price

Balance
 at June 30, 2005 

17,924

1,387.50

6,700

1,747.52

18,704

6,786.00

Options
 granted at fair value 

-

-

530,300

0.41

-

-

Options
 exercised 

-

-

-

-

-

-

Options
 cancelled 

(200 

1,387.50

(53,700 

19.26

-

-

Outstanding
 at June 30, 2006 

17,724

1,387.50

483,300

22.53

18,704

6,786.00

Exercisable
 at June 30, 2006 

17,724

1,387.50

212,175

50.80

18,704

6,786.00

Options
 granted at fair value 

-

-

1,091,526

0.84

-

-

Options
 exercised 

-

-

(75,500 

0.40

-

-

Options
 cancelled 

(833 

1,387.50

(91,275 

78.77

-

-

Outstanding
 at June 30, 2007 

16,891

1,387.50

1,408,051

3.26

18,704

6,786.00

Exercisable
 at June 30, 2007 

16,891

1,387.50

501,426

7.59

18,704

6,786.00

The
 intrinsic value of options exercised, outstanding and exercisable as of and
 for
 the year ending June 30, 2007 were as follows: 

Options
 exercised 

30,200

Options
 outstanding 

4,591,627

Options
 exercisable 

3,807,875

F-26 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share
 amounts) 

Stock-based
 compensation expense included in the consolidated statement of operations
 for
 the years ended June 30, 2007 and 2006 was approximately 0.3 million and
 67
 thousand, respectively. As of June 30, 2007, there was approximately 0.4
 million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to options
 granted under our Plans that will be recognized over four years. 

At
 June
 30, 2007, the range of exercise prices, weighted average exercise price and
 weighted average remaining contractual life for options outstanding were
 as
 follows: 

Options
 Outstanding and Exercisable 

Weighted

Weighted 

Average

Average 

Remaining

Number

Exercise 

Contractual

Option
 Price Range 

of
 Shares 

Exercisable 

Price 

Life

2001
 Plan 

1,387.50

16,891

16,891

1,387.50

3.53
 Years 

1999
 Plan 

0.30 

0.81

953,400

478,775

0.48

8.90
 Years 

1.05 

1.46

450,651

18,651

1.46

9.20
 Years 

7.05

167

167

7.05

7.05
 Years 

8.01

250

250

8.01

6.67
 Years 

16.50

2,416

2,416

16.50

3.03
 Years 

3,000.00

1,167

1,167

3,000.00

2.28
 Years 

Non-Plan 

3,600.00

637

637

3,600.00

2.70
 Years 

6,900.00

18,067

18,067

6,900.00

2.76
 Years 

During
 the year ended June 30, 2007, we issued 1,091,526 options to 36 individuals
 with
 vesting as follows: 

Weighted 

Number
 of 

Average 

Vesting
 Period 

Shares 

Fair
 Value 

Immediate 

238,026

0.44

100 
 after 1 year 

130,000

0.47

50 
 after 1 year, 25 per year thereafter 

35,000

0.24

25 
 Immediate, 25 per year thereafter 

250,000

0.36

25 
 per year after one year 

438,500

0.84

1,091,526

0.58 

The
 value
 of this stock based on quoted market values at the time of grant was 0.9
 million. 

F-27 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share
 amounts) 

The
 following table summarizes information about unvested stock option
 transactions: 

2001
 Plan 

1999
 Plan 

Non-Plan

Weighted

Weighted

Weighted

Average

Average

Average

Number

Number

Exercise

Fair

Number

Exercise

of
 Shares 

of
 Shares 

Price

Value

of
 Shares 

Price

Balance
 at June 30, 2005 

-

-

-

Options
 granted at fair value 

-

530,300

0.41

0.27

-

Options
 vested 

-

(205,675 

0.40

0.27

-

Options
 cancelled 

-

(53,500 

0.40

0.27

-

Outstanding
 at June 30, 2006 

-

271,125

0.41

0.27

-

Options
 granted at fair value 

-

1,091,526

0.84

0.58

-

Options
 vested 

-

(420,401 

0.56

0.38

-

Options
 cancelled 

-

(35,625 

0.44

0.29

-

Outstanding
 at June 30, 2007 

-

906,625

0.86

0.59

-

Stock
 Warrants 

At
 June
 30, 2007, we had issued warrants to purchase up to 4,203,572 shares of our
 common stock. The following table summarizes those warrant grants: 

Number
 of 

Grant 

Strike

Issued
 to 

Shares

Date 

Price

Note 

Punk,
 Ziegel Company, L.P. 

100,000

June
 21, 2006 

1.00

A 

Punk,
 Ziegel Company, L.P. 

214,286

December
 29, 2006 

0.70

A 

Sigma
 Opportunity Fund, LLC 

1,500,000

December
 29, 2006 

0.01

B 

Sigma
 Capital Advisors, LLC 

150,000

December
 29, 2006 

0.55

B 

Pacific
 Asset Partners, LP 

500,000

February
 2, 2007 

0.01

B 

Operis
 Partners I, LLC 

250,000

February
 2, 2007 

0.01

B 

Sigma
 Berliner, LLC 

750,000

February
 15, 2007 

0.01

B 

Sigma
 Capital Advisors, LLC 

25,000

February
 15, 2007 

0.55

A 

Punk,
 Ziegel Company, L.P. 

214,286

February
 15, 2007 

0.70

B 

Digital
 Communication Services, Inc. 

500,000

February
 28, 2007 

0.73

C 

4,203,572

A
 - Part
 of advisory services fee. We recorded stock-based compensation expense of
 0.2
 million related to these warrants. 

 B
 -
 Warrants issued relating to the issuance of 7 Senior Subordinated Secured
 Convertible Notes. See Note 10. 

 C
 -
 Warrants issued related to the acquisition of Digitcom. See Note
 13. 

F-28 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share
 amounts) 

19. 

Unaudited
 Quarterly Results of
 Operations 

The
 following tables present unaudited summary data relating to our results of
 operations for each quarter of the years ended June 30, 2007 and
 2006: 

For
 the Year Ended June 30, 2007 

First
 Quarter 

Second
 Quarter 

Third
 Quarter 

Fourth
 Quarter 

Total

(Unaudited)

Revenues

7,805

13,688

15,394

18,248

55,135

Gross
 margin 

2,088

5,030

4,172

6,570

17,860

Income
 (loss) from operations 

(552 

1,684

1,134

501

2,767

Net
 Income (loss) 

(562 

1,153

361

160 

1,112 

Net
 income (loss) per common share: 

Basic

(0.03 

0.07

0.02

0.01 

0.07

Diluted

(0.03 

0.06

0.02

0.01 

0.06

For
 the Year Ended June 30, 2006 

First
 Quarter 

Second
 Quarter 

Third
 Quarter 

Fourth
 Quarter 

Total

(Unaudited)

Revenues

8,657

11,107

8,547

11,014

39,325

Gross
 margin 

2,440

2,519

2,064

4,100

11,123

Income
 (loss) from operations 

335

215

(356 

1,241

1,435

Net
 Income (loss) 

262

448

(365 

910

1,255

Net
 Income (loss) allocable to common shareholders 

(19,674 

448

(365 

910

(18,681 

Net
 income (loss) per common share: 

Basic
 and diluted 

(5.90 

0.04

(0.40 

0.05

(1.38 

The
 Company s quarterly revenue is subject to seasonal
 fluctuations, since most of the services we perform are performed out of
 doors.
 The quarterly period ended March 30, 2007 was impacted by the additional
 0.4
 million sales tax accrual discussed in Note 7 and by interest charges incurred
 relating to the issuance of the 7 Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible
 Notes
 (the Notes discussed in Note 10. The quarterly period ended June 30, 2007 was
 also impacted by interest charges incurred relating to the Notes, the finance
 fee recognized in regard to the change in the conversion rate on the
 abovementioned Notes and the reversal of the valuation allowance against
 our net
 deferred tax assets which is discussed in Note 8. 

20. 

Selected
 Segment Financial Data 

Statement
 of Financial Accounting Standards No. 131, Disclosures
 About Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information 
 established standards for reporting information about operating segments
 in
 annual financial statements of public business enterprises and requires that
 those enterprises report selected information about operating segments in
 interim financial reports issued to shareholders. Operating segments are
 components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is
 available and regularly evaluated by the chief operating decision maker(s)
 of an
 enterprise. We do not assign assets to our segments. 

We
 have
 organized our company into two operating segments based upon the types of
 customers served, services provided and the economic characteristics of each
 segment. Our operating segments are: 

Infrastructure
 equipment construction and technical service (Infrastructure)s: 
 This
 segment includes radio frequency and network design and engineering, radio
 transmission base station modification, in-building network design, engineering
 and construction, project management, specialty communication services,
 configured solutions as well as design, installation and construction of
 wireless telecommunications system towers. 

Real
 estate site acquisition and zoning (Site) :
 Generally we act as an intermediary between telecommunications companies
 and
 owners of real estate and other facilities. We identify appropriate properties,
 negotiate the transactions and handle the administrative details. 

F-29 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2007 

amounts in thousands except share and per share
 amounts) 

We
 evaluate the performance of our operating segments based on several factors,
 of
 which the primary financial measure is segment operating income. Segment
 operating income is presented herein because our chief operating decision
 makers
 evaluate and measure each business unit s performance based on its segment
 operating income. 

Years
 Ended June 30, 

2007

2006

Infrastructure

Site

Total

Infrastructure

Site

Total

Revenues

43,501

11,634

55,135

35,506

3,819

39,325

Cost
 of revenues 

29,674

7,601

37,275

25,538

2,664

28,202

Gross
 profit 

13,827

4,033

17,860

9,968

1,155

11,123

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses 

11,964

2,650

14,614

8,315

1,133

9,448

Depreciation
 and amortization 

382

102

484

223

24

247

Loss
 on sale of fixed assets 

(4 

(1 

(5 

(6 

(1 

(7 

Operating
 income (loss) 

1,
 485 

1,282

2,767

1,436

(1 

1,435

21. 
 
 Subsequent
 Events 

On
 September 27, 2007, we signed a Waiver and Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement
 with the Sigma Opportunity Fund, LLC, Pacific Asset Partners, LP, Operis
 Partners I, LLC and Sigma Berliner, LLC, (collectively the "Noteholders")
 whereby the Noteholders agreed to waive the liquidated damages
 clause in their respective Note Purchase Agreements (collectively the "Notes")
 in exchange for our agreement to lower the conversion price of the Notes
 from 1.10 to 1.00 per share. Pursuant to this Waiver and Amendment to Note
 Purchase Agreement, we have agreed to continue to use our best efforts to
 register the shares underlying the Notes and the associated warrants, and
 to
 maintain the effectiveness of any registration statement we file with respect
 to
 these shares. 

This
 resulted in our recognizing a financing fee of 0.7 million as a non-cash
 charge
 to other expense in our statement of operations. This amount is based on
 the
 estimated value of the reduction of the conversion price from 1.10 to
 1.00 per
 share, which we estimated to be equal to the amount of the maximum exposure
 of
 our liquidated damages. 

F-30 

<EX-10.1>
 3
 v088879_ex10-1.htm

AMENDMENT
 AND WAIVER AGREEMENT 

This
 AMENDMENT AND WAIVER AGREEMENT (this Agreement is
 made and entered into as of this 27th day of September, 2007 among Berliner
 Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ),
 and
 each of the undersigned holders (each, a Noteholder , 
and
 collectively, the Noteholders of the
 Company s 7 Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible Notes Due 2008 (each, a
 Note 
and
 collectively, the Notes ). 

WHEREAS, 
 the
 Company and Sigma Opportunity Fund, LLC Sigma are
 parties to that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2006
 (the Note
 Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Company sold and Sigma purchased a Note in the original
 principal amount of 3.0 million (the Sigma
 Note and
 issued to Sigma a warrant to purchase up to 1.5 million shares of the Company s
 common stock (the Sigma
 Warrant 

WHEREAS, 
 the
 Company entered into a Joinder Agreement with Pacific Asset Partners
 Pacific and
 Operis Partners I LLC Operis ),
 dated
 as of February 2, 2007, pursuant to which (i) the Company sold and Pacific
 purchased a Note in the original principal amount of 1.0 million (the
 Pacific
 Note ),
 (ii)
 the Company issued to Pacific a warrant to purchase up to 500,000 shares of
 our
 common stock (the Pacific
 Warrant ),
 (iii)
 the Company sold and Operis purchased a Note in the original principal amount
 of
 500,000 (the Operis
 Note ),
 and
 (iv) the Company issued to Operis a warrant to purchase up to 250,000 shares
 of
 our common stock (the Operis
 Warrant 

WHEREAS,
 the
 Company entered into a Joinder Agreement with Sigma Berliner, LLC SBLLC ),
 dated
 as of February 15, 2007, pursuant to which the Company sold and SBLLC purchased
 a Note in the original principal amount of 1.5 million (the SBLLC
 Note ,
 and
 together with the Sigma Note, the Pacific Note and the Operis Note, the
 Notes and a
 warrant to purchase up to 750,000 shares of the Company s common stock (the
 SBLLC
 Warrant, 
and
 together with the Sigma Warrant, Pacific Warrant and Operis Warrant, the
 Warrants 

WHEREAS, 
 pursuant
 to the Note Purchase Agreement, to which each Noteholder is deemed to be a
 party, the Company agreed to register the shares of common stock into which
 the
 Notes are convertible and the shares of common stock into which the Warrants
 are
 exercisable (collectively, the Registrable
 Shares on a
 registration statement (the Registration Statement filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission (the SEC 

WHEREAS, 
 pursuant
 to Section 8(a)(3) of the Note Purchase Agreement, the Company has become liable
 to pay liquidated damages to each Noteholder (the Liquidated
 Damages because the Registration Statement was not declared effective by the Securities
 and Exchange Commission prior to the Required Effective Date (as such term
 is
 defined in the Note Purchase Agreement); 

WHEREAS, 
 the
 Noteholders have agreed to make certain amendments and waivers as consideration
 for a reduction in the Conversion Price (as such term is defined in each of
 the
 Notes) of the Notes. 

NOW,
 THEREFORE, 
 the
 parties hereto consent and agree as follows: 

1. Amendment
 of Notes .
 In
 Section 6.1 of each of the Sigma Note, Pacific Note, Operis Note and SBLLC
 Note,
 the defined term Conversion Price is hereby amended to read in its entirety as
 follows: Conversion Price means 1.00, subject to adjustment as provided in
 Section 5.3. 

2. Amendment
 of Note Purchase Agreement .

(a) In
 Section 1(c) of the Note Purchase Agreement, the defined term Registration
 Event is hereby deleted in its entirety and shall no longer have any force
 and/or effect, including, any references to this term throughout the Note
 Purchase Agreement, wherever it may appear. 

(b) Section
 8(a), subsection (1) of the Note Purchase Agreement is hereby amended and
 restated in its entirety to read as follows: (a) Obligation to Register Shares.
 The Company shall use its best efforts to prepare and, as expeditiously as
 possible, file with the SEC a Registration Statement which covers the resale
 by
 the Buyers of (A) a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the maximum number
 of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes, and (B) a number
 of
 shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon
 exercise of the Warrants and the Additional Warrants, in each such case as
 Registrable Securities, and which Registration Statement shall state that,
 in
 accordance with Rule 416 under the 1933 Act, the Registration Statement also
 covers such indeterminate number of additional shares of Common Stock as may
 become issuable upon conversion of the Notes or exercise of the Warrants and
 the
 Additional Warrants to prevent dilution resulting from stock splits, stock
 dividends or similar transactions. 

(c) Section
 8(a), subsection (2) of the Note Purchase Agreement is hereby amended and
 restated in its entirety to read as follows: Prior to the effectiveness of
 a
 Registration Statement, and during any time subsequent to the effectiveness
 of
 any Registration Statement filed in connection with Section 8(a) hereof when
 such Registration Statement for any reason is not available for use by any
 Investor for the resale of any Registrable Securities, the Company shall not
 file any other registration statement or any amendment thereto with the SEC
 under the 1933 Act or request the acceleration of the effectiveness of any
 other
 registration statement (except for Registration Statements filed in connection
 with Section 8(a) hereof) previously filed with the SEC other than (A) any
 registration statement on Form S-8 and (B) any registration statement or
 amendment which the Company is required to file, or as to which the Company
 is
 required to request acceleration, pursuant to any obligation in effect on the
 date of execution and delivery of this Agreement. 

(d) Section
 8(a), subsection (3) of the Note Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its
 entirety and shall have no further force and/or effect. 

(e) In
 Section 8(e) of the Note Purchase Agreement: 

(i) The
 first
 sentence shall be amended to include at the beginning of the sentence: Except
 for registrations of securities under Section 8(a) hereof, 

(ii) A
 new
 last sentence shall be added to read: The Investors acknowledge that their
 piggyback registration rights under this Section 8(e) may be limited by the
 amount of Registrable Shares previously registered under Section 8(a), and
 this
 limitation shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement. 

2 

3. Agreement
 Regarding Best Efforts .
 The
 parties hereby agree and acknowledge that best efforts as such term is used in
 Section 8 the Note Purchase Agreement with respect to registration of the
 Registrable Shares shall mean the Company shall register in one or more
 Registration Statements as soon as practicable (which, with respect to the
 initial Registration Statement, shall mean promptly after the Company s filing
 of a Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A with the SEC for the Company s
 2007 Annual Meeting to be filed on or about October 29, 2007 substantially
 the
 maximum number of shares that may at any time be registered (which, for the
 purposes of the initial Registration Statement shall be approximately 1,222,632
 shares) on the form of Registration Statement (a) available to the Company
 at
 the time such Registration Statement is filed, (b) under which an at the
 market offering may be made on a delayed or continuous basis under Rule 415 of
 the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and (c) shall not be considered or
 deemed to be a primary offering of securities by the Securities and Exchange
 Commission. This shall be a continuing obligation on the part of the Company
 for
 so long as the Company has registration rights obligations pursuant to the
 Note
 Purchase Agreement. The Company shall file such amendments to the Registration
 Statement(s) as are necessary or desirable to comply with this Section 3 and
 Section 8 of the Note Purchase Agreement, as amended. 

4. Waiver .
 In
 consideration for the amendment provided for in Section 1 above, the undersigned
 Noteholders hereby permanently, irrevocably and unconditionally waive in full,
 now and forever, the application of Section 8(a) of the Note Purchase Agreement,
 and hereby permanently, irrevocably and unconditionally waive in full, now
 and
 forever, any right of such Noteholder to the payment of the Liquidated Damages,
 whether accrued or accruing, under Section 8(a) of the Note Purchase Agreement
 and release the Company from Section 8(a) prior to the date hereof. 

5. Affect
 of Amendment .
 To the
 extent any provision of the Note Purchase Agreement, the Notes and the Warrants
 require further amendment or interpretation in order to effect and implement
 the
 intentions of this Agreement, the parties hereto agree that such amendments
 shall be deemed to have been made upon execution hereof. 

6. Counterparts .
 This
 Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall
 be
 deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the
 same
 instrument. This Agreement may be executed via facsimile, which shall be deemed
 an original. 

7. Severability .
 If any
 provision of this Agreement shall be declared void or unenforceable by any
 judicial or administrative authority, the validity or enforceability of any
 other provision and of the entire Agreement shall not be affected. 

8. Enforceability .
 Upon
 execution of this Agreement by the undersigned Noteholders, the validity of
 any
 waiver, consent or amendment made hereunder shall be unaffected by the failure
 of any one or more Noteholders of the Company to execute this
 Agreement. 

3 

9. Governing
 Law .
 This
 Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with
 the
 laws of the State of Delaware. 

10. Further
 Assurances .
 Following the date hereof, each party shall execute, deliver, acknowledge and
 file, or shall cause to be executed, acknowledged, delivered and filed, all
 such
 further instruments, certificates and other documents and shall take, or cause
 to be taken, such other actions as may reasonably be requested by any other
 party in order to carry out the provisions of this Agreement. 

11. Confidentiality .
 Each
 undersigned Noteholder hereby agrees, except as required by law, to hold in
 confidence this Agreement, all of the terms thereof and all of the transactions
 contemplated thereby and hereby until such time as the material terms thereof
 and hereof are publicly disclosed by the Company (which the Company agrees
 to do
 in compliance with applicable law). 

[ Signature
 page follows ] 

4 

IN
 WITNESS WHEREOF, the
 parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above
 written. 

COMPANY: 

BERLINER
 COMMUNICATIONS, INC., 
 a
 Delaware corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Rich
 Berliner 

Name: Rich
 Berliner 

Title: Chief
 Executive Officer 

Signature
 Page to Waiver Agreement 

NOTEHOLDERS: 

SIGMA
 OPPORTUNITY FUND, LLC 

By: 
 SIGMA
 CAPITAL ADVISORS, LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Thom
 Waye 

Name:
 Thom Waye 

Title:
 Manager 

PACIFIC
 ASSET PARTNERS, 

 a
 California limited partnership 

By: 
 /s/ Robert
 M.
 Stafford 

Name:
 Robert
 M. Stafford 

Title:
 General Partner 

OPERIS
 PARTNERS I LLC, 

 a
 Delaware limited liability
 company 

By: 
 /s/ Lior
 Avneri 

Name:
 Liore
 Avneri 

Title: __________ 

SIGMA
 BERLINER, LLC, 

 a
 Delaware limited liability
 company 

By: 
 /s/ Thom
 Waye 

Name:
 Thom Waye 

Title: Manager 

Signature
 Page to Waiver Agreement 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 v088879_ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES
 OF REGISTRANT 

BCI
 Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 v088879_ex23-1.htm

Consent
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Berliner
 Communications, Inc. 

 Elmwood
 Park, New Jersey 

We
 hereby
 consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on
 Form
 S-8 (No. 333-43032) of Berliner Communications, Inc. of our report dated
 September 28, 2007, relating to the consolidated financial statements, which
 appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

BDO
 Seidman, LLP 

 Valhalla,
 New York 

 October
 1, 2007 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 v088879_ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
 31.1 

CERTIFICATION

PRINCIPAL
 EXECUTIVE OFFICER S CERTIFICATION: 

I,
 Richard B. Berliner, certify that: 

1. 

I
 have reviewed this Annual Report of Berliner Communications, Inc.;

2. 

Based
 on my knowledge, this Annual Report does not contain any untrue statement
 of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
 make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
 were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 Annual Report; 

3. 

Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
 included in this Annual Report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the
 registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual
 Report; 

4. 

The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 for the
 registrant, and have: 

a) 

designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
 controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
 ensure
 that material information relating to the registrant, including its
 consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
 entities, particularly during the period in which this Annual Report
 is
 being prepared; 

b) 

evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
 and presented in this Annual Report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
 end of
 the period covered by this Annual Report, based on such evaluation;
 and

c) 

disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
 to
 materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. 

The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our
 most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to
 the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s
 Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 

all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
 operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) 

any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
 employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting. 

Date:
 September 28, 2007 

/s/ Richard
 B. Berliner 

Richard
 B. Berliner 

 Chief
 Executive Officer 

 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 v088879_ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
 31.2 

CERTIFICATION

PRINCIPAL
 FINANCIAL OFFICER S CERTIFICATION: 

I,
 Albert
 E. Gencarella, certify that: 

1. 

I
 have reviewed this Annual Report of Berliner Communications, Inc.;

2. 

Based
 on my knowledge, this Annual Report does not contain any untrue statement
 of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
 make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
 were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 Annual Report; 

3. 

Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
 included in this Annual Report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the
 registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report;

4. 

The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 for the
 registrant, and have: 

a) 

designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
 controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
 ensure
 that material information relating to the registrant, including its
 consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
 entities, particularly during the period in which this Annual Report,
 is
 being prepared; 

b) 

evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
 and presented in this Annual Report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
 end of
 the period covered by this Annual Report, based on such evaluation;
 and

c) 

disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
 to
 materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting.; and 

5. 

The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our
 most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to
 the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s
 Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 

all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
 operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) 

any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
 employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting. 

Date:
 September 28, 2007 

/s/ Albert
 E.
 Gencarella 

Albert
 E. Gencarella 

 Chief
 Financial Officer 

 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 v088879_ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
 32.1 

Certification 

 Pursuant
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 (Subsections
 (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code)

Pursuant
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of
 Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) (the Act ), each of
 the undersigned officers of Berliner Communications, Inc., a Delaware
 corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify that: 

The
 Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30,
 2007, (the Periodic Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section
 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 780(d))
 and information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all
 material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
 Company. 

/s/ Richard
 B. Berliner 

Richard
 B. Berliner 

 Chief
 Executive Officer 

 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/ Albert
 E.
 Gencarella 

Albert
 E. Gencarella 

 Chief
 Financial Officer 

 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

Dated:
 September 28, 2007 

The
 foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 

 Section
 906 of the Act and is not being filed as part of the 

 Periodic
 Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

