<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20070314_10-K_edgar_data_1118148_0000950124-07-001500.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1482008</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>280371</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>945556</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950124-07-001500.hdr.sgml : 20070314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20070314161519
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950124-07-001500
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20061231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20070314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20070314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICAN PHYSICIANS CAPITAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001118148
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOSPITAL & MEDICAL SERVICE PLANS [6324]
		IRS NUMBER:				383543910
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32057
		FILM NUMBER:		07693840

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1301 NORTH HAGADORN ROAD
		CITY:			EAST LANSING
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48823
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5173511150

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1301 NORTH HAGADORN ROAD
		CITY:			EAST LANSING
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48823

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 IX7NY73pOgEHtWFnOxcDS8qMRLuyRBNhrFMEMPPpczHyPj+zoTF7nAkxmNJQ/dXZ
 eOj7qX5DdDQEi3UbAb1ABg==

 0000950124-07-001500.txt : 20070314

10-K
 1
 k13087e10vk.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2006

e10vk 

Table of Contents 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
 COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C.
 20549 

Form 10-K 

FOR ANNUAL AND TRANSITION
 REPORTS PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
 1934 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended
 December 31, 2006 

o 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
 from to 

Commission File Number:
 000-32057 

American Physicians Capital,
 Inc. 

(Exact name of registrant as
 specified in its charter) 

Michigan 

38-3543910 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of 

(IRS employer 

incorporation or
 organization) 

identification
 number) 

1301 North Hagadorn Road, East Lansing, Michigan 48823 

(Address of principal executive
 offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

(517) 351-1150 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
 Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Common stock, no par value

Nasdaq Global Market

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
 Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
 seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
 Act. Yes o No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
 reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
 Act. Yes o No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has
 filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
 preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
 registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
 been subject to such filing requirements for the past
 90 days. Yes No o

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
 pursuant to Item 405 of
 Regulation S-K 
 is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
 of registrant s knowledge, in a definitive proxy or
 information statement incorporated by reference in Part III
 of this
 Form 10-K 
 or any amendment to this
 Form 10-K. o

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
 accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated
 filer. See definition of accelerated filer and large
 accelerated filer in
 Rule 12b-2 
 of the Exchange Act (Check one):

Large accelerated filer
 o Accelerated
 filer 
 Non-accelerated filer o

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
 (as defined in
 Rule 12b-2 
 of the Exchange
 Act). Yes o No 

The aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by
 non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2006, based
 on 35.06 per share (the last sale price for the Common
 Stock on such date as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market s
 National Market), was approximately 363.7 million. For
 purposes of this computation only, all executive officers,
 directors and 10 beneficial owners of the registrant are
 assumed to be affiliates.

As of February 28, 2007 the registrant had
 11,411,874 shares of Common Stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS
 INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement
 pertaining to the 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the
 Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to
 Regulation 14A are incorporated by reference into
 Part III.

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 1. Business. 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity And Related Stockholder Matters 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance of the Registrant 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 SIGNATURES 
 Amendment No. 1 to Stock Compensation Plan 
 Consent of BDO Seidman, LLP 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 1350 

Table of Contents 

Explanatory
 Note 

All share and per share data included in this Report on
 Form 10-K 
 has been retroactively adjusted to reflect a
 three-for-two 
 stock split, which was effective November 1, 2006.

Item 1. 

Business. 

General 

American Physicians Capital, Inc., or APCapital, is an insurance
 holding company that writes medical professional liability
 insurance through its primary subsidiary American Physicians
 Assurance Corporation, or American Physicians. Our principal
 offices are located at 1301 North Hagadorn Road, East Lansing,
 Michigan, 48823. Our website address is www.apcapital.com. All
 of our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 are available free of charge at our website promptly after they
 are filed. In addition, the Company s code of ethics
 covering directors, officers and other employees is also
 available on our website.

APCapital was incorporated in Michigan in July 2000 to
 facilitate the conversion of American Physicians from a mutual
 insurance company to a publicly owned stock insurance company.
 In connection with this conversion, APCapital offered its common
 stock to policyholders of American Physicians, various other
 groups having specified relationships to American Physicians and
 to the general public. APCapital s stock began trading on
 the Nasdaq Stock Market s National Market under the symbol
 ACAP on December 8, 2000. The conversion became
 effective, the offerings were closed and American Physicians and
 its subsidiaries became subsidiaries of APCapital on
 December 13, 2000.

Over the last several years we have made significant changes to
 the composition of business written by our three insurance
 companies: American Physicians, APSpecialty Insurance
 Corporation, or APSpecialty, and Insurance Corporation of
 America, or ICA. In 2001, we discontinued writing personal and
 commercial lines insurance and in 2003 we announced our exit
 from the workers compensation and health insurance lines
 of business. Our last workers compensation and health
 policies expired on June 30, 2005, putting all three of
 these insurance lines effectively into run-off.

American Physicians was formed in June 1975 under the
 sponsorship of the Michigan State Medical Society in response to
 a medical professional liability insurance crisis in Michigan.
 Today American Physicians focuses on writing physician medical
 professional liability coverage in five core states: Michigan,
 Illinois, Ohio, New Mexico and Kentucky. The Company also writes
 a small amount of business in contiguous states. APSpecialty, a
 wholly owned subsidiary of American Physicians, did not write
 any business in 2006, but is positioned so that in the future it
 can support American Physicians either through writing excess
 and surplus lines business or with an alternative pricing
 structure. ICA was the Company s primary workers 
 compensation carrier. With our exit from this line, ICA is no
 longer writing any business, but maintains the run-off
 workers compensation reserves.

1

Table of Contents 

Medical professional liability direct premiums written in our
 five core markets represented 98 , 92 and 87 of the
 Company s total direct premiums written in 2006, 2005 and
 2004, respectively, as shown in the table below.

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

of 

of 

of 

Total 

Total 

Total 

(In thousands) 

Direct premiums written:

Michigan

50,302

32.1 

53,489

28.8 

59,903

28.0 

Illinois

48,421

30.9 

54,536

29.4 

55,439

25.9 

Ohio

28,292

18.0 

31,234

16.8 

35,861

16.8 

New Mexico

20,759

13.2 

21,667

11.7 

20,534

9.6 

Kentucky

5,878

3.7 

10,337

5.6 

13,877

6.5 

All Other

3,228

2.1 

3,799

2.1 

9,615

4.5 

Total medical professional
 liability

156,880

100.0 

175,062

94.4 

195,229

91.3 

Exited lines of business

(14

0.0 

2,057

1.1 

10,911

5.1 

PIC-Florida(1)

0.0 

8,392

4.5 

7,805

3.6 

Total direct premiums written

156,866

100.0 

185,511

100.0 

213,945

100.0 

Net premiums earned:

Medical professional liability

149,790

75.2 

160,256

75.3 

171,529

68.4 

Exited lines of business

(102

0.1 

713

0.3 

26,744

10.7 

PIC-Florida(1)

0.0 

3,314

1.6 

2,306

0.9 

Total net premiums earned

149,688

75.1 

164,283

77.2 

200,579

80.0 

Investment income

45,253

22.7 

45,163

21.2 

47,373

18.9 

Realized gains

3,310

1.7 

2,033

1.0 

1,551

0.6 

Other income

1,031

0.5 

1,387

0.6 

1,177

0.5 

Total revenue

199,282

100.0 

212,866

100.0 

250,680

100.0 

(1) 

In 2005 and 2004 the accounts of PIC-Florida were included in
 the Consolidated Financial Statements. In 2006, PIC-Florida is
 no longer being consolidated, but rather is accounted for using
 the equity method of accounting. See Note 1 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 

We have previously reported medical professional liability and
 other lines insurance operating segments, as well as a corporate
 and other segment. However, due to the diminished financial
 significance of our other insurance lines and the emphasis of
 the corporate and other organizations to support the underlying
 medical professional liability operations of the Company, the
 Company has determined in 2006 that we now have a single
 reportable segment that encompasses all of the Company s
 operations. Accordingly, segment reporting has been discontinued.

Products and Services. We underwrite medical
 professional liability coverage for physicians, their
 corporations, medical groups, clinics and ancillary healthcare
 providers. Medical professional liability insurance protects
 physicians and other health care providers against liabilities
 arising from the rendering of, or failure to render,
 professional medical services. We offer claims-made coverage in
 all states in which we write business, with the exception of New
 Mexico and Indiana, and occurrence policies in a limited number
 of states. Our policies include coverage for the cost of
 defending claims. Claims-made policies provide coverage to the
 policyholder for claims reported during the period of coverage.
 Policyholders are insured continuously while their claims-made
 policy is in force. We offer extended reporting endorsements or
 tails to cover claims reported after the policy expires.
 Occurrence policies provide coverage to the policyholders for
 all losses incurred during the policy coverage year regardless
 of when the claims are reported. Although we generate a majority
 of our premiums from individual and small group practices, we
 also insure several major physician groups.

2

Table of Contents 

We offer separate policy forms for physicians who are sole
 practitioners and for those who practice as part of a medical
 group or clinic. The policy issued to sole practitioners
 includes coverage for professional liability that arises from
 the medical practice. The medical professional insurance for
 sole practitioners and for medical groups provides protection
 against the legal liability of the insureds for injury caused by
 or as a result of the performance of patient treatment, failure
 to treat, failure to diagnose and related types of malpractice.
 We offer two types of policies for medical groups or clinics.
 Under the first policy type, both the individual physician and
 the group share the same set of policy limits. Under the second
 group policy type, the individual physician and the group or
 clinic each purchase separate policy limits. At
 December 31, 2006, we have approximately 9,500 policies in
 force in 7 states, with a concentration in our core
 Midwestern states of Michigan, Ohio, and Illinois, as well as
 Kentucky and New Mexico.

Marketing. Our marketing philosophy is to sell
 profitable business in our core states, using a focused,
 multi-channeled, cost-effective distribution system. In addition
 to our agency force, we have built our sales and marketing
 efforts around several strategic business alliances. These
 alliances include medical society endorsements, purchasing group
 programs and other marketing alliances.

Our medical professional liability product line is marketed
 through approximately 47 agents in 6 states, with one
 strategic agency, SCW Agency Group, Inc. and its wholly owned
 subsidiary, Kentucky Medical Agency, collectively referred to as
 SCW. SCW accounted for approximately 32 of medical professional
 liability direct premiums written during 2006. This relationship
 is discussed in more detail in Item 1 
 Business-Important Agency Relationship. 

The majority of our remaining agents who write our medical
 professional liability insurance are independent agents. Due to
 the highly specialized nature of medical professional liability
 insurance, we are working to build a controlled distribution
 system to increase the percentage of our business that is
 produced through captive agents, which makes us less vulnerable
 to changes in market conditions. We also work with financially
 sound agencies that focus on this line in targeted geographic
 areas. In 2006 and 2005, our captive agents generated 42 and
 33 of our premiums, respectively, independent agents generated
 45 and 55 , respectively, and we produced 13 and 12 of
 premiums, respectively, on a direct basis without agent
 involvement. Our top ten agencies produced 107.5 million
 of direct premiums written, or 69 of total premium writings in
 2006.

The Michigan State Medical Society, or MSMS, has endorsed
 American Physicians as its exclusive professional liability
 carrier of choice for 31 years. We compensate MSMS for
 marketing our professional medical liability products to MSMS
 members. American Physicians is also endorsed by the Michigan
 Osteopathic Association, the New Mexico Medical Society, several
 specialty societies and numerous physician organizations.

Underwriting and Pricing. Most of our initial
 underwriting work and customer contact is performed through a
 centralized process based in our home office. The home office
 underwriting department has final responsibility for the
 issuance, establishment and implementation of underwriting
 standards for all of our underwritten coverages. The local
 office underwriting staff has the authority to evaluate, approve
 and issue medical professional liability coverage for individual
 providers and medical groups with annual premiums that do not
 exceed present threshold amounts or guidelines imposed by the
 home office.

Through our management and actuarial staff, we regularly
 establish rates and rating classifications for our physician and
 medical group insureds based on the loss and loss adjustment
 expense, or LAE, experience we have developed over the past
 31 years, and the loss and LAE experience for the entire
 medical professional liability market. We have various rating
 classifications based on practice location, medical specialty
 and other liability factors. We also utilize various discounts,
 such as claim-free credits, to encourage low risk physicians to
 insure with American Physicians.

The nature of our business requires that we remain sensitive to
 the marketplace and the pricing strategies of our competitors.
 Using the market information as our background, we normally set
 our prices based on our estimated future costs. From time to
 time, we may reduce our discounts or apply a premium surcharge
 to achieve an appropriate return. Pricing flexibility allows us
 to provide a fair rate commensurate with the assumed liability.
 If our pricing strategy cannot yield sufficient premium to cover
 our costs on a particular type of risk, we may determine not to
 underwrite that risk. It is our philosophy not to sacrifice
 profitability for premium growth.

3

Table of Contents 

Claims Management. Our policies require us to
 provide a defense for our insureds in any suit involving a
 medical incident covered by the policy. The defense costs we
 incur are in addition to the limit of liability under the
 policy. Medical professional liability claims often involve the
 evaluation of highly technical medical issues, severe injuries
 and conflicting expert opinions.

Our strategy for handling medical professional liability claims
 combines a basic philosophy of vigorously defending against
 non-meritorious claims with an overall commitment to providing
 outstanding service to our insured physicians. Our claims
 department is responsible for claims investigation,
 establishment of appropriate case reserves for loss and loss
 adjustment expenses, defense planning and coordination, working
 closely with attorneys engaged by us to defend a claim and
 negotiation of the settlement or other disposition of a claim.
 We emphasize early evaluation and aggressive management of
 claims. A part of our overall claims strategy is to establish
 regional claims departments in our major markets. This local
 presence helps to facilitate better defense attorney
 coordination by allowing us to meet with defense attorneys and
 policyholders, and to develop claims staff that have experience
 with the region s legal environment, which enables us to
 more accurately establish case reserves.

Reserve for Unpaid Loss and Loss Adjustment
 Expenses. Our insurance subsidiaries are required
 by applicable insurance laws and regulations to maintain
 reserves for payment of losses and loss adjustment expenses for
 reported claims and for claims incurred but not reported,
 arising from policies that have been issued. Generally, these
 laws and regulations require that we provide for the ultimate
 cost of those claims without regard to how long it takes to
 settle them or the time value of money. We are also required to
 maintain reserves on a physician s death, disability and
 retirement, or DD&R reserves, which are included in our loss
 reserves. The determination of reserves involves actuarial and
 statistical projections of what we expect to be the cost of the
 ultimate settlement and administration of such claims based on
 facts and circumstances then known, estimates of future trends
 in claims severity, and other variable factors such as inflation
 and changing judicial theories of liability. With the exception
 of our reserves for extended reporting period claims, we do not
 discount our reserves to recognize for the time value of money.

Our actuarial staff analyzes and develops projections of
 ultimate losses which are used to establish recorded reserves.
 Our actuaries utilize standard actuarial techniques to project
 ultimate losses based on our paid and incurred loss information,
 as well as drawing from industry data. These projections are
 done using actual loss dollars and claim counts. We analyze loss
 trends and claims frequency and severity to determine our
 best estimate of the required reserves. We then
 record this best estimate in the Company s financial
 statements. Our reserve methodology is discussed in greater
 detail in Item 7 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations. 

We receive an annual statement of opinion, as required by
 insurance regulatory authorities, by an external consulting
 actuary concerning the adequacy of our reserves. Typically, as
 of the end of the third quarter of each year, our external
 actuary performs an in-depth analysis of our reserves and
 provides us with a preliminary indication of what the actuary
 believes is the appropriate level for our recorded reserves.
 After year end, the external actuary updates this analysis for
 fourth quarter development on the basis of which the actuary
 renders an opinion regarding the adequacy of our reserves. As
 part of this year end analysis, the external actuary determines
 a range of reserve estimates, based on its projection
 methodologies, and a select amount within the range.
 If our recorded reserves are not within a reasonable range of
 the external actuary s select amount, we adjust reserves to
 be within their range. This external review of our reserves is
 one of the key factors in our overall assessment of the adequacy
 of our reserves. To the extent that the external actuary s
 projections produce results similar to those we have developed
 internally, we can be reasonably assured that our assumptions
 and methodologies used to project ultimate losses are adequate.

Statutory accounting principles require reserves to be reported
 net of reinsurance. Accounting principles generally accepted in
 the United States of America, or GAAP, require reserves to be
 reported on a gross basis, i.e., before reinsurance, with a
 corresponding asset established for the reinsurance recoverable.
 When compared on a net basis, our statutory and GAAP reserves
 are identical, with the exception of the reserves for extended
 reporting endorsements, approximately 13 million, which
 are required to be carried as unearned premium reserves for
 statutory accounting purposes.

4

Table of Contents 

Reinsurance. In accordance with industry
 practice, we cede to other insurance companies some of the
 potential liability under insurance policies we have
 underwritten. This practice, called reinsurance, helps us reduce
 our net liability on individual risks, stabilize our
 underwriting results and increase our underwriting capacity.
 However, if the reinsurer fails to meet its obligations, we
 remain liable for policyholder obligations. As payment for
 sharing a portion of our risk, we are also required to share a
 part of the premium we receive on the related policies. We
 determine the amount and scope of reinsurance coverage to
 purchase each year based upon an evaluation of the risks
 accepted, consultations with reinsurance brokers and a review of
 market conditions, including the availability and pricing of
 reinsurance. Our reinsurance arrangements are generally
 renegotiated annually.

Prior to 2006, our primary professional liability reinsurance
 contract was swing-rated, or experience rated on a
 retrospective basis. This swing-rated contract was subject to a
 minimum and maximum premium range to be paid to the reinsurers
 in the future, depending upon the extent of losses actually paid
 by the reinsurers. We paid a provisional premium during the
 initial policy year. A liability is recorded to represent an
 estimate of net additional payments to be made to the reinsurers
 under the program, based on the level of loss and LAE reserves
 recorded. We have historically recorded ceded premiums related
 to these swing-rated treaties at the maximum amount based on our
 projected ceded loss and LAE experience. Under our 2006 treaty,
 which is no longer swing-rated, we retain the first 500,000 of
 loss exposure and 50 of the next 1.5 million. We do not
 write any policies with limits greater than 2 million per
 claim.

The following table identifies our principal reinsurers, their
 percentage of our aggregate reinsured risk based upon amounts
 recoverable and their respective A.M. Best ratings as of
 December 31, 2006. A.M. Best Company classifies an
 A rating as Excellent and an
 A+ rating as Superior. The following
 reinsurers exceeded 5 of total amounts recoverable from
 reinsurers.

of 2006 

Amounts 

2006 Total Ceded 

Amounts 

A.M. Best 

Recoverable From 

Premiums 

Recoverable From 

Reinsurer 

Rating 

Reinsurers 

Written 

Reinsurers 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Hannover Ruckversicherungs

A

45,419

2,951

40.0

Munich Reins Amer

A

26,190

2,948

23.1

Transatlantic Reinsurance Company

A

+

10,605

1,032

9.4

Aspen Ins UK Ltd

A

5,904

(51

5.2

The recoverable from Hannover Ruckversicherungs, or Hannover, is
 secured by assets that Hannover maintains in Master
 U.S. Reinsurance Trust domiciled in New York.

Capital and Surplus. To ensure the security of
 our policyholders, we must maintain assets in excess of total
 liabilities. This excess, or surplus, is the
 principal measure used by state insurance regulators, and rating
 agencies such as A.M. Best Company, to evaluate the
 Company s financial strength. Medical professional
 liability insurers generally attempt to keep this surplus level
 at least equal to their annual net premiums written.

Competition 

The insurance industry is highly competitive. We compete with
 numerous insurance companies and various self-insurance
 mechanisms. Many of our competitors have considerably greater
 financial resources and higher A.M. Best Company ratings
 than we have. We believe that the principal competitive factors
 in our insurance business are service, quality, name
 recognition, breadth and flexibility of coverages, financial
 stability and, to a lesser degree, price. We believe we compare
 favorably with many of our competitors based on our excellent
 service to customers, our close relationship with the medical
 community, primarily through various medical societies, which
 affords us a high degree of name recognition, our ability to
 customize product features and programs to fit the needs of our
 customers and our long history of financial stability. These
 factors will vary by state based on the relative strength of our
 competitors in each market.

5

Table of Contents 

A.M. Best
 Company Rating 

A.M. Best Company, or A.M. Best, rates the financial
 strength and ability to meet policyholder obligations of our
 insurance subsidiaries. During 2006, our primary insurance
 subsidiary, American Physicians, received an upgrade in its
 A.M. Best rating from B+ to B++, which is the fifth highest
 of 15 rating levels. Both the B++ and B+ ratings are considered
 Very Good, and according to A.M. Best, companies rated B++
 are deemed secure. A.M. Best assigns a B++
 rating to insurers that have, on average, very good balance
 sheet strength, operating performance and business profiles when
 compared to the standards established by A.M. Best, and in
 A.M. Best s opinion, have a good ability to meet their
 ongoing obligations to policyholders. An insurance
 company s rating is a potential source of competitive
 advantage or disadvantage in the marketplace.

Rating agencies such as A.M. Best evaluate insurance
 companies based on their financial strength and ability to pay
 claims, factors that are more relevant to policyholders and
 potential customers who are purchasing insurance, as well as
 agents who are advising customers, than investors. Financial
 strength ratings by rating agencies are not ratings of
 securities or recommendations to buy, hold, or sell any security.

Important
 Agency Relationship 

One of the primary agencies through which we write medical
 professional liability insurance is SCW Agency Group, Inc., or
 SCW. SCW is principally owned by William B. Cheeseman, our
 former president and chief executive officer and director.
 Mr. Cheeseman ceased to be an employee of the Company at
 the end of 2003 and ceased to be a director in 2004.

Commissions SCW receives on premiums it writes for
 APCapital s insurance subsidiaries typically account for
 50 to 65 of its revenues. Direct premiums written for us by
 SCW during 2006, 2005 and 2004 totaled 50.5 million,
 63.9 million and 74.4 million respectively,
 representing 32.2 , 34.5 and 34.8 of the Company s direct
 premiums written during such years. Commission expense we
 incurred related to SCW approximated 3.7 million,
 4.8 million and 5.8 million in 2006, 2005 and 2004,
 respectively. The commission rates we have paid to SCW have been
 the same as the commission rates we paid to our other agents.

In January 2004, we completed a new
 5-year 
 contract with SCW. The agreement provides for American
 Physicians to continue to be the exclusive medical professional
 liability carrier SCW represents in the state of Michigan,
 subject to limited exceptions, such as a downgrade of our
 A.M. Best rating. However, we continue to have the right to
 appoint other agents. SCW may continue to represent other
 insurance companies in states other than Michigan. The contract
 provides for SCW to be paid commissions consistent with the
 marketplace. The terms of the new agency agreement were
 determined by negotiations between our management staff and
 SCW s management, and under the review of independent
 consultants, and ultimately approved by our Board of Directors.
 In rendering its approval, the Board of Directors considered the
 fairness of the agreed rates and determined that they were fair
 to the Company based on an evaluation of market rates and
 agreements between the Company and its other agents, among other
 considerations.

Insurance
 Regulatory Matters 

General. Insurance companies are subject to
 supervision and regulation relating to numerous aspects of their
 business and financial condition in the states in which they
 transact business. The nature and extent of such regulation
 varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Our insurance
 companies are subject to supervision and regulation by the
 Office of Financial and Insurance Services for the State of
 Michigan, or OFIS, and other state departments of insurance.
 These regulators establish standards of solvency, license
 insurers and agents, establish guidelines for investments by
 insurers, review premium rates, review the provisions which
 insurers must make for current losses and future liabilities,
 review transactions involving a change in control and require
 the filing of periodic reports relating to financial condition.
 In addition, state regulatory examiners, including OFIS, perform
 periodic financial examinations of insurance companies. Such
 regulation is generally intended for the protection of
 policyholders rather than shareholders.

Our insurance subsidiaries together are licensed to write
 insurance in a total of 17 states and are eligible to write
 excess and surplus lines in 3 states. Our current focus of
 operations is on our existing states.

6

Table of Contents 

Holding Company Regulation. Most states,
 including Michigan, have enacted legislation that regulates
 insurance holding company systems such as ours. Each insurance
 company in a holding company system is required to register with
 the insurance supervisory agency of its state of domicile and
 furnish information concerning the operations of companies
 within the holding company system that may materially affect the
 operations, management or financial condition of the insurers
 within the system. These laws permit OFIS or any other relevant
 insurance departments to examine APCapital s insurance
 subsidiaries at any time, to require disclosure of material
 transactions between APCapital and its insurance subsidiaries,
 and to require prior approval of sales or purchases of a
 material amount of assets and the payment of extraordinary
 dividends. OFIS conducted a financial examination as of
 December 31, 2003 of each of our three insurance
 subsidiaries. No adjustments were proposed as a result of the
 examinations.

Holding company laws also limit the amount of dividends payable
 by insurance subsidiaries to the parent company. Under Michigan
 law, the maximum dividend that may be paid to APCapital from its
 insurance subsidiaries during any twelve-month period, without
 prior approval of OFIS, is the greater of 10 of each insurance
 company s statutory surplus, as reported on the most recent
 annual statement filed with OFIS, or the statutory net income,
 excluding realized gains, for the period covered by such annual
 statement. Accordingly, 49.2 million of dividends can be
 paid in 2007 without prior regulatory approval. However, as
 dividends totaling 43.0 million were paid in 2006, only
 6.2 million of dividends could be paid as of
 January 1, 2007, without regulatory approval. The remaining
 43.0 million of dividends that can be paid in 2007 is
 subject to limitation based on the timing and amount of the
 dividends that were paid in the preceding 12 months.

Change of Control. The Michigan Insurance Code
 requires that OFIS receive prior notice of and approve a change
 of control for APCapital or any of its Michigan-domiciled
 insurance subsidiaries. The Michigan Insurance Code contains a
 complete definition of control. In simplified terms,
 a person, corporation, or other entity would obtain
 control of American Physicians or APCapital if they
 possessed, had a right to acquire possession, or had the power
 to direct any other person acquiring possession, directly or
 indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting securities of either
 company. To obtain approval for a change of control, the
 proposed acquirer must file an application with OFIS containing
 detailed information such as the identity and background of the
 acquirer and its affiliates, the sources of and amount of funds
 to be used to effect the acquisition, and financial information
 regarding the proposed acquirer.

Risk-Based Capital Requirements. In addition
 to other state-imposed insurance laws and regulations, OFIS
 enforces requirements developed by the National Association of
 Insurance Commissioners, or NAIC, that require insurance
 companies to calculate and report information under a risk-based
 formula that attempts to measure capital and surplus needs based
 on the risks in a company s mix of products and investment
 portfolio. Under the formula, we first determine our risk-based
 capital base level by taking into account risks with respect to
 our assets and underwriting risks relating to our liabilities
 and obligations. We then compare our total adjusted
 capital to the base level. Our total adjusted
 capital is determined by subtracting our liabilities from
 our assets in accordance with rules established by OFIS. A ratio
 of total adjusted capital to risk-based capital of less than 2.0
 may give rise to enhanced regulatory scrutiny or even a
 regulatory takeover of the insurer, depending on the extent to
 which the ratio is less than 2.0.

The ratio for our primary insurance subsidiary, American
 Physicians, has always exceeded 2.0. As of December 31,
 2006, American Physicians risk-based capital base level
 was 46.0 million and its total adjusted capital was
 233.9 million, for a ratio of 5.1. The ratio of risk-based
 capital to total adjusted capital for our other two insurance
 subsidiaries, APSpecialty and Insurance Corporation of America,
 was 95.5 and 9.9 respectively, at December 31, 2006.

IRIS Requirements. The NAIC has also developed
 a series of 13 financial ratios, referred to as the Insurance
 Regulatory Information System, or IRIS, for use by state
 insurance regulators in monitoring the financial condition of
 insurance companies. The NAIC has established an acceptable
 range of values for each of the IRIS financial ratios.
 Generally, an insurance company will become the subject of
 increased scrutiny when four or more of its IRIS ratio results
 fall outside the range deemed acceptable by the NAIC. The nature
 of increased regulatory scrutiny resulting from IRIS ratio
 results outside the acceptable range is subject to the judgment
 of the applicable state insurance department, but generally will
 result in accelerated reviews of annual and quarterly filings.

7

Table of Contents 

In 2006, our primary insurance subsidiary, American Physicians,
 did not generate any ratios that varied from values within the
 NAIC s acceptable range. APCapital s other two
 insurance subsidiaries, APSpecialty and ICA both had one ratio
 value outside the NAIC s acceptable range, which is common
 for companies whose business is in run-off as is the case with
 APSpecialty and ICA.

Guaranty Fund. We participate in various
 guaranty associations in the states in which we write business
 that protect policyholders and claimants against losses due to
 insolvency of insurers. When an insolvency occurs, the
 associations are authorized to assess member companies up to the
 amount of the shortfall of funds, including expenses. Member
 companies are assessed based on the type and amount of insurance
 written during the previous calendar year. We make estimated
 accruals for our portion of the assessments as information
 becomes available.

Employees 

As of December 31, 2006, we had 164 employees. None of the
 employees are covered by a collective bargaining unit and we
 believe that employee relations are good.

Uncertainties
 Relating To Forward-Looking Statements 

We make forward-looking statements in this report and may make
 such statements in future filings with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission. We may also make forward-looking statements
 in our press releases or other public or shareholder
 communications. Our forward-looking statements are subject to
 risks and uncertainties and include information about our
 expectations and possible or assumed future results of our
 operations. When we use words such as will, 
 should, believes, expects, 
 anticipates, estimates or similar
 expressions, we are making forward-looking statements.

We claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking
 statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform
 Act of 1995 for all of our forward-looking statements. While we
 believe that our forward-looking statements are reasonable, you
 should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking
 statements, which speak only as of the date made. Because these
 forward-looking statements are based on estimates and
 assumptions that are subject to significant business, economic
 and competitive uncertainties, many of which are beyond our
 control or are subject to change, actual results could be
 materially different. Factors that might cause such a difference
 include, without limitation, the risks and uncertainties
 discussed from time to time in our reports filed with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission, including those listed in
 Item 1A Risk Factors in this report.

Other factors not currently anticipated by management may also
 materially and adversely affect our financial condition,
 liquidity or results of operations. Except as required by
 applicable law, we do not undertake, and expressly disclaim, any
 obligation to publicly update or alter our statements whether as
 a result of new information, events or circumstances occurring
 after the date of this report or otherwise.

Item 1A. 

Risk
 Factors. 

An investment in our common stock involves numerous risks and
 uncertainties. You should carefully consider the following
 information about these risks. Any of the risks described below
 could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our
 future results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
 The most significant of these risks and uncertainties are as
 follows:

Increased
 competition could adversely affect our ability to sell our
 products at premium rates we deem adequate, which may result in
 a decrease in premium volume. 

The medical professional liability insurance business tends to
 cycle through what are often referred to as hard and
 soft markets. A hard market is generally
 characterized as a period of rapidly raising premium rates,
 tightened underwriting standards, narrowed coverage and the
 withdrawal of insurers from certain markets. Soft markets are
 usually characterized by relatively flat or slow-rising premium
 rates, less stringent underwriting standards, expanded coverage
 and strong competition among insurers. The medical professional
 liability insurance market has been moving towards a softer
 market over the last year. This change in trend and the
 accompanying competitive pressures could adversely impact our
 ability to obtain rate increases we deem necessary to adequately

8

Table of Contents 

cover insured risks, which could ultimately result in a decrease
 in premium volume as physicians currently insured with us elect
 to place their coverage elsewhere.

Our
 reserves for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses are
 based on estimates that may prove to be inadequate to cover our
 losses. 

The process of estimating the reserves for unpaid losses and
 loss adjustment expenses involves significant judgment and is
 complex and imprecise due to the number of variables and
 assumptions inherent in the estimation process. These variables
 include the effects on ultimate loss payments of internal
 factors such as changes in claims handling practices and changes
 in the mix of our products, as well as external factors such as
 changes in loss frequency and severity trends, economic
 inflation, judicial trends and legislative and regulatory
 changes. In addition, medical professional liability claims may
 take several years to resolve due to typical delays in reporting
 claims to us, the often lengthy discovery process, and the time
 necessary to defend the claim. Also, claims with similar
 characteristics may result in very different ultimate losses
 depending on the state or region where the claim occurred. All
 of these factors contribute to the variability in estimating
 ultimate loss payments, especially since the effects of many of
 these variables cannot be directly quantified, and may require
 us to make significant adjustments in our reserves from time to
 time. Any such adjustments could materially and adversely affect
 our results of operations for the period with respect to which
 the adjustment is made. Due to the current volatility of losses
 in the medical professional liability and workers 
 compensation markets, adjustments have occurred in each of the
 last several years.

An
 interruption or change in current marketing and agency
 relationships could reduce the amount of premium we are able to
 write. 

We currently carry the endorsement of the Michigan State Medical
 Society and other such organizations, which we believe provides
 us with a competitive advantage. If the endorsement of these
 organizations were to lapse, we could see a reduction in our
 premium volumes in markets such as Michigan, where such
 organizations carry influence. In addition, approximately 69 of
 our medical professional liability direct premiums written are
 produced by 10 agencies. One agency in particular, the SCW
 Agency Group, Inc., produced approximately 32 of our medical
 professional direct premiums written during 2006. An
 interruption or change in the relationship with any of these
 agencies could adversely and materially impact the amount of
 premiums we are able to write.

If we
 are unable to obtain or collect on ceded reinsurance, our
 results of operations and financial condition may be adversely
 affected. 

We use reinsurance arrangements to limit and manage the amount
 of risk we retain and stabilize our underwriting results. The
 amount and cost of reinsurance available to us is subject, in
 large part, to prevailing market conditions beyond our control.
 Our ability to provide insurance at competitive premium rates
 and coverage limits on a continuing basis depends in large part
 upon our ability to secure adequate reinsurance in amounts and
 at rates that are commercially reasonable. Furthermore, we are
 subject to credit risk with respect to our reinsurers because
 reinsurance does not relieve us of liability to our insureds for
 the risks ceded to reinsurers. A significant reinsurer s
 inability or refusal to reimburse us under the terms of our
 reinsurance agreements would result in a charge to income that
 could materially and adversely affect our results of operations
 and financial condition for the period in which the charge is
 incurred. We cannot be assured that we will continue to be able
 to obtain affordable reinsurance from creditworthy reinsurers.

Our
 geographic concentration in certain Midwestern states and New
 Mexico ties our performance to the business, economic,
 regulatory and legislative conditions in those
 states. 

Approximately 97.9 of our total medical professional liability
 direct premiums written in 2006 was written in the states of
 Illinois, Michigan, Ohio, Kentucky and New Mexico. Because of
 this concentration, unfavorable business, economic or regulatory
 conditions in these states could adversely impact the amount of
 premiums we are able to write, the costs associated with loss
 settlement and other expenses.

9

Table of Contents 

A
 downgrade in the A.M. Best Company rating of our primary
 insurance subsidiary could reduce the amount of business we are
 able to write. 

Rating agencies, such as A.M. Best Company, rate insurance
 companies based on financial strength as an indication of a
 company s ability to meet policyholder obligations. Our
 primary insurance subsidiary, American Physicians, has an
 A.M. Best rating of B++ (Very Good). An insurance
 company s rating, and in particular its A.M. Best
 rating, can be a potential source of competitive advantage or
 disadvantage in the marketplace. Accordingly, a downgrade in our
 A.M. Best rating could adversely affect our position in the
 marketplace and could result in a reduction in the amount of
 business we are able to write.

Changes
 in interest rates could adversely impact our results of
 operation, cash flows and financial condition. 

A significant portion of our assets are invested in interest
 bearing fixed-income securities. In recent years, we have earned
 our investment income primarily from interest income on these
 investments. A decrease in prevailing interest rates could
 reduce the return on our investment portfolio, if we must
 reinvest the proceeds of securities that mature at rates below
 those of the securities that mature. The reduced investment
 income could also reduce our cash flows. Conversely, an increase
 in interest rates would reduce the carrying value of our
 available-for-sale 
 fixed-income securities as the market value of these securities
 is typically inversely related to interest rates, which could
 result in a charge to income if determined to be other than
 temporary. An increase in short-term interest rates would also
 increase the interest payments associated with our long-term
 debt as those obligations pay a variable rate of interest that
 is in part based on the three-month London Inter-Bank Offered
 Rate. Any of these consequences may have a material adverse
 effect on our revenues, cash flows and assets, including the
 amount of net unrealized appreciation on investments shown on
 our balance sheet date.

The
 unpredictability of court decisions could have a material impact
 on our operations. 

The financial position or results of operations of our insurance
 subsidiaries may also be adversely affected by court decisions
 that expand insurance coverage beyond the intention of the
 insurer at the time it originally issued an insurance policy. In
 addition, a significant jury award, or series of awards, against
 one or more of our insureds could require us to pay large sums
 of money in excess of our reserve amounts.

Our
 business could be adversely affected by the loss of one or more
 key employees. 

We are heavily dependent upon our senior management and the loss
 of the services of our senior executives could adversely affect
 our business. Our success has been, and will continue to be,
 dependent on our ability to retain the services of existing key
 employees and to attract and retain additional qualified
 personnel in the future. The loss of the services of key
 employees or senior managers, or the inability to identify, hire
 and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future, could
 adversely affect the quality and profitability of our business
 operations.

The
 insurance industry is subject to regulatory oversight that may
 impact the manner in which we operate our business, our ability
 to obtain future premium rate increases, the type and amount of
 our investments, the levels of capital and surplus deemed
 adequate to protect policyholder interests, or the ability of
 our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends to the holding
 company. 

Our insurance business is subject to extensive regulation by the
 applicable state agencies in the jurisdictions in which we
 operate, and especially by OFIS, as our insurance companies are
 domiciled in that state. These state agencies have broad
 regulatory powers designed to protect policyholders, not
 shareholders or other investors. These powers include, but are
 not limited to, the ability to:

place limitations on the types and amounts of our investments,

review and approve or deny premium rate increases,

set standards of solvency to be met and maintained,

review reserve levels,

10

Table of Contents 

review change in control transactions,

limit the ability to pay dividends,

prescribe the form and content of, and to examine, our
 statutory-basis financial statements, and

place limitations on our ability to transact business with and
 between our affiliated insurance companies.

Failure to comply with these regulations could result in
 consequences resulting from a regulatory examination to a
 regulatory takeover. If we fail to comply with insurance
 industry regulations, or if those regulations become more
 burdensome to us, we may not be able to operate profitably or
 may be more limited in the amount of dividends our insurance
 subsidiaries can make to APCapital.

Our
 status as an insurance holding company with no direct operations
 could adversely affect our ability to meet our debt obligations
 and fund future share repurchases. 

APCapital is an insurance holding company. As such, it has no
 ongoing operations and its primary assets are the stock of its
 insurance subsidiaries. The availability of cash needed by
 APCapital to meet its obligations on its outstanding debt,
 repurchase outstanding shares of its common stock and pay its
 operating expenses is largely dependent upon dividends that it
 receives from its insurance subsidiaries. The payment of
 dividends by our insurance subsidiaries is regulated by state
 insurance laws, which restrict the amount of dividends that can
 be made without prior approval by OFIS.

Legislative
 or judicial changes in the tort system may have adverse or
 unintended consequences that could materially and adversely
 affect our results of operations and financial
 condition. 

Changes in laws, at either the national or state level, that
 limit jury awards for non-economic damages relating to medical
 malpractice claims, commonly referred to as tort reform, could
 have unintended adverse consequences for insurers. For example,
 recently passed tort reform legislation in Illinois has made
 more burdensome certain reporting requirements regarding rate
 filings. As a consequence, an increase in claims frequency or
 severity may adversely affect our results of operations as it
 may be more difficult to obtain approval from regulators for
 rate increases the Company deems necessary.

Our
 exit from various markets and lines of business may prove more
 costly than originally anticipated. 

Our exit from various lines of business, such as the
 workers compensation, health and personal and commercial
 lines of business, and from various geographic markets could
 result in future charges to income due to unforeseen costs or
 the need for unanticipated reserve enhancements. Additional
 reserve enhancements may be necessary due to the volatility of
 loss reserves on these run-off lines. Run-off lines typically
 have increased volatility as paid claim trends often emerge
 differently than those that have been historically indicated,
 thus increasing the uncertainty inherent in reserve estimates,
 especially on longer-tailed lines of business.

In addition, most states where we wrote workers 
 compensation insurance have second injury funds and state
 mandated workers compensation pools for high-risk
 employers and industries. Because of the nature of the
 participation in these funds and pools, they typically bear
 higher loss costs than traditional workers compensation
 insurance. This higher risk factor, combined with the
 long-tailed nature of workers compensation claims, means
 that losses related to accident years in which we participated
 in the pools may not yet have emerged and additional assumed
 losses may materialize, which could affect the profitability of
 our operations.

Applicable
 law and various provisions in our articles and bylaws may
 prevent and discourage unsolicited attempts to acquire APCapital
 that you may believe are in your best interests or that might
 result in a substantial profit to you. 

APCapital is subject to provisions of Michigan corporate and
 insurance laws that have the effect of impeding a change of
 control by requiring prior approval of a change of control
 transaction by the OFIS and the board of directors. In addition,
 APCapital s articles of incorporation and bylaws include
 provisions which: (1) allow for the issuance of blank
 check preferred stock without further shareholder
 approval; (2) set high vote requirements for

11

Table of Contents 

certain amendments to the articles of incorporation and bylaws;
 (3) establish a staggered board; (4) limit the ability
 of shareholders to call special meetings; and (5) require
 unanimity for shareholder action taken without a meeting. These
 provisions may discourage a takeover attempt that you consider
 to be in your best interests or in which you would receive a
 substantial premium over the then-current market price. In
 addition, approval by the OFIS of a change of control
 transaction may be withheld even if the transaction would be in
 the shareholders best interest if it determines that the
 transaction would be detrimental to policyholders. As a result
 you may not have an opportunity to participate in such a
 transaction.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 

None

Item 2. 

Properties 

We own our home office in East Lansing, Michigan which comprises
 approximately 89,000 square feet. In addition, we lease
 office space as needed in our major markets to provide a local
 presence. Our leases tend to be five to ten years in length. We
 currently lease and occupy a total of approximately
 26,000 square feet of space in Louisville, Kentucky;
 Chicago, Illinois; Boca Raton, Florida; and Albuquerque, New
 Mexico. Our Boca Raton, Florida and Louisville, Kentucky leases,
 representing approximately 16,000 square feet, expire
 April 30, 2007, and March 31, 2007, respectively. We
 do not anticipate renewing these leases. We also own a parcel of
 investment property in East Lansing, Michigan as part of our
 investment portfolio.

Item 3. 

Legal
 Proceedings 

We are not currently subject to any material litigation. Though
 we have many routine litigation matters in the ordinary course
 of our insurance business, we do not expect these cases to have
 a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
 of operations.

Item 4. 

Submission
 of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

No matters were submitted to a vote of shareholders during the
 three months ended December 31, 2006.

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market
 For Registrant s Common Equity And Related Stockholder
 Matters 

The following table sets forth the high and low sale price per
 share of the common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global
 Market for the periods indicated. Amounts have been
 retroactively adjusted to reflect the
 three-for-two 
 stock split which was effective November 1, 2006. See
 Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further
 information.

Sale Price 

High 

Low 

2006 

October 1 
 December 31, 2006

41.70

31.69

July 1 
 September 30, 2006

34.64

29.95

April 1 June 30,
 2006

35.06

29.25

January 1 
 March 31, 2006

34.04

30.17

2005 

October 1 
 December 31, 2005

32.83

27.61

July 1 
 September 30, 2005

33.70

23.96

April 1 June 30,
 2005

24.83

19.45

January 1 
 March 31, 2005

25.11

21.72

12

Table of Contents 

We have never paid a cash dividend and currently do not intend
 to pay cash dividends in the future. Our ability to pay
 dividends may be contingent on the receipt of cash dividends
 from our subsidiaries. The payment of any dividends from our
 insurance subsidiaries to APCapital is subject to a number of
 regulatory conditions described above under Item 1.
 Business Insurance Regulatory Matters. In
 addition, under the documents relating to the debentures issued
 by APCapital, we would not be able to pay dividends during any
 period during which we delay our obligation to pay interest
 payments to the related trusts pursuant to our rights under
 those documents. See Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements for further information regarding these
 debentures.

As of January 31, 2007, there were 137 shareholders of
 record and approximately 5,600 beneficial shareholders of our
 common stock, based on the records of our transfer agent and
 securities listing information.

The Company has a Stock Compensation Plan pursuant to which it
 has granted stock options and other share-based compensation to
 employees, officers and directors. The Stock Compensation Plan
 was approved by the shareholder in 2000 prior to the
 Company s initial public offering. The following table sets
 forth, with respect to the Stock Compensation Plan, as of
 December 31, 2006, (a) the number of shares of common
 stock to be issued upon the exercise of outstanding options,
 (b) the weighted average exercise price of outstanding
 options, and (c) the number of shares remaining available
 for future issuance. The Compensation Committee of the
 Company s Board of Directors has stated its intention not
 to make any further grants under the Stock Compensation Plan.

Equity Compensation Plans 

Number of shares 

remaining available for 

Number of shares to 

future issuance under 

be issued upon 

Weighted-average 

equity compensation 

exercise of 

exercise price of 

plans (excluding shares 

Plan Category 

outstanding options 

outstanding options 

reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved
 by shareholders:

542,320

16.59

6,540

Equity compensation plans not
 approved by shareholders:

The Company may from time to time repurchase shares of its
 outstanding common stock. The Company s repurchase of any
 of its shares is subject to limitations that may be imposed by
 applicable laws and regulations and rules of the Nasdaq Global
 Market. The timing of the purchase and the number of shares to
 be bought at any one time depend on market conditions and the
 Company s capital requirements. The following table sets
 forth our recent repurchase activity.

Total 

Total Number of 

Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar 

Number of 

Average 

Shares Purchased 

Value) of Shares that May Yet Be 

Shares 

Price Paid 

as Part of Publicly 

Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

Purchased(a) 

per Share 

Announced Plans 

Discretionary Plan(b) 

Rule 10b5-1 
 Plan(c) 

For the month ended
 October 31, 2006

57,000

34.36

57,000

404,804

7,044,496

For the month ended
 November 30, 2006

68,650

36.56

68,650

354,804

6,355,464

For the month ended
 December 31, 2006

65,000

39.88

65,000

289,804

6,355,464

For the three months ended
 December 31, 2006

190,650

37.03

190,650

289,804

6,355,464

For the year ended
 December 31, 2006

1,083,639

32.33

1,075,350

289,804

6,355,464

(a) 

In February 2006, a member of the Company s Board of
 Directors exercised 20,000 options. As permitted by the American
 Physicians Capital, Inc. Stock Compensation Plan, the Board
 member tendered 8,289 mature shares in lieu of a cash payment. 

(b) 

In November 2005, the Board of Directors authorized the purchase
 of an additional five percent of the Company s outstanding
 common shares, which represents approximately
 637,500 shares, at the discretion of 

13

Table of Contents 

management as part of a repurchase program that began
 March 30, 2001 (referred to as the discretionary
 plan ). This most recent authorization brings the total
 number of shares authorized to be repurchased under the
 discretionary plan to 6,060,659. The timing of the purchases and
 the number of shares to be bought at any time depend on market
 conditions and the Company s capital resources and
 requirements. The discretionary plan has no expiration date and
 may be terminated at any time. 

(c) 

In April 2006, the Company announced that its Board of Directors
 authorized an additional share repurchase of 20 million of
 its common shares, which would be repurchased under a newly
 adopted plan under
 Rule 10b5-1 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In August 2006, the
 Board of Directors authorized an additional share repurchase of
 10 million under the
 Rule 10b5-1 
 plan. The 2006
 Rule 10b5-1 
 plan share repurchases are made pursuant to a formula in the
 plan and are expected to continue until the entire
 authorizations are utilized, subject to conditions specified in
 the plan, but not later than December 31, 2006. The Company
 may terminate the plan at any time. On October 27, 2006,
 the Company s Board of Directors adopted a new stock
 repurchase plan for 2007 under
 Rule 10b5-1 
 and authorized an additional share repurchase of
 32 million of its common shares. In addition, the Board
 authorized the rollover into the 2007 plan of 6.4 million
 allocated to the 2006 10b5-1 plan that was unused at
 December 31, 2006. 

14

Table of Contents 

Item 6. 

Selected
 Financial Data 

The following selected financial data, other than the selected
 statutory data, is derived from our Consolidated Financial
 Statements which were prepared in accordance with GAAP. The data
 should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial
 Statements, related Notes and other financial information
 included elsewhere in this report. The selected statutory data
 is derived from our annual statements which were prepared in
 accordance with statutory accounting practices as required by
 insurance regulatory authorities. See Note 19 of the Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the
 principal differences between GAAP and statutory accounting
 practices. Such information is incorporated herein by reference.

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

2003 

2002(a) 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Revenue:

Direct premiums written

156,866

185,511

213,945

256,235

266,260

Net premiums written

146,723

157,382

186,431

224,647

238,417

Net premiums earned

149,688

164,283

200,579

224,590

235,551

Investment income

45,253

45,163

47,373

43,294

44,775

Net realized gains (losses)

3,310

2,033

1,551

2,403

(163

Other income

1,031

1,387

1,177

1,104

376

Total revenues and other income

199,282

212,866

250,680

271,391

280,539

Losses and expenses:

Losses and loss adjustment expenses

100,458

127,124

177,786

252,742

242,028

Underwriting expenses

30,521

33,080

42,681

51,104

48,593

Investment expenses

845

1,411

2,460

2,940

2,515

Interest expense(b)

3,057

2,518

1,895

1,498

373

Amortization expense(b)

625

915

261

Other expenses

1,398

3,241

5,193

3,729

1,971

Total losses and expenses

136,279

167,999

230,930

312,274

295,480

Income (loss) before federal
 income tax (benefit) expense and minority interest and
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle

63,003

44,867

19,750

(40,883

(14,941

Federal income tax expense
 (benefit)(c)

19,816

(27,952

(290

36,296

(5,529

Income (loss) before minority
 interest and cumulative effect of a change in accounting
 principle

43,187

72,819

20,040

(77,179

(9,412

Minority interest in net (income)
 loss of consolidated subsidiary

(453

(10

348

Income (loss) before cumulative
 effect of a change in accounting principle

43,187

72,366

20,030

(76,831

(9,412

Cumulative effect of a change in
 accounting principle

(9,079

Net income (loss)

43,187

72,366

20,030

(76,831

(18,491

Net income (loss) per
 share basic

3.59

5.65

1.58

(6.01

(1.32

Weighted average shares
 outstanding basic

12,015

12,807

12,683

12,781

14,010

Net income (loss) per
 share diluted

3.52

5.53

1.53

(6.01

(1.32

Weighted average shares
 outstanding diluted(d)

12,274

13,094

13,082

(b)

(b)

15

Table of Contents 

(a) 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2002 includes a
 9.1 million charge, net of tax, for the write-off of
 goodwill related to the adoption of Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 142
 SFAS No. 142 ), Goodwill and Other
 Intangible Assets. In accordance with the transitional
 guidance given in SFAS No. 142, this write-off,
 related to the adoption of the standard, was treated as a
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle. 

(b) 

Debt issue cost amortization of 181,000, 181,000 and 128,000
 in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively, has been reclassified from
 amortization expense to interest expense to conform to the
 current year presentation. 

(c) 

Federal income tax expense includes (benefit) expense of
 44.1) million, 6.6) million and 50.7 million
 in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively, related to the reversal,
 change in or establishment of a deferred tax valuation allowance. 

(d) 

As the Company was in a net loss position for the years ended
 December 31, 2003 and 2002, the dilutive effect of options
 or other share-based awards was not calculated as the impact
 would have been anti-dilutive. 

At or For the Year Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

2003 

2002 

Balance Sheet Data:

Total cash and investments

875,276

854,359

858,098

834,005

801,556

Total assets

1,095,815

1,109,328

1,069,899

1,063,046

1,058,918

Total liabilities

827,005

845,475

865,575

859,037

778,629

Total GAAP shareholders 
 equity(a)

268,810

261,212

202,124

201,808

280,289

GAAP Ratios:

Loss ratio

67.1

77.4

88.6

112.5

102.7

Underwriting expense ratio

20.4

20.1

21.3

22.8

20.6

Combined ratio

87.5

97.5

109.9

135.3

123.3

Statutory Data

Loss ratio

67.5

77.6

88.6

112.5

103.2

Underwriting expense ratio(b)

22.3

22.7

23.8

23.3

20.9

Combined ratio

89.8

100.3

112.4

135.8

124.1

Surplus

248,929

240,135

210,874

150,270

190,216

Ratio of statutory net premiums
 written to surplus

0.59

x

0.64

x

0.87

x

1.49

x

1.25x

(a) 

No dividends were paid during the periods presented. 

(b) 

The statutory underwriting expense ratio is calculated by
 dividing statutory underwriting expenses by net premiums written
 as opposed to the GAAP underwriting expense ratio, which uses
 net premiums earned as the denominator. 

Item 7. 

Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations 

The following discussion and analysis should be read in
 conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the
 Notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. The discussion
 that follows contains certain forward-looking statements
 relating to our anticipated future financial condition,
 operating results, cash flows and our current business plans.
 When we use words such as will, should, 
 believes, expects, 
 anticipates, estimates or similar
 expressions, we are making forward-looking statements. These
 forward-looking statements represent our outlook only as of the
 date of this report. While we believe any forward-looking
 statements we have made are reasonable, actual results could
 differ materially since the statements are based on our current
 expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. These
 risks and uncertainties are detailed under
 Item 1A Risk Factors and elsewhere
 in this report and from time to time in other reports we have
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The
 cross-referenced information is incorporated herein by reference.

16

Table of Contents 

Overview 

As a property and casualty insurer, our results of operations
 are primarily driven by our underwriting results, which are
 measured by subtracting incurred loss and loss adjustment
 expenses and underwriting expenses from net premiums earned.
 While our underwriting gain (loss) is a key performance
 indicator of our operations, it is not uncommon for a property
 and casualty insurer to generate an underwriting loss, yet earn
 a profit overall, because of the availability of investment
 income to offset the underwriting loss.

An insurance company earns investment income on what is commonly
 referred to as the float. The float is money that we
 hold, in the form of investments, from premiums that we have
 collected. While a substantial portion of the premiums we
 collect will ultimately be used to make claim payments and to
 pay for claims adjustment expenses, the period of time that we
 hold the float prior to paying losses can extend over several
 years, especially with a long-tailed line of business such as
 medical professional liability. The key factors that determine
 the amount of investment income we are able to generate are the
 rate of return, or yield, on invested assets and the length of
 time we are able to hold the float.

Our medical professional liability insurance business is
 discussed in detail in Item 1. Business 
 Medical Professional Liability Operations. 

Critical
 Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
 America requires us to make estimates and assumptions that
 affect amounts reported in the accompanying Consolidated
 Financial Statements and related Notes. These estimates and
 assumptions are evaluated on an on-going basis based on
 historical developments, market conditions, industry trends and
 other information we believe to be reasonable under the
 circumstances. There can be no assurance that actual results
 will conform to our estimates and assumptions, and that reported
 results of operations will not be materially adversely affected
 by the need to make accounting adjustments to reflect changes in
 these estimates and assumptions from time to time. Adjustments
 related to changes in estimates are reflected in the
 Company s earnings in the period those estimates changed.
 The following policies are those we believe to be the most
 sensitive to estimates and judgments or involve revenue
 recognition. Our significant accounting policies are more fully
 described in Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial
 Statements. Such information is incorporated herein by reference.

Unpaid
 Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements include estimated reserves
 for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses related to our
 various insurance lines of business. Our actuaries utilize
 standard actuarial techniques to project ultimate losses based
 on our paid and incurred loss information and claim count, as
 well as industry data. These projections are prepared using the
 Company s data, including the number of claims reported and
 paid, and the average severity of reported and paid claims, as
 well as industry data. This process assumes that past
 experience, adjusted for the effects of current developments and
 anticipated trends, is an appropriate basis for predicting
 future events. Based on these quantitative as well as other
 qualitative factors, such as a review of current pricing and
 underwriting initiatives, an evaluation of reinsurance costs and
 retention levels, and the current reserving practices of the
 Company s claims department, we select a best
 estimate of ultimate future losses, and then record this
 best estimate in the Company s Consolidated Financial
 Statements. We receive an annual statement of opinion by an
 independent consulting actuary concerning the adequacy of our
 reserves, as required by insurance regulatory authorities.

When a claim is reported to us, claims personnel establish a
 case reserve for the estimated amount of the
 ultimate payment. The process of estimating the reserves
 reflects an informed judgement based upon insurance reserving
 practices appropriate for the relevant line of business and on
 the experience and knowledge of the estimator regarding the
 nature and value of the specific claim, the severity of injury
 or damage, and the policy provisions relating to the type of
 loss. The variables considered include the effects on ultimate
 loss payments of internal factors such as claims handling
 practices and changes in the mix of our products, as well as
 external factors such as changes in loss severity trends,
 economic inflation, judicial trends and legislative and
 regulatory changes. Case reserves are periodically adjusted by
 the claims staff, as more information becomes available. The
 estimation

17

Table of Contents 

of ultimate liability for losses and loss adjustment expenses is
 an inherently uncertain process and does not represent an exact
 calculation of that liability. We maintain reserves for claims
 incurred but not reported, commonly referred to as IBNR, to
 provide for future reporting of already incurred claims and
 developments on reported claims. The reserve for IBNR claims is
 determined based on historical loss trends.

As it often takes several years for medical professional
 liability claims to be resolved (three to six years on average
 from the time the loss is reported) the ultimate payment can be
 difficult to project due to typical delays in reporting claims
 to us, the often lengthy discovery process, and the time
 necessary to defend the claim. In addition, changes in our case
 reserving philosophy can introduce additional uncertainty into
 the actuarial estimation process. Further, claims with similar
 characteristics may result in very different ultimate losses
 depending on the state or region where the claim occurred. All
 of these factors contribute to the variability in estimating
 ultimate loss payments, especially since the effects of many of
 these variables cannot be directly quantified on a prospective
 basis.

Although considerable variability is inherent in such estimates,
 we believe that the reserve for unpaid losses and loss
 adjustment expenses is adequate. However, there can be no
 assurance that losses will not exceed the reserve for unpaid
 losses and loss adjustment expenses, as future trends related to
 the frequency and severity of claims, and other factors, may
 develop differently than management has projected.

The assumptions and methodologies used in estimating and
 establishing the reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment
 expenses are continually reviewed and any adjustments are
 reflected as income or expense in the period in which the
 adjustment is made. Historically, such adjustments have not
 exceeded 8 of our recorded net reserves as of the beginning of
 the period, but they can materially and adversely affect our
 results of operations when an adjustment is made. Due to the
 current volatility of losses in the medical professional
 liability industry, adjustments have occurred in each of the
 last several years.

With the exception of reserves for extended reporting period
 claims discussed below, we do not discount our reserves to
 recognize the time value of money.

Investments 

The Company classifies all investment securities as either
 held-to-maturity 
 or
 available-for-sale 
 at the date of purchase based on the Company s ability and
 intent to hold individual securities until they mature. In
 addition, on a periodic basis, the Company reviews its
 fixed-income and equity security portfolio for proper
 classification as trading,
 available-for-sale 
 or
 held-to-maturity. 
 In 2005, the Company concluded that it had both the intent and
 ability to hold a significant portion of the Company s
 fixed-income securities to maturity. Accordingly, the Company
 transferred fixed-income securities, with an estimated fair
 value of approximately 398.3 million at the date of
 transfer, from the
 available-for-sale 
 category to the
 held-to-maturity 
 category. The remainder of the Company s fixed-income
 security portfolio, as well as its equity securities held for
 investment, remained in the
 available-for-sale 
 category.

The Company accounted for the transfer of these fixed-income
 securities from the
 available-for-sale 
 to the
 held-to-maturity 
 category at the estimated fair value of the securities at the
 date of transfer. Any unrealized gains or losses, net of taxes,
 at the date of transfer continue to be reported as a component
 of accumulated other comprehensive income, and in effect will be
 amortized over the remaining life of the security through other
 comprehensive income. The original premium or discount will
 continue to be amortized as an adjustment to yield as a
 component of investment income.

Available-for-sale 
 fixed-income and equity securities are reported at their
 estimated fair value, with any unrealized gains and losses
 reported net of any related tax effects, as a component of
 accumulated other comprehensive income. Any change in the
 estimated fair value of
 available-for-sale 
 investment securities during the period is reported as
 unrealized appreciation or depreciation, net of any related tax
 effects, in other comprehensive income.
 Held-to-maturity 
 securities, other than those transferred to the
 held-to-maturity 
 category as described above, are carried at amortized cost.
 Investment income includes amortization of premium and accrual
 of discount for both
 held-to-maturity 
 and available for sale securities on the
 yield-to-maturity 
 method if investments are acquired at other than par value.

18

Table of Contents 

The fair value of fixed-income securities is based on market
 quotations provided to us by our third-party custodian who
 engages independent third party pricing sources that use
 valuation models. The valuation models used by the independent
 third party pricing sources use indicative information such as
 ratings, industry, coupon, and maturity along with publicly
 traded bond prices to determine security specific spreads, and
 the ultimate fair value of the non-publicly traded fixed
 maturity securities. Investment real estate is carried at the
 lesser of historical cost or at estimated fair value based on
 recent sales or offers for similar properties. Realized gains or
 losses on sales or maturities of investments are determined on a
 specific identification basis and are credited or charged to
 income.

We periodically review our investment portfolio for any
 potential credit quality or collection issues and for any
 securities with respect to which we consider any decline in
 market value to be other than temporary. Investments which are
 considered to be other than temporarily impaired, or OTTI, are
 written down to their estimated net realizable value as of the
 end of the period in which the OTTI was noted. Subsequent
 recoveries in the fair value of impaired securities are not
 reported in income, but rather as unrealized gains, net of tax,
 in comprehensive income. Inherent in our evaluation of a
 particular security are assumptions and estimates about the
 operations of the issuer, and its future liquidity and earnings
 potential. Some of the factors considered in evaluating whether
 a decline in market value is other than temporary are:

Our ability and intent to retain the investment for a period of
 time sufficient to allow for an anticipated recovery in value;

The recoverability of principal and interest related to the
 security;

The duration and extent to which the fair value has been less
 than cost for equity securities, or amortized cost for fixed
 maturity securities;

The financial condition, near-term and long-term earnings and
 cash flow prospects of the issuer, including relevant industry
 conditions and trends, and implications of rating agency
 actions; and

The specific reasons that a security is in a significant
 unrealized loss position, including market conditions that could
 affect access to liquidity.

During the year ended December 31, 2006, we recorded losses
 of 178,000 related to various equity securities whose decline
 in fair value was deemed to be other than temporary based on
 their anticipated liquidation.

Reserve
 for Extended Reporting Period Claims 

A portion of the coverage that physicians purchase under
 claims-made policies is for an additional death, disability and
 retirement, or DDR, insurance benefit. This DDR coverage
 provides coverage to the physician for any prior incidents
 occurring during the coverage period that are reported after
 their death, disability or retirement. The loss exposure
 associated with this product is known as extended reporting
 period claims. The reserve for extended reporting period claims
 coverage is recorded during the term of the original claims-made
 policy, based on the present value of future estimated benefits,
 including morbidity and mortality assumptions, less the present
 value of expected future premiums associated with this DDR
 coverage. The reserves for these claims fluctuate based on the
 number of physicians who are eligible for this coverage and
 their age. Any changes in the DDR reserves are reflected as an
 expense in the period in which we become aware that an
 adjustment is necessary. At December 31, 2006 and 2005, our
 recorded DDR reserves were 13.0 million and
 15.0 million, respectively, which include a discount
 related to the present value calculation of approximately
 5.5 million and 5.7 million, respectively.

Revenue
 Recognition 

Insurance premium income is generally recognized on a daily pro
 rata basis over the respective terms of the policies in-force
 which is generally one year. Certain extended reporting
 endorsements, often referred to as tail coverage, allow extended
 reporting of insured events after the termination of the
 original claims-made policy by modifying the exposure period of
 the underlying contract. Tail coverage can modify the exposure
 period for a definite or indefinite period. Premiums associated
 with tail policies that provide coverage for a definite period
 are earned over the period additional coverage is provided using
 the daily pro rata method. Premiums for tail policies

19

Table of Contents 

that provide additional coverage for an indefinite period are
 fully earned at the date of issuance. Unearned premiums
 represent the portion of premiums written which are applicable
 to the unexpired terms of policies in-force.

Reinsurance 

Reinsurance premiums and losses related to reinsured business
 are accounted for on bases consistent with those used in
 accounting for the original policies issued and the terms of the
 reinsurance contracts. Premiums ceded to other companies are
 reported as a reduction of premium income. Reinsured losses
 incurred are reported as a reduction of gross losses incurred.

Prior to 2006, the portion of the policyholder premium ceded to
 the reinsurers under our primary professional liability
 reinsurance contract was swing-rated, or experience
 rated, on a retrospective basis. This swing-rated contract was
 subject to a minimum and maximum premium range to be paid to the
 reinsurers in the future, depending upon the extent of losses
 actually paid by the reinsurers. We paid a provisional premium
 during the initial policy year. A liability was recorded to
 represent an estimate of net additional payments to be made to
 the reinsurers under the program, based on the level of paid
 losses and LAE and reserves recorded subject to a given
 year s treaty. To the extent that our estimate for unpaid
 losses and loss adjustment expenses changed, the amount of swing
 rated reinsurance premiums may also change. Effective
 January 1, 2006, our reinsurance treaty was no longer
 swing-rated. 

We annually review the financial stability of all of our
 reinsurers. This review includes a ratings analysis of each
 reinsurer participating in a reinsurance contract. At
 December 31, 2006, there are no known issues with the
 financial solvency of our reinsurers or their ultimate ability
 to pay amounts due to us. Our reinsurance arrangements are
 discussed in more detail in Item 1.
 Business Medical Professional Liability
 Operations and in Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.

Income
 Taxes 

Deferred federal income tax assets and liabilities are
 recognized for the estimated future tax consequences
 attributable to the difference between financial statement
 carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities, and their
 respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
 measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
 income in the years in which those temporary differences are
 expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax
 assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in
 income in the period that includes the enactment date.

A determination must be made for deferred tax assets regarding
 whether it is more likely than not that sufficient taxable
 income will exist in future periods when deductible temporary
 differences are expected to reverse to enable the Company to
 realize the benefit of its deferred tax assets. If it is
 determined that it is more likely than not that sufficient
 taxable income will not exist, a valuation allowance should be
 recorded for the portion of deferred tax assets the Company
 likely will not realize.

In 2003, as a result of its assessment of the realizability of
 its deferred tax assets, the Company recorded a full valuation
 allowance against its net deferred tax asset. However, in 2005,
 after several consecutive quarters of pre-tax income, the
 Company concluded that deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 was no longer necessary. Accordingly, the Company reversed the
 entire valuation allowance balance in 2005.

Changes in the valuation allowance during 2005 and 2004 were
 allocated in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements
 to federal income taxes, a component of net income, other
 comprehensive income, or other components of shareholders 
 equity, depending on the nature of the deferred item that gave
 rise to the change. See Notes 1 and 10 of the Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the
 deferred tax valuation allowance and its impact on our financial
 condition and results of operations. Such information is
 incorporated herein by reference.

We record any excess tax benefits related to employee
 share-based awards as a credit to additional paid in capital in
 the year that they are currently deductible in the
 Company s consolidated tax return.

20

Table of Contents 

Deferred
 Policy Acquisition Costs 

Deferred policy acquisition costs, or DAC, are those costs that
 vary with and are primarily related to the production of new, or
 renewal, business and include such costs as commissions, premium
 taxes and other costs incurred in connection with writing
 business. These costs are deferred and amortized over the period
 in which the related premiums are earned. Under GAAP, the
 premiums that will be earned in future periods, to which these
 deferred costs relate, must produce sufficient profits to offset
 the future expense that will be recognized from the amortization
 of the DAC; that is, the DAC must be recoverable. In evaluating
 the recoverability of DAC, we have made certain assumptions
 regarding the future amount and timing of costs associated with
 the business written, such as costs to maintain the policies and
 the ultimate projected loss and loss adjustment expense payments
 associated with these policies. In addition, we have considered
 future investment income, at an assumed 4.5 yield, in
 determining the recoverability of DAC. Based on our analysis as
 of December 31, 2006, the DAC carried on the Consolidated
 Balance Sheets, included elsewhere in this report, of
 7.6 million, was deemed to be fully recoverable.

Share-Based
 Compensation 

On January 1, 2006, we began accounting for stock options
 and non-vested stock awards under the provisions of Statement of
 Financial Accounting Standard No. 123 (revised 2004),
 Share-Based Payment , or SFAS No. 123(R),
 which requires the recognition of share-based compensation
 expense based on the fair value of the awards granted. Prior to
 the adoption of SFAS No. 123(R), we had accounted for
 stock options using the intrinsic value method, which resulted
 in no compensation expense for stock option awards as the option
 exercise prices were equal to the market price of the
 Company s stock at the respective dates of grant. Under
 both the intrinsic value and fair value models, compensation
 expense for non-vested share awards is based on the market price
 of the Company s stock at the date of grant.

Details regarding the adoption of SFAS No. 123(R) and
 our equity compensation plans, including the assumptions
 utilized in estimating the fair value of option awards, are more
 fully described in Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. If
 different assumptions were used in the option valuation models,
 share-based compensation expense would differ from that recorded
 in the current period, and from that which is expected to be
 recorded in future periods. Pre-tax share-based compensation
 expense for the year ended December 31, 2006, was
 approximately 571,000. As of December 31, 2006, the
 Company had 205,000 of unrecognized compensation costs related
 to non-vested share-based payment awards that are expected to be
 recognized over a weighted average period of seven months.

Description
 of Ratios Analyzed 

In the analysis of our operating results that follows, we refer
 to various financial ratios that management uses to analyze and
 compare the underwriting results of our insurance operations.
 These ratios are calculated on a GAAP basis and include:

Loss
 Ratio 

This ratio compares our losses and loss adjustment expenses
 incurred, net of reinsurance, to our net premiums earned, and
 indicates how much we expect to pay policyholders for claims and
 related settlement expenses compared to the amount of premiums
 we earn. The calendar year loss ratio uses all losses and loss
 adjustment expenses incurred in the current calendar year (i.e.,
 related to all accident years). The accident year loss ratio
 uses only those loss and loss adjustment expenses that relate to
 the current accident year (i.e., excludes the effect of
 development on prior year loss reserves). The lower the
 percentage, the more profitable our insurance business is, all
 other things being equal.

Underwriting
 Expense Ratio 

This ratio compares our expenses to obtain new business and
 renew existing business, plus normal operating expenses, to our
 net premiums earned. The ratio is used to measure how efficient
 we are at obtaining business and operating the insurance
 segments. The lower the percentage, the more efficient we are,
 all else being equal. Sometimes, however, a higher underwriting
 expense ratio can result in better business as more rigorous
 risk

21

Table of Contents 

management and underwriting procedures may result in the
 non-renewal of higher risk accounts, which can in turn improve
 our loss ratio, and overall profitability.

Combined
 Ratio 

This ratio equals the sum of our loss ratio and underwriting
 expense ratio. The lower the percentage, the more profitable our
 insurance business is. This ratio excludes the effects of
 investment income.

The statutory ratios will differ from GAAP ratios as a result of
 differences in accounting between the statutory basis of
 accounting and GAAP. Additionally, the denominator for the
 underwriting expense ratio for GAAP is net premiums earned,
 compared to net premiums written for the statutory underwriting
 expense ratio.

Results
 of Operations 

Consolidated
 Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth our results of operations for the
 years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 on a
 consolidated basis. The discussion that follows should be read
 in connection with the Consolidated Financial Statements, and
 Notes thereto, included elsewhere in this report.

2006 vs. 2005 

Percentage 

2005 vs. 2004 

Percentage 

2006 

2005 

Change 

Change 

2004 

Change 

Change 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Direct premiums written

156,866

185,511

(28,645

15.4

213,945

(28,434

13.3

Net premiums written

146,723

157,382

(10,659

6.8

186,431

(29,049

15.6

Net earned premium

149,688

164,283

(14,595

8.9

200,579

(36,296

18.1

Losses and loss adjustment expenses

Current year losses

113,338

131,496

(18,158

13.8

171,600

(40,104

23.4

Prior year losses

(12,880

(4,372

(8,508

194.6

6,186

(10,558

170.7

Total

100,458

127,124

(26,666

21.0

177,786

(50,662

28.5

Underwriting expenses

30,521

33,080

(2,559

7.7

42,681

(9,601

22.5

Total underwriting gain (loss)

18,709

4,079

14,630

358.7

(19,888

23,967

120.5

Other revenue (expense) items 

Investment income

45,253

45,163

90

0.2

47,373

(2,210

4.7

Net realized gains

3,310

2,033

1,277

62.8

1,551

482

31.1

Other income

1,031

1,387

(356

25.7

1,177

210

17.8

Other expenses(1)

(5,300

(7,795

2,495

32.0

(10,463

2,668

25.5

Total other revenue and expense
 items

44,294

40,788

3,506

8.6

39,638

1,150

2.9

Income before federal income taxes
 and minority interest

63,003

44,867

18,136

40.4

19,750

25,117

127.2

Federal income tax expense (benefit)

19,816

(27,952

47,768

170.9

(290

(27,662

9538.6

Income before minority interest

43,187

72,819

(29,632

40.7

20,040

52,779

263.4

Minority interest in income of
 consolidated subsidiary

(453

453

100.0

(10

(443

4430.0

Net income

43,187

72,366

(29,179

40.3

20,030

52,336

261.3

Loss Ratio:

Accident year

75.7

80.0

4.3

85.6

5.6

Prior years

8.6

2.6

6.0

3.0

5.6

Calendar year

67.1

77.4

10.3

88.6

11.2

Underwriting expense ratio

20.4

20.1

0.3

21.3

1.2

Combined ratio

87.5

97.5

10.0

109.9

12.4

(1) 

Other expenses includes investment expenses, interest expense,
 amortization expense, general and administrative expenses and
 other expenses as reported in the Consolidated Statements of
 Income included elsewhere in this report. 

2006 Compared to 2005. The increase in income
 before federal income taxes and minority interest for 2006 is
 primarily the result of improved underwriting results. Increases
 in investment income and realized gains, as well

22

Table of Contents 

as a decrease in other expenses, also contributed to the
 increase in net income before taxes. The decrease in net income
 of 29.2 million in 2006 compared to 2005 is primarily
 attributable to the 28.0 million federal income tax
 benefit in 2005, which includes a 44.1 million benefit
 related to the reversal of the deferred tax asset valuation
 allowance.

The following table shows our direct premiums written by major
 geographical market for the years ended December 31, 2006
 and 2005.

For the Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2006 

2005 

Dollar 

Percentage 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Medical professional liability:

Michigan

50,302

53,489

(3,187

6.0

Illinois

48,421

54,536

(6,115

11.2

Ohio

28,292

31,234

(2,942

9.4

New Mexico

20,759

21,667

(908

4.2

Kentucky

5,878

10,337

(4,459

43.1

All Other

3,228

3,799

(571

15.0

Subtotal

156,880

175,062

(18,182

10.4

Exited lines of business

(14

2,057

(2,071

100.7

PIC-Florida

8,392

(8,392

100.0

Total direct premiums written

156,866

185,511

(28,645

15.4

A portion of the decrease in direct premiums written is related
 to the deconsolidation of PIC-Florida and the exit from our
 other lines of business. These items are described more fully in
 Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The
 remaining decrease is attributable to price competition in our
 core professional liability markets, primarily in our Illinois,
 Kentucky and Ohio markets. As a result of the continued soft
 medical professional liability insurance market, we anticipate
 that competitive pressures in our core markets will remain
 strong. However, we remain committed to our strategy of adequate
 pricing and strict underwriting. This strategy may result in the
 loss of additional policyholders and further decreases in direct
 premiums written. Our insured physician count at
 December 31, 2006 was 9,454, a decrease of 1.1 compared to
 December 31, 2005. Our retention ratio, the ratio of
 previously insured physicians compared to the number of
 physicians that we renew, was 82 in 2006 and 2005.

Net premiums written did not decrease as significantly as direct
 premiums written as a result of changes in our reinsurance
 program, which resulted in reduced premium cessions. Effective
 January 1, 2006, we began retaining a 50 participation in
 our excess of loss reinsurance layer, which is all losses in
 excess of 500,000, compared to a 20 participation in 2005. In
 addition to the increase in participation, our 2006 reinsurance
 treaty is no longer swing-rated. Swing-rated treaties and their
 impact on premium cessions is more fully discussed under
 Item 1. Business Reinsurance. Ceded
 premiums written for our core medical professional liability
 business, excluding amounts attributable to PIC-Florida for
 comparative reasons due to its deconsolidation in 2006, were
 6.4 and 11.8 of direct premiums written during 2006 and 2005,
 respectively.

Effective January 1, 2007, we have changed our reinsurance
 program so that we now retain the first 1 million of loss.
 The new treaty provides 100 coverage of 1 million in
 excess of 1 million loss, plus 100 coverage of
 4 million in excess of 1 million on any one loss
 event, both subject to an approximate 2 million loss
 corridor. A loss corridor is a range of losses for which the
 reinsurer provides no coverage. The new treaty, which is
 anticipated to significantly reduce ceded premiums in 2007,
 provides us with coverage against large losses and multiple
 claims arising from a single event, as well as excess policy
 limit coverage. While we anticipate that the 2007 treaty will
 reduce our ceded premiums as a percentage of direct premiums
 written, thus resulting in a relative increase in net premiums
 written and earned, the overall impact on earnings is uncertain
 as the frequency and severity of losses in future periods is not
 yet known.

23

Table of Contents 

The effects of the changes in our reinsurance program did not
 have as dramatic an effect on net premiums earned as it did on
 net premiums written for 2006 compared to 2005, as in 2006 we
 continue to cede earned premiums to reinsurers based on the
 increased ceded amounts written in 2005.

The decrease in our incurred loss and loss adjustment expenses
 was partially attributable to a decrease in net premiums earned
 in 2006. We also continued to benefit from the enhancements we
 have made in our underwriting processes and claims processes
 over the last several years. The changes in our underwriting
 processes have resulted in a more stable book of insured
 accounts, which has resulted in a steady decline in the number
 of claims reported to us each quarter. Reported claims for 2006
 totaled 1,168, compared to 1,513 in 2005. While we anticipate
 that the benefits of the changes in our underwriting and claims
 handling practices will continue to result in decreases in the
 number of claims reported, we anticipate that the rate of
 decrease will be slower than the current rate.

The loss ratio for 2006 was 67.1 compared to 77.4 for 2005.
 The decrease in the loss ratio is primarily the result of
 changes in our claims handling practices and tighter
 underwriting standards. These changes have resulted in a
 decrease in both the frequency (see above) and severity of
 reported and paid losses. Favorable development on prior
 years loss reserves was 12.9 million and
 4.4 million for 2006 and 2005, respectively. The favorable
 development on prior years loss reserves experienced in
 2006 was primarily attributable to the emergence of lower
 frequency and severity trends than originally projected,
 especially related to accident years 2003 through 2005 in our
 Michigan and Ohio medical professional liability markets. These
 positive factors were partially offset by an increase in prior
 year reserves in our Florida market.

The decrease in underwriting expenses from 2005 to 2006 is
 primarily the result of the decrease in net premiums earned.
 However, the underwriting ratio increased moderately to 20.4 
 for 2006 compared with 20.1 for 2005 as fixed costs increased
 in relation to total underwriting expenses.

Investment income remained relatively unchanged from 2005 to
 2006. However, the overall yield on our portfolio is down to
 5.30 in 2006 compared with 5.43 in 2005. The decrease in the
 yield is the result of a higher allocation of the overall
 portfolio to tax-exempt securities. Offsetting the decrease in
 investment income in 2006 related to the lower yields produced
 by tax-exempt securities is the absence of any charges related
 to changes in the fair value of derivative securities. In 2005,
 the fair value of fixed-income securities that were determined
 to be derivatives decreased 1.1 million, resulting in a
 charge to investment income.

Net realized gains of 3.3 million were reported for the
 year ended December 31, 2006. During 2006, the Company sold
 investment real estate resulting in a realized gain of
 1.4 million. In addition, the sale of ProAssurance common
 stock, received in exchange for our investment of Physicians
 Insurance Company of Wisconsin, or PICW, stock in connection
 with ProAssurance s acquisition of PICW in 2006, resulted
 in a realized gain of 2.1 million. These realized gains
 were partially offset by approximately 178,000 of impairment
 charges. We continue to own other investment real estate
 property located in East Lansing, Michigan. It is our intention
 to sell this property over the next several years.

Other expenses consisted of the following:

For the Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2006 

2005 

Dollar 

Percentage 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Other expenses

Investment expenses

845

1,411

(566

40.1

Interest expense

3,057

2,518

541

21.5

Amortization expense

625

(625

100.0

General and administrative expenses

1,298

2,704

(1,406

52.0

Other

100

537

(437

81.4

Total

5,300

7,795

(2,495

32.0

The decrease in other expenses in 2006 was primarily the result
 of decreased depreciation expense related to investment real
 estate properties (investment expenses), the elimination of
 amortization expense as all intangible

24

Table of Contents 

assets were fully amortized as of December 31, 2005,
 reduced audit and other professional service fees relating to
 the initial year of furnishing a report on our internal control
 over financial reporting as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002 and related compliance matters (general and
 administrative expenses) and reduced exit cost activities
 other expenses).

Partially offsetting these decreases in other expenses was an
 increase in interest expense as a result of increases in
 short-term interest rates. Our long-term debt of
 30.9 million bears interest at 4.15 plus the three-month
 London Inter Bank Offered Rate LIBOR ). The weighted
 average annual interest rate for this debt was 9.35 for 2006,
 compared to 7.58 for 2005. If the three-month LIBOR continues
 to increase, our interest expense will also increase. However,
 the annual rate of interest on this debt is capped at 12.5 . We
 currently anticipate that we will reduce or eliminate this debt
 in 2008. However, any such debt reduction is subject to cash
 flow and other liquidity factors as discussed in
 Liquidity and Capital Resources below.

The effective tax rate for 2006 was 31.5 compared with -62.3 
 for 2005. The 2006 rates differ from the statutory rate of 35 
 primarily as a result of tax exempt investment income and the
 effect of the reversal of the deferred tax asset valuation
 allowance, which created a 44.1 million tax benefit during
 2005. The effect of the reversal of the deferred tax valuation
 allowance is more fully described in Note 10 of the Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this
 report. The effect of tax exempt investment income increased in
 2006 due to an increase in the allocation of such investments in
 our portfolio from 2.2 in 2005 to 23.8 in 2006.

2005 Compared to 2004. The increase in net
 income for 2005 was the result of improved underwriting results
 24.0 million) and the 28.0 million federal income
 tax benefit, which includes a 44.1 million benefit related
 to the reversal of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance.

The following table shows our direct premiums written by major
 geographical market for the years ended December 31, 2005
 and 2004.

For the Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2005 

2004 

Dollar 

Percentage 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Medical professional liability:

Michigan

53,489

59,903

(6,414

10.7

Illinois

54,536

55,439

(903

1.6

Ohio

31,234

35,861

(4,627

12.9

New Mexico

21,667

20,534

1,133

5.5

Kentucky

10,337

13,877

(3,540

25.5

All Other

3,799

9,615

(5,816

60.5

Subtotal

175,062

195,229

(20,167

10.3

Exited lines of business

2,057

10,911

(8,854

81.1

PIC-Florida

8,392

7,805

587

7.5

Total direct premiums written

185,511

213,945

(28,434

13.3

The decrease in direct premiums written was related to exiting
 the Florida and Nevada medical professional liability markets,
 discontinuing an alternative risk transfer program in West
 Virginia, non-renewing a large hospital account in Michigan due
 to underwriting considerations and exiting the workers 
 compensation and health lines of business. In addition, premiums
 decreased from 2004 due to a change in the composition of our
 book of business in Ohio and Kentucky, as we reduced exposures
 in higher risk geographic markets and specialties in those
 states.

The decrease in net premiums written is consistent with the
 decrease in direct premiums written. Net premiums earned
 decreased more significantly than net premiums written as
 premiums were still being earned in 2004 related to the exited
 lines of business written in 2003.

We made changes in our reinsurance program in 2005 with respect
 to participation. These changes in our reinsurance program did
 not have a significant impact on the amount of medical
 professional liability premium

25

Table of Contents 

ceded under the contracts, as ceded premiums written, excluding
 amounts attributable to PIC-Florida, were 11.8 and 12.6 of
 direct premiums written during 2005 and 2004, respectively.

Losses and loss adjustment expenses decreased primarily as a
 result of re-underwriting efforts in our continuing medical
 professional liability line, the decrease in exposure associated
 with the reduced number of covered lives in our health line, and
 a reduction in the number of
 policies-in-force 
 for workers compensation. The re-underwriting efforts have
 resulted in a decrease in both the frequency and severity of
 reported and paid medical professional liability losses. As a
 result of the trends of decreasing frequency and severity that
 were beginning to emerge, we adjusted downward our estimate of
 ultimate losses related to the 2004 and prior accident years by
 approximately 4.4 million. This favorable development in
 2005 was especially prevalent in our Ohio and Michigan markets.
 The loss ratio decreased from 88.6 in 2004 to 77.4 in 2005.

The decrease in underwriting expenses was primarily the result
 of reduced expenses as a result of the exit from the health and
 workers compensation lines of business and a decrease in
 medical professional liability net premiums earned. As a
 percentage of net premiums earned, underwriting expenses
 decreased to 20.1 in 2005 compared to 21.3 in 2004. The
 decrease in the underwriting expense ratio is primarily due to
 the exit from the workers compensation line of business,
 which had a relatively high ratio in 2004 as a result of the
 declining premium base associated with this line.

The decrease in investment income for the year ended
 December 31, 2005 compared to the same period of 2004 was
 due to call premiums of approximately 1.5 million in 2004
 and the liquidation of our high-yield bond portfolio in 2004,
 which resulted in a large cash position in 2005. In addition,
 the change in fair value of certain investment securities that
 management had determined contained embedded derivative
 financial instruments was also included in investment income. As
 a result of fluctuations in interest rates, the estimated fair
 value of these securities decreased approximately
 1.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2005
 compared to decreases of 338,000 for the same period of 2004.
 These securities were sold in late 2005.

As a result of the changes discussed above, the overall annual
 yield on our investment portfolio decreased to 5.43 for the
 year ended December 31, 2005 compared to 5.93 for the year
 ended December 31, 2004.

Other expenses consisted of the following:

For the Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2005 

2004 

Dollar 

Percentage 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Other expenses

Investment expenses

1,411

2,460

(1,049

42.6

Interest expense

2,518

1,895

623

32.9

Amortization expense

625

915

(290

31.7

General and administrative expenses

2,704

3,918

(1,214

31.0

Other

537

1,275

(738

57.9

Total

7,795

10,463

(2,668

25.5

The decrease in other expenses was primarily the result of a
 decrease in depreciation expense in 2005 as a result of the sale
 of a major portion of our Grand Rapids real estate properties in
 2004 (investment expenses), unusually high costs incurred in
 2004 in connection with the Board of Directors exploration
 of strategic alternatives, as well as audit and other
 professional service fees incurred in connection with the
 initial assessment and opinions on the Company s internal
 controls required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (general and
 administrative expenses) and employee separation costs and
 contract termination costs incurred in connection with our exit
 from the workers compensation line of business as well as
 the
 sub-lease of
 office space in Chicago, Illinois other expenses).
 These decreases were partially offset by the increase in
 interest expense as the result of an increase in short-term
 interest rates.

Federal income taxes do not bear the usual relationship to
 pre-tax income for the year ended December 31, 2005 as a
 result of the effect of the reversal of the deferred tax
 valuation allowance. In 2005 we reassessed the need

26

Table of Contents 

for a valuation allowance and, based on our results of
 operations, concluded that a valuation allowance was no longer
 necessary. The reversal of the valuation allowance is the
 primary reason for the unusually large federal income tax
 benefit reported for 2005.

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 

The primary sources of our liquidity, on both a short and
 long-term basis, are funds provided by insurance premiums
 collected, net investment income, recoveries from reinsurers,
 proceeds from the maturity or sale of invested assets and
 principal receipts from our mortgage-backed securities. The
 primary uses of cash, on both a short and long-term basis, are
 losses, loss adjustment expenses, operating expenses, the
 acquisition of invested assets and fixed assets, reinsurance
 premiums, interest payments, taxes, the repayment of long-term
 debt and the purchase of shares of APCapital s outstanding
 common stock.

APCapital s only material assets are cash and the capital
 stock of American Physicians and its other subsidiaries.
 APCapital s cash flow consists primarily of dividends and
 other permissible payments from its subsidiaries and investment
 earnings on funds held. The payment of dividends to APCapital by
 its insurance subsidiaries is subject to certain limitations
 imposed by applicable law. Accordingly, 49.2 million of
 dividends can be paid in 2007 without prior regulatory approval.
 However, as dividends totaling 43.0 million were paid in
 2006, only 6.2 million of dividends could be paid as of
 January 1, 2007, without regulatory approval. The remaining
 43.0 million of dividends that can be paid in 2007 is
 subject to limitation based on the timing and amount of the
 dividends that were paid in the preceding 12 months. These
 dividends are being used to fund APCapital s debt
 service and other operating costs, as well as the purchase of
 shares of APCapital s outstanding common stock. At
 December 31, 2006, APCapital s cash and cash
 equivalent resources totaled approximately 17.5 million.

We continue to repurchase shares of our outstanding common
 stock, including 1,075,350 shares for 34.8 million in
 2006. See Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements for details of our share repurchase plan.

We made net federal income tax payments of approximately
 5.8 million in 2006. We anticipate that federal income tax
 payments will increase in future years as we have utilized the
 majority of our net operating loss carryforwards as of
 December 31, 2006. We do, however, still have approximately
 6.2 million of minimum tax credits that can be used to
 reduce our regular tax liability to the alternative minimum tax
 amount.

At December 31, 2006, we had no material planned
 expenditures for the acquisition of assets, or other
 expenditures, other than expenses incurred in the normal course
 of operations. However, in February 2007, the Board of Directors
 approved funding for a project to implement a new policy
 administration system. The cash outflow associated with the
 project over the next
 12-18 months 
 is anticipated to be approximately 6 million.

Our net cash flow provided by operations was approximately
 56.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2006,
 compared to 39.0 million provided by operations in 2005
 and 42.1 million in 2004. Cash generated by operations
 fluctuates primarily based on premiums received, net of
 reinsurance, in excess of net paid loss and loss adjustment
 expenses as shown in the table below.

Year Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Premiums received, net of
 reinsurance

148,291

165,391

190,882

Net paid loss and loss adjustment
 expenses

(100,139

(136,798

(160,594

Net premiums received in excess of
 loss payments

48,152

28,593

30,288

Additional cash was provided in 2006, 2005 and 2004 by
 investment returns in excess of operating expenses.

At December 31, 2006, the Company had 108.2 million
 of cash and cash equivalents and approximately
 255.0 million of
 available-for-sale 
 fixed-income securities to meet short-term cash flow needs. On a
 long-term basis, fixed-income securities are purchased on a
 basis intended to provide adequate cash flows from future
 maturities to meet future policyholder obligations and ongoing
 operational expenses. As of December 31, 2006, we had
 approximately 78.5 million, 184.2 million and
 78.9 million of
 held-to-maturity 
 fixed-income securities that

27

Table of Contents 

mature in the next one to five years, five to ten years and more
 than ten years, respectively. We also have approximately
 164.0 million of mortgage-backed securities that provide
 periodic principal repayments. See Note 3 of the Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements for further information
 regarding the anticipated maturities of our fixed-income
 securities.

Based on historical trends, market conditions and our current
 business plans, we believe that our existing resources and
 sources of funds will be sufficient to meet our short and
 long-term liquidity needs. However, economic, market and
 regulatory conditions may change, and there can be no assurance
 that our funds will be sufficient to meet these liquidity needs.

Financial
 Condition 

In evaluating our financial condition, two factors are the most
 critical. First, the availability of adequate statutory capital
 and surplus to satisfy state regulators and to support our
 current A.M. Best rating, and second, the adequacy of our
 reserves for unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses.

Statutory
 Capital and Surplus 

Our statutory capital and surplus, which we refer to
 collectively as surplus, at December 31, 2006, was
 approximately 248.9 million. This results in a net
 premiums written to surplus ratio of 0.59:1 based on
 146.7 million of net premiums written. Statutory surplus
 at December 31, 2005 was approximately 240.1 million,
 and our net premiums written to surplus ratio was 0.64:1, which
 excluded PIC FL surplus and net premiums written, as
 required by statutory reporting. The Company s Risk Based
 Capital and IRIS Ratios considered by regulators are discussed
 under Item 1. Business Insurance
 Regulatory Matters. Such cross referenced information is
 incorporated herein by reference.

Reserves
 for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

The following table shows reported claim counts, open claim
 counts, the average net case reserve per open claim, and the
 average claim payment on claims that were closed with a payment
 for our medical professional liability segment at or for the
 years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004. Data in the
 table does not include PIC-Florida counts or reserves, as the
 data historically has not been available to us, and in 2006
 PIC-Florida is no longer a consolidated entity.

Average 

Net Case 

Average Paid 

Number 

Number 

Reserve 

Claim per 

At or For the Year Ended 

of Reported 

of Open 

Per Open 

Claim Closed 

December 31, 

Claims 

Claims 

Claim 

With Payment 

2006

1,168

2,256

137,918

59,061

2005

1,513

2,991

122,413

75,898

2004

1,786

3,342

117,010

59,258

28

Table of Contents 

Activity in the liability for unpaid loss and loss adjustment
 expenses for the year ended December 31, 2006 was as
 follows:

2006 

(In thousands) 

Balance, December 31, 2005

689,857

Less, reinsurance recoverables

(107,692

Net reserves, December 31,
 2005

582,165

Deconsolidation of PIC-Florida

(2,418

Incurred related to

Current year

113,338

Prior years

(12,880

Total

100,458

Paid related to

Current year

3,168

Prior years

96,971

Total

100,139

Net reserves, December 31,
 2006

580,066

Plus, reinsurance recoverables

107,965

Balance, December 31, 2006

688,031

Development as a of
 December 31, 2005 net reserves

2.2

The favorable development on prior years loss reserves in
 2006 is primarily the result of the emergence of lower frequency
 and severity trends than originally projected, especially
 related to the 2003 through 2005 accident years in our Ohio and
 Michigan markets. These positive trends are the result of the
 more stringent underwriting standards we have put in place over
 the last few years, and our efforts to discontinue writing
 higher-risk specialties and in higher-risk geographic markets.
 These positive factors were partially offset by an increase in
 prior year reserves in our Florida market.

The following table shows the development of the net liability
 for unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses from 1996 through
 2005. The top line of the table shows the original estimated
 liabilities at the balance sheet date, including losses incurred
 but not yet reported. The upper portion of the table shows the
 cumulative amounts subsequently paid as of successive year ends
 with respect to the liability. The lower portion of the table
 shows the re-estimated amount of the previously recorded
 liability based on experience as of the end of each succeeding
 year. The estimates change as claims settle and more information
 becomes known about the ultimate frequency and severity of
 claims for individual years. The (deficiency) or redundancy
 exists when the re-estimated liability at each December 31
 is greater (or less) than the prior liability estimate. The
 cumulative (deficiency) or redundancy depicted in the table, for
 any particular calendar year, represents the aggregate change in
 the initial estimates over all subsequent calendar years. The
 years 2003 through 2005 have been restated to exclude reserves,
 payments and development related to PIC-Florida as effective
 January 1, 2006, PIC-Florida is no longer included in the
 Company s consolidated amounts.

29

Table of Contents 

The volatility of professional liability claim frequency and
 severity makes the prediction of the ultimate loss very
 difficult. Likewise, the long time frame for professional
 liability claims to develop and be paid further complicates the
 reserving process.

1996 

1997 

1998 

1999 

2000 

2001 

2002 

2003(a) 

2004(a) 

2005(a) 

2006 

Liability for unpaid losses and
 loss adjustment expenses net of reinsurance recoverable

346,455

352,836

371,982

393,582

413,954

505,555

542,026

574,281

590,342

579,747

580,066

Cumulative net paid as of:

End of year

69,750

86,703

85,290

95,471

124,479

161,770

181,658

142,633

130,793

96,971

Two years later

134,184

152,656

146,497

182,541

236,653

293,852

295,350

260,178

219,013

Three Years later

181,144

188,665

198,774

251,448

322,226

367,289

381,057

327,830

Four years later

205,824

215,426

231,748

292,766

363,871

420,662

426,928

Five Years later

219,944

232,323

251,810

312,968

390,450

443,256

Six years later

227,840

243,012

262,260

326,266

402,808

Seven Years later

234,429

248,282

271,563

333,843

Eight years later

238,387

251,623

275,451

Nine Years later

241,369

253,681

Ten Years later

243,080

Re-estimated Net Liability as of:

End of year

324,233

327,542

350,114

383,004

435,069

511,185

585,469

580,466

585,019

566,867

Two years later

302,696

314,613

334,827

373,400

449,871

538,980

590,665

583,246

572,569

Three Years later

291,406

290,490

313,248

374,729

458,846

540,239

592,617

575,222

Four years later

267,788

273,982

303,540

366,818

456,519

541,887

586,472

Five Years later

258,838

268,754

296,834

359,753

455,208

538,483

Six years later

254,272

266,546

291,144

359,400

458,062

Seven Years later

251,718

263,160

292,253

363,802

Eight years later

249,707

262,650

294,327

Nine Years later

249,218

265,467

Ten Years later

250,569

Net cumulative (deficiency)
 redundancy

95,886

87,369

77,655

29,780

(44,108

(32,928

(44,446

(941

17,773

12,880

Gross liability end of
 year

392,626

407,746

422,987

457,072

483,273

597,046

637,494

672,495

690,825

685,714

688,031

Reinsurance Recoverables

46,171

54,910

51,005

63,490

69,319

91,491

95,468

98,214

100,483

105,967

107,965

Net Liability end of
 year

346,455

352,836

371,982

393,582

413,954

505,555

542,026

574,281

590,342

579,747

580,066

Gross re-estimated
 liability latest

298,201

325,119

375,449

443,863

540,330

635,853

687,935

680,073

675,010

668,263

Re-estimated reinsurance
 recoverables latest

47,632

59,652

81,122

80,061

82,268

97,370

101,463

104,851

102,441

101,396

Net re-estimated
 liability latest

250,569

265,467

294,327

363,802

458,062

538,483

586,472

575,222

572,569

566,867

Gross cumulative (deficiency)
 redundancy

94,425

82,627

47,538

13,209

(57,057

(38,807

(50,441

(7,578

15,815

17,451

(a) 

Excludes previously reported reserves, payments and development
 related to PIC-Florida, which was deconsolidated effective
 January 1, 2006. 

In evaluating the information in the table above, it should be
 noted that each column includes the effects of changes in
 amounts for prior periods. The table does not present accident
 year or policy year development data. Conditions and trends that
 have affected the development of liabilities in the past may not
 necessarily occur in the future. Accordingly, it may not be
 appropriate to extrapolate future redundancies or deficiencies
 based on this table.

Reserve
 Ranges 

In an effort to better explain the inherent uncertainty in our
 net loss and LAE reserves, we have developed a reasonable range
 of estimates around the net carried reserves. Our reserve range
 as of December 31, 2006, in the table below was primarily
 established by reviewing the various actuarial methods,
 discussed under Critical Accounting
 Policies, used to estimate net loss and LAE reserves.

Net Loss and LAE Reserves 

Low End 

Recorded 

High End 

of Range 

Reserves 

of Range 

(In thousands) 

537,820

580,066

617,173

30

Table of Contents 

There are several limitations to interpreting reserve ranges.
 There are macroeconomic effects that may impact the development
 of the reserves such as, but not limited to, tort reform,
 changes in the litigiousness of jurisdictions in which we write
 business, changes in unemployment rates by geographic location,
 the influence of legislative actions, and changes in political
 philosophy. As a result of these factors, as well as other
 unknown factors, there can be no assurance that reserves will
 develop within these ranges.

The likelihood of reserves emerging differently than the carried
 reserves diminishes as the low and high end of the ranges is
 approached. However it is meaningful to note the potential
 variability in the Company s net income before the effect
 of income taxes if reserves develop to either the low or high
 end. The following table shows the effects on pre-tax net income
 if the carried reserves as of December 31, 2006 actually
 prove to be at the low or high end of the range:

Increase 

(Decrease) in 

Pre-Tax Income 

(In thousands) 

Low end of range

42,246

High end of range

(37,107

Due to the long-tailed nature of the medical professional
 liability line of insurance, changes in the actuarially
 projected ultimate loss severity can have an even greater impact
 on the balance of recorded reserves than with most other
 property and casualty insurance lines. While we believe that our
 estimate for ultimate projected losses are adequate based on our
 open and reported claim counts, there can be no assurance that
 additional significant reserve enhancements will not be
 necessary in the future given the many variables inherent in
 such estimates and the extended period of time that it can take
 for claim patterns to emerge.

Other
 Significant Balance Sheet Items 

In early 2006 we purchased 192.5 million of tax-exempt
 fixed-income securities, which accounts for the
 30.9 million and 159.9 million increases in
 available-for-sale 
 and
 held-to-maturity, 
 respectively, fixed-income securities and the majority of the
 164.8 million decrease in cash and cash equivalents from
 December 31, 2005 to 2006. Tax-exempt securities comprised
 23.8 of our total cash and investment portfolio at
 December 31, 2006, compared with 2.2 at December 31,
 2005.

The decrease in other investments to 6.5 million at
 December 31, 2006, from 11.6 million at
 December 31, 2005 was primarily attributable to the sale of
 our 7.6 million investment in Physicians Insurance Company
 of Wisconsin, or PICW. Partially offsetting the decrease related
 the disposition of the PICW stock was the inclusion of our
 investment in PIC-Florida following equity method accounting in
 2006, which resulted in an increase in other investments of
 2.5 million. In 2005, PIC-Florida was included
 consolidated in our financial statements.

Premiums receivable decreased 7.7 million, or 15.1 , to
 43.1 million at December 31, 2006. This decrease is
 relatively consistent with the 15.4 decrease in direct premiums
 written.

Deferred federal income taxes decreased 11.2 million to
 32.8 million at December 31, 2006. The decrease is
 primarily related to the use of net operating loss carryforwards
 6.2 million) and minimum tax credits 2.9 million)
 to reduce our current year tax liability.

Other assets decreased 13.8 million, or 34.8 , to
 25.9 million at December 31, 2006. The decrease is
 primarily attributable to a decrease in the amount receivable
 related to pending security transactions of 5.4 million, a
 decrease in our New Mexico patient compensation fund receivable
 of 2.1 million as a result of a change in the method of
 applying cash to these receivables and a decrease in prepaid
 reinsurance, or ceded unearned premiums, of 6.4 million
 related to the change in reinsurance placement percentages and
 terms between 2006 and 2005.

Unearned premiums decreased 11.4 million, or 13.8 , to
 70.7 million at December 31, 2006. The decrease is
 relatively consistent with the 15.4 decrease in medical
 professional liability direct premiums written from 2005 to 2006.

Accrued expenses and other liabilities at December 31, 2006
 were 37.1 million, a decrease of 4.7 million
 compared to December 31, 2005. This decrease was primarily
 attributable to a decrease in ceded reinsurance

31

Table of Contents 

premiums payable as a result of our increased participation in
 the 2006 treaties and the fact that they are no longer
 swing-rated. 

Shareholders equity at December 31, 2006 was
 268.8 million, an increase of 7.6 million, from
 261.2 million at December 31, 2005. Retained earnings
 increased 43.2 million as a result of the net income
 recorded for the year ended December 31, 2006. This
 increase was partially offset by a decrease of
 33.3 million in additional
 paid-in-capital 
 related primarily to the purchase and retirement of the
 Company s common stock and a 2.3 million, net of tax,
 decrease in the unrealized gains associated with investment
 securities. The Company s book value per common share
 outstanding at December 31, 2006 was 23.26 per share,
 based on 11,556,575 shares outstanding, compared to 20.90
 per common share outstanding at December 31, 2005. Total
 shares outstanding at December 31, 2005 were 12,500,126.

Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements 

We have formed two subsidiary statutory trusts for the purpose
 of issuing mandatorily redeemable trust preferred securities,
 referred to as trust preferred securities . The
 proceeds from the trust preferred securities that were issued
 were used by the trusts to purchase debentures issued by
 APCapital, which are shown as long-term debt in the Consolidated
 Balance Sheets included elsewhere in this report. APCapital used
 the amounts borrowed pursuant to these debentures to increase
 its available capital and has subsequently contributed
 substantially all of the proceeds to American Physicians to
 increase its statutory surplus. The debentures and the trust
 preferred securities have terms and maturities that mirror each
 other. In accordance with the guidance given in Financial
 Accounting Standards Board Interpretation No. 46,
 Variable Interest Entities, we have not consolidated
 these subsidiary trusts. APCapital has guaranteed that amounts
 paid to the trusts related to the debentures, will subsequently
 be remitted to the holders of the trust preferred securities. In
 accordance with the nature of the transactions, the amounts
 guaranteed by APCapital, are also recorded as liabilities in the
 Consolidated Financial Statements, as they represent obligations
 to the trusts, which are in turn obligated to the holders of the
 trust preferred securities. The obligations are more fully
 described in Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements included elsewhere in this report, which description
 is incorporated herein by reference.

Contractual
 Obligations 

We are contractually obligated in accordance with various loan
 or borrowing agreements and operating leases as well as to our
 policyholders for insured events. The following table shows the
 nature and the timing of our contractual obligations as of
 December 31, 2006:

Payments Due by Period 

Less Than 

1 - 3 

3 - 5 

More Than 

Contractual Obligations 

Total 

1 Year 

Years 

Years 

5 Years 

(In thousands) 

Reserves for unpaid loss and loss
 adjustment expenses(1)

688,031

128,114

208,269

128,232

223,416

Operating leases

5,699

948

1,684

1,641

1,426

Long-term debt(2)

35,053

3,000

32,053

Total

728,783

132,062

242,006

129,873

224,842

(1) 

The Company s reserves for unpaid loss and loss adjustment
 expenses are an estimate of future cash flows necessary to
 fulfill insurance obligations based on insured events that have
 already occurred, but the amount and timing of the cash outflow
 is uncertain. 

(2) 

The long-term debt is more fully described in Note 8 of the
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Amounts included
 herein assume 3 million of annual interest payments and
 that the debt will be repaid in May 2008, the earliest date at
 which the debt may be retired. 

While not a contractual obligation at December 31, 2006, in
 February 2007 we formally entered into a contract with a vendor
 to provide us with, and assist in the implementation of, a new
 policy administration software system. The total cash outflow of
 the project is anticipated to be approximately 6 million
 over the next 12 to 18 months.

32

Table of Contents 

Effects
 of New Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 included elsewhere in this report for information regarding the
 potential effects of new accounting pronouncements on our
 results of operations and financial condition. Such
 cross-referenced information is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

General 

Market risk is the risk of loss due to adverse changes in market
 rates and prices. We invest primarily in fixed-income
 securities, which are interest-sensitive assets. Accordingly,
 our primary market risk is exposure to changes in interest rates.

At December 31, 2006, fixed-income securities primarily
 consisted of U.S. government and agency bonds, high-quality
 corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities and tax-exempt
 U.S. municipal bonds.

Qualitative
 Information About Market Risk 

Investments in our portfolio have varying degrees of risk. The
 primary market risk exposure associated with our
 available-for-sale 
 fixed-income security portfolio is interest rate risk, which is
 limited somewhat by our management of duration. The distribution
 of maturities and sector concentrations are monitored on a
 regular basis.

In addition, our fixed-income security portfolio is also subject
 to a degree of credit risk. Credit risk is the risk that amounts
 due the Company by creditors may not ultimately be collected. At
 December 31, 2006, all of our fixed-income portfolio, both
 available-for-sale 
 and
 held-to-maturity, 
 (excluding approximately 13.3 million of private placement
 issues, which constitutes 1.7 of our portfolio) was considered
 investment grade. We define investment grade securities as those
 that have a Standard & Poors credit rating of BBB
 and above. Non-investment grade securities typically bear more
 credit risk than those of investment grade quality. In addition,
 we try to limit credit risk by not maintaining fixed-income
 security investments pertaining to any one issuer, with the
 exception of U.S. Government and agency backed securities,
 in excess of 6 million. We also try to diversify our
 holdings so that there is not a significant concentration in any
 one industry or geographical region.

The fair value of publicly traded fixed-income securities is
 based upon independent market quotations. The fair value of
 non-publicly traded securities is based on independent third
 party pricing sources that use valuation models. The valuation
 models used by the independent third party pricing sources use
 indicative information such as ratings, industry, coupon, and
 maturity along with publicly traded bond prices to determine
 security specific spreads, and the ultimate fair value of the
 non-publicly traded fixed-income securities. Realized gains or
 losses on sales or maturities of investments are determined on a
 specific identification basis and are credited or charged to
 income.

Our
 held-to-maturity 
 portfolio includes approximately 164.0 million of
 mortgage-backed securities. Because the
 held-to-maturity 
 mortgage-backed securities are not carried at estimated fair
 value, changes in interest rates do not affect the carrying
 amount of these securities. However, principal receipts as a
 result of prepayments may affect our cash flows, as an increase
 in interest rates will slow principal payments, and a decrease
 in interest rates will accelerate principal payments.

We periodically review our investment portfolio for any
 potential credit quality or collection issues and for any
 securities with respect to which we consider any decline in
 market value to be other than temporary. Our policy for
 recording OTTI write-downs is more fully discussed in
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and
 Analysis Critical Accounting Policies,
 Investments. The cross-referenced information is included
 herein by reference.

Quantitative
 Information About Market Risk 

At December 31, 2006, our
 available-for-sale 
 fixed-income security portfolio was valued at
 255.0 million and had an average modified duration of
 3.16 years, compared to a portfolio valued at
 224.1 million with an average modified duration of
 2.27 years at December 31, 2005. The following tables
 show the effects of a change in interest rates on the fair value
 and duration of our
 available-for-sale 
 fixed-income security portfolio at December 31, 2006

33

Table of Contents 

and December 31, 2005. We have assumed an immediate
 increase or decrease of 1 or 2 in interest rate for
 illustrative purposes. You should not consider this assumption
 or the values shown in the table to be a prediction of actual
 future results.

December 31, 2006 

December 31, 2005 

Portfolio 

Change in 

Modified 

Portfolio 

Change in 

Modified 

Change in Rates 

Value 

Value 

Duration 

Value 

Value 

Duration 

(Dollars in thousands) 

(Dollars in thousands) 

+2 

239,943

(15,058

2.88

215,014

(9,087

1.89

+1 

247,111

(7,890

2.89

219,173

(4,928

2.16

0

255,001

3.16

224,101

2.27

1 

263,350

8,349

3.23

228,991

4,890

2.36

2 

272,152

17,151

3.33

234,917

10,816

2.50

34

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 

Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Shareholders:

American Physicians Capital, Inc.

East Lansing, Michigan

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
 American Physicians Capital, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the
 Company as of December 31, 2006 and 2005 and
 the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive
 income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of
 the two years in the period ended December 31, 2006. These
 financial statements are the responsibility of the
 Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
 opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
 test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
 the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
 used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
 evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We
 believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
 opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred
 to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
 position of American Physicians Capital, Inc. and Subsidiaries
 at December 31, 2006 and 2005, and the results of its
 operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the
 period December 31, 2006, in conformity with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
 effectiveness of American Physicians Capital, Inc. s
 internal control over financial reporting as of
 December 31, 2006, based on criteria established in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission (COSO) and our report dated March 13, 2007
 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

/s/ BDO
 SEIDMAN, LLP 

BDO Seidman, LLP

Grand Rapids, Michigan

March 13, 2007

35

Table of Contents 

Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
 American Physicians Capital, Inc.:

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present
 fairly, in all material respects, the results of operations and
 cash flows of American Physicians Capital, Inc. and its
 subsidiaries (the Company for the year ended
 December 31, 2004, in conformity with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America. These
 financial statements are the responsibility of the
 Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
 opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We
 conducted our audit of these statements in accordance with the
 standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
 perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
 the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An
 audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
 the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements,
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant
 estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
 financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit
 provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Chicago, Illinois 
 March 16, 2005

36

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31,
 2006 and 2005 

December 31, 

2006 

2005 

In thousands, 

except share data 

ASSETS 

Investments:

Fixed-income securities

Available-for-sale, 
 at fair value

255,001

224,101

Held-to-maturity, 
 at amortized cost

505,572

345,702

Other investments

6,476

11,568

Total investments

767,049

581,371

Cash and cash equivalents

108,227

272,988

Premiums receivable

43,068

50,729

Reinsurance recoverable

109,013

109,368

Deferred federal income taxes

32,795

44,039

Property and equipment, net

9,775

11,157

Other assets

25,888

39,676

Total assets

1,095,815

1,109,328

LIABILITIES 

Unpaid losses and loss adjustment
 expenses

688,031

689,857

Unearned premiums

70,744

82,098

Long-term debt

30,928

30,928

Federal income taxes payable

189

762

Accrued expenses and other
 liabilities

37,113

41,830

Total liabilities

827,005

845,475

Commitments and
 Contingencies 

Minority Interest in
 Consolidated Subsidiary 

2,641

Shareholders 
 Equity 

Common stock, no par value,
 50,000,000 shares authorized:

11,556,575 and
 12,500,126 shares outstanding at December 31, 2006 and
 2005, respectively

Additional
 paid-in-capital 

41,106

74,360

Retained earnings

222,935

179,748

Accumulated other comprehensive
 income:

Net unrealized gains on
 investments, net of deferred federal income taxes

4,769

7,104

Total shareholders equity

268,810

261,212

Total liabilities and
 shareholders equity

1,095,815

1,109,328

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
 financial statements.

37

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

For the
 Years Ended December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004 

Year Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Revenues and Other
 Income 

Net premiums written

146,723

157,382

186,431

Change in unearned premiums

2,965

6,901

14,148

Net premiums earned

149,688

164,283

200,579

Investment income

45,253

45,163

47,373

Net realized gains

3,310

2,033

1,551

Other income

1,031

1,387

1,177

Total revenues and other income

199,282

212,866

250,680

Expenses 

Losses and loss adjustment expenses

100,458

127,124

177,786

Underwriting expenses

30,521

33,080

42,681

Investment expenses

845

1,411

2,460

Interest expense

3,057

2,518

1,895

Amortization expense

625

915

General and administrative expenses

1,298

2,704

3,918

Other expenses

100

537

1,275

Total expenses

136,279

167,999

230,930

Income before income taxes and
 minority interest

63,003

44,867

19,750

Federal income tax expense
 (benefit)

19,816

(27,952

(290

Income before minority interest

43,187

72,819

20,040

Minority interest in net income of
 consolidated subsidiary

(453

(10

Net income

43,187

72,366

20,030

Earnings Per Share:

Net income

Basic

3.59

5.65

1.58

Diluted

3.52

5.53

1.53

Weighted Average
 Shares Outstanding:

Basic

12,015

12,807

12,683

Diluted

12,274

13,094

13,082

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
 financial statements.

38

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and
 2004 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Shares 

Paid-in 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Outstanding(1) 

Capital 

Earnings 

Income 

Total 

(In thousands, except share data) 

Balance, December 31, 2003

12,668,711

84,849

87,352

29,607

201,808

Comprehensive loss

Net income

20,030

20,030

Other comprehensive income
 (Note 4)

(21,453

(21,453

Total comprehensive loss, net of
 taxes

(1,423

Options exercised

547,896

6,788

6,788

Amortization of restricted stock,
 net of tax

262

262

Excess tax benefits from
 share-based awards

1,775

1,775

Restricted stock grants

45,000

181

181

Unrestricted stock grants

1,500

27

27

Shares tendered in connection with
 option exercise

(249,026

(5,454

(5,454

Forfeiture of restricted stock

(6,105

(37

(37

Change in deferred tax valuation
 allowance

(1,803

(1,803

Balance, December 31, 2004

13,007,976

86,588

107,382

8,154

202,124

Comprehensive income

Net income

72,366

72,366

Other comprehensive income
 (Note 4)

(1,050

(1,050

Total comprehensive income, net of
 taxes

71,316

Options exercised

146,304

1,719

1,719

Amortization of restricted stock,
 net of tax

241

241

Excess tax benefits from
 share-based awards

1,095

1,095

Purchase and retirement of common
 stock

(650,250

(17,057

(17,057

Forfeiture of restricted stock

(3,904

(29

(29

Change in deferred tax valuation
 allowance

1,803

1,803

Balance, December 31, 2005

12,500,126

74,360

179,748

7,104

261,212

Comprehensive income

Net income

43,187

43,187

Other comprehensive income
 (Note 4)

(2,335

(2,335

Total comprehensive income, net of
 taxes

40,852

Options exercised

232,280

2,759

2,759

Shares tendered/netted in
 connection with option exercise

(99,698

(3,913

(3,913

Excess tax benefits from
 share-based awards

2,137

2,137

SFAS No. 123R adoption

(46

(46

Fair value compensation of
 share-based awards

571

571

Purchase and retirement of common
 stock

(1,075,350

(34,762

(34,762

Forfeiture of restricted stock

(764

Shares retired in connection with
 stock split

(19

Balance, December 31, 2006

11,556,575

41,106

222,935

4,769

268,810

(1) 

Share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect a
 three-for-two 
 stock split effective November 1, 2006. See Note 1. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
 financial statements.

39

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the
 Years Ended December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004 

Year Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

(In thousands) 

Cash flows from operating
 activities 

Net income

43,187

72,366

20,030

Adjustments to reconcile net income
 to net cash provided by operating activities

Depreciation and amortization

3,010

4,888

7,903

Net realized gains

(3,310

(2,033

(1,551

(Income) loss on equity method
 investees

(788

100

342

Change in fair value of derivatives

1,095

338

Deferred federal income taxes

12,202

(30,246

Excess tax benefits from
 share-based awards

(2,137

(1,095

(1,775

Stock based compensation

571

371

403

Minority interest in net income of
 consolidated subsidiary

453

10

Federal income taxes
 recoverable/payable

1,834

3,426

(596

Changes in:

Premiums receivable

4,736

3,885

10,748

Reinsurance recoverable

(1,460

(6,056

340

Unpaid losses and loss adjustment
 expenses

2,317

(3,773

20,025

Unearned premiums

(6,890

(7,942

(13,766

Accrued expenses and other
 liabilities

(3,055

325

(3,210

Other assets

5,767

3,198

2,871

Net cash from operating
 activities 

55,984

38,962

42,112

Cash flows (for) from investing
 activities 

Purchases

Available-for-sale 
 fixed maturities

(126,979

(22,046

(267,853

Held-to-maturity 
 fixed maturities

(188,188

(112,912

Available-for-sale 
 equity securities

(606

(50,034

Other investments

(386

(7,579

Property and equipment

(306

(1,089

(1,120

Sales and maturities

Available-for-sale 
 fixed maturities

87,457

144,591

285,019

Held-to-maturity 
 fixed maturities

26,314

62,014

Available-for-sale 
 equity securities

9,737

1,531

55,928

Other investments

2,531

3,536

19,519

Property and equipment

6

32

35

Deconsolidation of PIC-Florida

(2,941

Cash from miscellaneous sources

2,707

Pending securities transactions

5,383

(12,846

8,143

Net cash (for) from investing
 activities 

(187,372

57,333

49,637

Cash flows for financing
 activities 

Principal payment on note payable

(6,000

Common stock repurchased

(34,762

(17,057

Excess tax benefits from
 share-based awards

2,137

1,095

1,775

Taxes paid in connection with net
 option exercise

(1,714

Proceeds from stock options
 exercised

560

1,719

1,334

Other

406

27

Net cash for financing
 activities 

(33,373

(14,243

(2,864

Net (decrease) increase in cash
 and cash equivalents 

(164,761

82,052

88,885

Cash and cash equivalents,
 beginning of period

272,988

190,936

102,051

Cash and cash equivalents, end of
 period

108,227

272,988

190,936

Supplemental disclosures of cash
 flow information

Federal income taxes of
 5,780,000, (1,132,000), and 308,000, net, were paid
 (received) during 2006, 2005 and
 2004, respectively.

Interest payments of
 2,855,000, 2,200,000, and 1,672,000 were made during 2006,
 2005 and 2004, respectively.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
 financial statements.

40

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 

Significant
 Accounting Policies 

Basis
 of consolidation and reporting 

The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements have been
 prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
 accepted in the United States of America GAAP and
 include the accounts of American Physicians Capital, Inc.
 APCapital and its wholly owned subsidiaries,
 Insurance Corporation of America ICA ), APSpecialty
 Insurance Corporation APSpecialty ), Alpha Advisors,
 Inc. and American Physicians Assurance Corporation
 American Physicians ). Effective January 24,
 2005, APCapital s wholly owned subsidiaries, APConsulting
 LLC and APDirect Sales, LLC, were dissolved. APManagement Ltd
 and APIndemnity (Bermuda) Ltd. were liquidated effective
 February 28, 2006 and May 10, 2006, respectively.
 APCapital and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to
 collectively herein as the Company. All significant intercompany
 accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation.

The accounts of Physicians Insurance Company, a Florida
 domiciled insurance company PIC-FL ), were
 consolidated in the accompanying Consolidated Financial
 Statements during 2005 and 2004. However, as described under the
 heading Minority Interests near the end of
 Note 1, in 2006 PIC-Florida is no longer consolidated, but
 rather is accounted for using the equity method of accounting.

Reclassifications
 and adjustments 

Prior to 2006 debt issue cost amortization was included as a
 component of amortization expense. In 2006, these costs are
 reported in the interest expense line item of the Consolidated
 Statements of Income. To conform to the 2006 financial statement
 presentation, debt issue cost amortization expense of 181,000
 has been reclassified for the years ended December 31, 2005
 and 2004 as well. This reclassification had no effect on income
 before taxes or net income.

With the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standard
 SFAS No. 123R, Share-Based
 Payments effective January 1, 2006 certain 2005 and
 2004 amounts related to share-based compensation expense, and
 the related tax benefits, have been reclassified within the
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.

Stock
 split 

Effective November 1, 2006, the Company paid a
 three-for-two 
 stock split of its common shares to shareholders of record as of
 the close of business on October 11, 2006. All share and
 per-share data, as well as share-based award information
 included in these Consolidated Financial Statement and Notes
 thereto, has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock
 split.

Use of
 estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
 affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
 the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
 and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could
 differ from those estimates.

The most significant estimates that are susceptible to
 significant change in the near-term relate to the determination
 of the liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses,
 estimated fair value of investments, income taxes, reinsurance,
 the reserve for extended reporting period claims, the
 recoverability of deferred policy acquisition costs and the
 estimation of the grant date fair value of share-based
 compensation awards. Although considerable variability is
 inherent in these estimates, management believes that the
 current estimates are reasonable in all material respects. The
 estimates are reviewed regularly and adjusted as necessary.
 Adjustments related to changes in estimates are reflected in the
 Company s results of operations in the period in which
 those estimates changed.

41

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

1. 

Significant
 Accounting Policies (continued) 

Nature
 of business and segment reporting 

The Company is principally engaged in the business of providing
 medical professional liability insurance to physicians and other
 health care providers. The Company also historically provided
 workers compensation, health and personal and commercial
 insurance, the results of which were combined and reported as
 the Company s other insurance lines segment in 2005 and
 2004. With the expiration of all other insurance lines policies
 in 2005, and the diminished financial significance of these
 lines, the Company, in accordance with SFAS No. 131,
 Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related
 Information, has determined that effective January 1,
 2006, it has a single reportable segment, which includes all of
 the Company s operations.

Medical professional liability coverage is written on both a
 claims-made and an occurrence basis. Claims-made policies cover
 claims reported during the year in which the policy is in
 effect. Occurrence-based policies cover claims arising out of
 events that have occurred during the year in which the policy
 was in effect, regardless of when they are reported. For each of
 the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2006,
 approximately 67.3 , 66.2 and 67.7 of the Company s
 medical professional liability direct premiums written
 represented claims-made policies, with the remainder
 representing occurrence-based policies.

The Company writes business throughout the United States of
 America, with an emphasis on markets in the Midwest,
 specifically the states of Illinois, Kentucky, Michigan and
 Ohio, as well as the state of New Mexico. These five states
 accounted for 97.9 , 93.4 and 91.4 of the Company s total
 medical professional liability direct premiums written during
 the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004,
 respectively.

Investments 

Fixed-Income
 and Equity Investment Securities 

The Company classifies all investment securities as either
 held-to-maturity 
 or
 available-for-sale 
 at the date of purchase based on the Company s ability and
 intent to hold individual securities until they mature. In
 addition, on a periodic basis, the Company reviews its
 fixed-income and equity security portfolio for proper
 classification as trading,
 available-for-sale 
 or
 held-to-maturity. 
 In 2005, the Company concluded that it had both the intent and
 ability to hold a significant portion of the Company s
 fixed-income securities to maturity. Accordingly, the Company
 transferred fixed-income securities, with an estimated fair
 value of approximately 398.3 million at the date of
 transfer, from the
 available-for-sale 
 category to the
 held-to-maturity 
 category.

The Company accounted for the transfer of these fixed-income
 securities from the
 available-for-sale 
 to the
 held-to-maturity 
 category at the estimated fair value of the securities at the
 date of transfer. Any unrealized gains or losses, net of taxes,
 at the date of transfer continue to be reported as a component
 of accumulated other comprehensive income, and in effect will be
 amortized over the remaining life of the security through other
 comprehensive income. The original premium or discount will
 continue to be amortized as an adjustment to yield as a
 component of investment income.

Available-for-sale 
 fixed income and equity securities are carried at their
 estimated fair value, with any unrealized gains and losses
 reported, net of any related tax effects, as a component of
 accumulated other comprehensive income. Any change in the
 estimated fair value of
 available-for-sale 
 investment securities during the period is reported as
 unrealized gains or losses, net of any related tax effects, in
 other comprehensive income.
 Held-to-maturity 
 securities, other than those transferred to the
 held-to-maturity 
 category as described above, are carried at amortized cost. Fair
 values of fixed income securities are determined on the basis of
 dealer or market quotations, or comparable securities on which
 quotations are available.

Investment income includes amortization of premium and accrual
 of discount on the
 yield-to-maturity 
 method for both
 available-for-sale 
 and
 held-to-maturity 
 investments acquired at other than par value. Amortization for
 loan-backed, or mortgage-backed, securities is adjusted
 prospectively for changes in pre-payment speed assumptions.

42

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Pre-payment speed assumptions are updated at least annually and
 are based on the average of assumptions obtained from ten
 leading brokerage firms. Interest income is recognized when
 earned. Realized gains or losses on sales or maturities of
 investments are determined on a specific identification basis
 and are credited or charged to income.

The Company s investments are evaluated for other than
 temporary impairment OTTI using both quantitative
 and qualitative methods that include, but are not limited to
 (a) an evaluation of the Company s ability and intent
 to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to
 allow for an anticipated recovery in value, (b) the
 recoverability of principal and interest related to the
 security, (c) the duration and extent to which the fair
 value has been less than cost for equity securities, or
 amortized cost for fixed-income securities, (d) the
 financial condition, near-term and long-term earnings and cash
 flow prospects of the issuer, including relevant industry
 conditions and trends, and implications of rating agency
 actions, and (e) the specific reasons that a security is in
 a significant unrealized loss position, including market
 conditions that could affect access to liquidity. A decline in
 the market value of an
 available-for-sale 
 or
 held-to-maturity 
 security below its cost or amortized cost, referred to hereafter
 as cost basis, that is deemed to be other than temporary results
 in a write-down of the cost basis of that security to fair value.

Write-downs for OTTI are recorded as realized losses in the
 period a security s decline in market value is first
 considered other than temporary. The Company does not adjust the
 cost basis of an OTTI security for subsequent changes in market
 value unless a further decline in market value is deemed to also
 be an OTTI. Rather, subsequent changes in the fair value of OTTI
 securities are considered unrealized gains or losses and
 included as a component of other comprehensive income. However,
 in periods subsequent to the recognition of an OTTI on a fixed
 income security, the security is accounted for as if the
 security had been purchased on the measurement date of the OTTI.
 That is, the discount associated with the security, based on the
 new cost basis, will be accreted over the remaining life of the
 debt security in a prospective manner based on the amount and
 timing of future estimated cash flows.

Other
 Investments 

Other investments on the accompanying Consolidated Balance
 Sheets consists of investment real estate, investment real
 estate limited partnerships and non-marketable equity
 securities. Investment real estate is carried at the lesser of
 historical cost or at estimated fair market value based on
 recent sales or offers for similar properties. Real estate
 limited partnerships are accounted for using the equity method.
 The Company s share of earnings in equity method investees
 is included in investment income. Non-marketable equity
 securities, which included our investment in Physicians
 Insurance Company of Wisconsin, Inc. PICW at
 December 31, 2005, are carried at fair value based on
 management s estimate of the securities anticipated
 liquidation value.

Derivative
 financial instruments 

During part of 2005 and 2004, the Company held interest-only
 certificates that the Company has determined contain an embedded
 derivative instrument as defined by SFAS No. 133,
 Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
 Activities. These certificates paid a variable rate of
 interest that was inversely related to the London Interbank
 Offered Rate LIBOR ).

These interest-only certificates were carried on the balance
 sheet at fair value as fixed-income securities. These
 certificates were not linked to specific assets or liabilities
 on the balance sheet or to a forecasted transaction and,
 therefore, did not qualify for hedge accounting. In addition,
 the Company could not reliably identify and separately measure
 the embedded derivative instrument. Accordingly, any changes in
 the fair value of the interest-only certificates, based on
 quoted market prices, were recorded in current period earnings
 as investment income. During the years ended December 31,
 2005 and 2004, the fair value of these securities decreased by
 1,095,000 and 338,000, respectively. These certificates were
 sold in 2005.

43

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

1. 

Significant
 Accounting Policies (continued) 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Cash equivalents consist principally of commercial paper and
 money market funds. They are stated at cost, which approximates
 fair value, and have original maturities of three months or less.

Premiums
 written and receivable and related credit risk 

The Company offers quarterly and monthly payment plans for
 policies with an annual term. Accordingly, premiums receivable
 include 40.8 million at December 31, 2006 and
 47.7 million at December 31, 2005 of premium
 installments. Receivable balances consist principally of written
 premiums from physicians in the states of Michigan, Ohio,
 Illinois and New Mexico. Payment plans are designed so that
 credit risk associated with receivables is generally offset by
 the liability for unearned premiums. However, an allowance for
 doubtful accounts of approximately 25,000 at December 31,
 2006, and 75,000 at December 31, 2005, has been
 established and is included in the premium receivable balance,
 primarily for receivable balances that may not be collectable
 and have no associated unearned premiums.

Deferred
 policy acquisition costs 

Deferred policy acquisition costs DAC (carried on
 the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets in other assets)
 include commissions, premium taxes and other costs incurred in
 and that vary with premium generation. These costs are deferred
 and amortized over the period in which the related premiums are
 earned, typically one year. Future investment income has been
 considered in determining the recoverability of deferred costs.

Property,
 equipment and depreciation 

Property and equipment are carried at cost, less accumulated
 depreciation. Depreciation is computed for assets on a
 straight-line basis over the following estimated useful lives:
 building 40 years, furniture 
 10 years, and computer equipment and software 
 5 years. Upon the sale or retirement of property and
 equipment, balances are removed from the respective accounts and
 any gain or loss on the disposal of the asset is included in
 income, as a realized gain or loss.

Unpaid
 losses and loss adjustment expense reserves 

Reserves for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses are
 estimated using the Company s claim experience. These
 estimates are subject to the effects of trends in loss severity
 and frequency. When a claim is reported to the Company, a
 case reserve is established for the estimated amount
 of the ultimate claim payment, as well as the expected costs to
 be paid in connection with the defense or settlement of the
 claim. These estimates reflect an informed judgment based upon
 insurance reserving practices appropriate for the relevant type
 of insurance, and based on the experience and knowledge of the
 estimator regarding the nature and value of the specific claim,
 the severity of injury or damage, and the policy provisions
 relating to the type of loss. Case reserves are periodically
 reviewed and adjusted as necessary as more information regarding
 a claim becomes available. Reserves for claims incurred
 but not reported provide for the future reporting of
 claims already incurred, and development on claims already
 reported. The reserve for claims incurred but not reported is
 actuarially estimated based on historical loss trends. With the
 exception of reserves associated with death, disability and
 retirement benefits provided under the Company s
 claims-made policies (see below), the Company does not discount
 reserves to recognize the time value of money.

The Company s internal actuaries develop projections of
 ultimate losses that are used to establish recorded reserves.
 Management utilizes these actuarial projections, as well as
 qualitative considerations, to establish a best
 estimate recorded reserve amount. Considerable variability
 is inherent in such estimates, especially in light of the

44

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

extended period of time that some medical professional liability
 claims take to settle and the relative uncertainty of the legal
 environment in the various markets in which the Company
 operates. However, management believes that the reserve for
 unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses is adequate.

The assumptions and methodologies used in estimating and
 establishing the reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment
 expenses are continually reviewed and any adjustments are
 reflected as income or expense in the period in which the
 adjustments are made.

Reserve
 for extended reporting period claims 

Claims-made policies provided by the Company include coverage
 for extended period reporting claims in the event of the death,
 disability or retirement DD of the insured.
 This DDR coverage provides coverage to the physician for any
 prior incidents occurring during the coverage period that are
 reported after their death, disability or retirement. The loss
 exposure associated with this product is known as extended
 reporting period claims. The reserve for extended reporting
 period claims coverage is recognized during the term of the
 original claims-made policy and is based on the present value of
 future estimated benefits, including morbidity and mortality
 assumptions, less the present value of future premiums
 associated with this coverage. The amount of this reserve is
 13.0 million and 15.0 million at December 31,
 2006 and 2005, respectively, which includes a discount of
 approximately 5.5 and 5.7 million at December 31,
 2006 and 2005, respectively, related to the present value
 calculation. The reserve for DD&R benefits is included in
 unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses in the accompanying
 Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in this reserve are charged
 or credited to income in the period in which the changes first
 become known.

Revenue
 recognition 

Insurance premium income is typically recognized on a daily pro
 rata basis over the respective terms of the policies in-force
 which is generally one year. Certain extended reporting
 endorsements, often referred to as tail coverage allow extended
 reporting of insured events after the termination of the
 original claims-made policy by modifying the exposure period of
 the underlying contract. Tail coverage can modify the exposure
 period for a definite or indefinite period. Premiums associated
 with tail policies that provide coverage for a definite period
 are earned over the period additional coverage is provided using
 the daily pro rata method. Premiums for tail policies that
 provide additional coverage for an indefinite period are fully
 earned at the date of issuance. Unearned premiums represent the
 portion of premiums written which are applicable to the
 unexpired terms of policies in-force.

Reinsurance 

Reinsurance premiums and losses related to reinsured business
 are accounted for on bases consistent with those used in
 accounting for the original policies issued and the terms of the
 reinsurance contracts. Reinsurance recoverables and prepaid
 reinsurance premiums are accounted for in accordance with
 SFAS No. 113, Accounting and Reporting for
 Reinsurance. Premiums ceded to other companies have been
 reported as a reduction of premium income. Reinsured losses are
 reported as a reduction of gross losses incurred. The reserve
 for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses is presented
 gross of recoverables from reinsurers, which are included in the
 amounts recoverable from reinsurers.

The Company s reinsurers are reviewed for financial
 solvency, at least quarterly. This review includes, among other
 quantitative and qualitative factors, a ratings analysis of each
 reinsurer participating in a reinsurance contract. At
 December 31, 2006 and 2005, the Company had established an
 allowance of 0 and 200,000, respectively, for amounts in
 dispute. See Note 9 for recoverable amounts from
 individually significant reinsurers.

45

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Income
 taxes 

Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability
 method. Deferred federal income tax assets and liabilities are
 recognized for the estimated future tax consequences
 attributable to the differences between financial statement
 carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities, and their
 respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
 measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
 income in the years in which those temporary differences are
 expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax
 assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in
 income in the period that includes the enactment date.

The Company assesses the likelihood that deferred tax assets
 will be realized based on the availability of future taxable
 income in the periods when the deferred tax assets are expected
 to be deducted in the Company s tax return. If it is deemed
 more likely than not that all, or a portion, of the
 Company s deferred tax assets will not be realized, then a
 valuation allowance is established for the portion of the
 deferred tax assets that are deemed not likely to realized.
 Following this assessment methodology, the Company maintained a
 full valuation allowance during all of 2004 and the first half
 of 2005.

In 2004 changes in the valuation allowance were allocated to
 federal income tax expense, which is included as a component of
 net income, components of comprehensive income, or other
 components of shareholders equity, depending on the nature
 of the temporary differences that created the change in the
 valuation allowance. In 2005, after several consecutive quarters
 of reporting a pre-tax profit, the Company determined that a
 valuation allowance was no longer necessary, so it reversed the
 entire deferred tax asset valuation allowance in the second
 quarter. The reversal of the entire valuation allowance was
 recorded as a federal income tax benefit, with the exception of
 the valuation allowance associated with certain deferred tax
 assets relating to share-based awards. The reversal of the
 valuation allowance pertaining to these excess tax benefits
 related to share-based awards was credited directly to
 additional
 paid-in-capital 
 and did not affect net income for these periods.

Concurrent with the initial reversal of the valuation allowance,
 the Company decreased the federal income tax benefit for the
 effect of changes in the valuation allowance related to
 unrealized gains and losses on the Company s
 available-for-sale 
 investment securities that had been recorded in accumulated
 other comprehensive income. See Note 10 for additional
 information regarding income taxes, the deferred tax valuation
 allowance, and the related accounting treatment.

The Company records any excess tax benefits related to employee
 share-based awards as a credit to additional paid in capital in
 the year that they are currently deductible in the
 Company s consolidated tax return.

Share-based
 awards 

On January 1, 2006, the Company adopted
 SFAS No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment. The
 adoption and its impact on amounts reported in the accompanying
 Consolidated Financial Statements are more fully described in
 Note 16.

Minority
 interests 

Minority interest in the accompanying December 31, 2005
 Consolidated Balance Sheet and Statements of Income for the
 years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004, represents the 51 
 ownership interest of other investors in PIC-Florida.
 PIC-Florida was included in the Company s Consolidated
 Financial Statements at and for the years ended
 December 31, 2005 and 2004, as it had been determined to be
 a variable interest entity and the Company s subsidiary,
 American Physicians, had been determined to be the primary
 beneficiary in accordance with the guidance given in Financial
 Accounting Standards Board Interpretation FIN 46(R), Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities. 

46

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

1. 

Significant
 Accounting Policies (continued) 

On December 31, 2004, the Company consummated a transaction
 in which PIC-Florida s other investor assumed ownership of
 100 of PIC-Florida s outstanding common stock. In exchange
 for its 49 ownership interest, American Physicians received a
 3 million note that bears interest at a rate of
 eight-percent. The note is collateralized by 100 of the
 outstanding common stock of PIC-Florida. As the note received in
 exchange for American Physicians ownership interest is
 collateralized by the common stock of PIC-Florida, the exchange
 was deemed not to be a sale in accordance with
 SFAS No. 140, Accounting for Transfers and
 Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities
 a replacement of FASB Statement 125, but was rather
 accounted for as a secured borrowing with pledge of collateral.

During 2005, monthly interest-only payments were made on the
 note. Principal payments on the note began in January 2006 and
 will continue every month through December 2012 unless prepaid
 earlier. The principal payments that began in January 2006
 resulted in deemed partial sales of the Company s
 investment in PIC-Florida in accordance with
 SFAS No. 140. As a result of these deemed partial
 sales, and the resulting change in circumstance, the Company
 re-evaluated the appropriateness of continuing to consolidate
 PIC-Florida in accordance with the guidance in FIN 46(R)
 and determined that the Company was no longer the primary
 beneficiary as it was no longer at risk for a majority of
 PIC-Florida s potential losses. Accordingly, the Company
 determined that as of January 1, 2006, its investment in
 PIC-Florida should be accounted for under the equity method of
 accounting and no longer consolidated.

The balance of the Company s investment in PIC-Florida was
 approximately 2.5 million at December 31, 2006 and is
 included in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet in other
 investments. The Company s share of PIC-Florida s
 earnings in 2006, under the equity method of accounting, was
 420,000 and is included in investment income.
 PIC-Florida s total assets included in the Consolidated
 Balance Sheet at December 31, 2005, were approximately
 16.1 million and its net premiums earned included in the
 Consolidated Statements of Income were 3.3 million and
 2.3 million, respectively, for the years ended
 December 31, 2005 and 2004. The note receivable balance
 related to the sale of PIC-Florida was 2.5 million and
 3.0 million at December 31, 2006 and 2005,
 respectively, and is included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 in other assets. A deposit liability of an equal amount, which
 offsets the note receivable balance, is carried in accrued
 expenses and other liabilities.

2. 

Effects
 of New Accounting Pronouncements 

In June 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 FASB issued Interpretation No. 48
 (FIN 48), Accounting for Uncertainty in Income
 Taxes an interpretation of FASB Statement
 No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes, which clarifies
 the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. FIN 48
 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for
 the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax
 position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The
 interpretation requires that the Company recognize in the
 financial statements, the impact of a tax position, if that
 position is more likely than not to be sustained on audit, based
 on the technical merits of the position. FIN 48 also
 provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and
 penalties, accounting in interim periods and disclosure. The
 provisions of FIN 48 are effective for fiscal years
 beginning after December 15, 2006 with the cumulative
 effect of the change in accounting principle recorded as an
 adjustment to opening retained earnings. The adoption of this
 statement is not expected to have a material impact on the
 Company s consolidated financial position or results of
 operations. However, additional disclosures may be required in
 the notes to future consolidated financial statements.

In February 2006 the FASB issued SFAS No. 155,
 Accounting for Certain Hybrid Instruments, an amendment of
 FASB Statements No. 133 and 140, which permits, but
 does not require, fair value accounting for any hybrid financial
 instrument that contains an embedded derivative that would
 otherwise require bifurcation in accordance with SFAS
 No. 133 Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
 Hedging Activities, as amended. SFAS No. 155 also
 subjects beneficial interests issued by securitization vehicles
 to the requirements of SFAS No. 133. The

47

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2. 

Effects
 of New Accounting Pronouncements (continued) 

provisions of SFAS No. 155 are effective for fiscal years
 beginning after September 15, 2006. The adoption of SFAS
 No. 155 is not expected to have a material impact on the
 Company s financial condition or results of operations.

In March 2006 the FASB issued SFAS No. 156,
 Accounting for Servicing of Financial Assets, an amendment
 of FASB Statement No. 140, which permits, but does not
 require, an entity to account for one or more classes of
 servicing rights at fair value, with the changes in fair value
 recorded in net income. The adoption of SFAS No. 156 in the
 first quarter of 2007 is not expected to have a material impact
 on the Company s financial condition or results of
 operations.

SFAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements, 
 which was issued in September 2006, defines fair value,
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in GAAP, and
 expands disclosures about fair value measurements.
 SFAS No. 157 applies under other accounting
 pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements,
 the FASB having previously concluded in those accounting
 pronouncements that fair value is the relevant measurement
 attribute. Accordingly, SFAS No. 157 does not require
 any new fair value measurements. However, for some entities, the
 application of this Statement will change current practice.
 SFAS No. 157 is effective for financial statements
 issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007,
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Based on assets
 held and liabilities carried as of this reporting date, the
 adoption of SFAS No. 157 is not expected to have a
 material impact on the Company s consolidated financial
 position or results of operations. However, assets acquired or
 liabilities assumed in future periods prior to the adoption of
 SFAS No. 157 may result in a different assessment of
 the impact of adoption.

In September 2006 the Securities and Exchange Commission issued
 Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108, Considering
 the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying
 Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements 
 SAB 108 ). SAB 108 provides guidance to
 registrants on how prior year misstatements should be taken into
 consideration when quantifying misstatements in current year
 financial statements for purposes of determining whether the
 current year s financial statements are materially
 misstated. SAB 108 is effective for fiscal years ending
 after November 15, 2006. The adoption of SAB 108 has
 not had a material impact on the Company s results of
 operations or financial position.

In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159,
 The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial
 Liabilities including an amendment of
 FAS 115, which permits entities to choose to measure
 many financial instruments and certain other items at fair
 value. The objective of this statement is to provide entities
 with the opportunity to mitigate volatility in reported earnings
 caused by measuring related assets and liabilities differently
 without having to apply complex hedge accounting provisions. The
 provisions of SFAS No. 159 are effective for fiscal
 years beginning after November 15, 2007. The adoption of
 this statement is not expected to have a material impact on the
 Company s consolidated financial position or results of
 operations.

48

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

3. 

Investments 

The composition of the Company s
 available-for-sale 
 investment security portfolio, including unrealized gains and
 losses at December 31, 2006 and 2005, was:

2006 

Gross 

Gross 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Estimated 

Cost/Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Fair Value 

(In thousands) 

Available-for-sale 

U.S. government obligations

2,499

20

(2

2,517

States and political subdivisions

79,027

204

(25

79,206

Corporate securities

169,734

3,593

(228

173,099

Mortgage-backed securities

168

11

179

Total
 available-for-sale 
 securities

251,428

3,828

(255

255,001

2005 

Gross 

Gross 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Estimated 

Cost/Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Fair Value 

(In thousands) 

Available-for-sale 

U.S. government obligations

3,752

55

(19

3,788

States and political subdivisions

16,106

145

16,251

Corporate securities

197,926

6,028

(230

203,724

Mortgage-backed securities

287

57

(6

338

Total
 available-for-sale 
 fixed-income securities

218,071

6,285

(255

224,101

Equity securities

208

208

Total
 available-for-sale 
 securities

218,279

6,285

(255

224,309

49

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

3. 

Investments
 (continued) 

The following table shows the carrying value, gross unrecognized
 holding gains and losses, as well as the estimated fair value of
 the Company s
 held-to-maturity 
 fixed-income security portfolio as of December 31, 2006 and
 2005. The carrying value at December 31, 2006 and 2005,
 includes approximately 3.8 million and 4.9 million
 of unrealized gains, respectively, which are included in the
 carrying value of securities transferred to the
 held-to-maturity 
 category in 2005, as described in Note 1, and as a
 component of accumulated other comprehensive income in the
 accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.

2006 

Gross 

Gross 

Unrecognized 

Unrecognized 

Carrying 

Holding 

Holding 

Estimated 

Value 

Gains 

Losses 

Fair Value 

(In thousands) 

Held-to-maturity 

U.S. government obligations

142,566

178

(2,132

140,612

States and political subdivisions

129,944

356

(76

130,224

Corporate securities

69,093

41

(3,294

65,840

Mortgage-backed securities

163,969

18

(3,768

160,219

Total
 held-to-maturity 
 fixed-income securities

505,572

593

(9,270

496,895

2005 

Gross 

Gross 

Unrecognized 

Unrecognized 

Carrying 

Holding 

Holding 

Estimated 

Value 

Gains 

Losses 

Fair Value 

(In thousands) 

Held-to-maturity 

U.S. government obligations

82,628

(1,638

80,990

States and political subdivisions

2,879

(28

2,851

Corporate securities

69,681

173

(1,572

68,282

Mortgage-backed securities

190,514

51

(3,753

186,812

Total
 held-to-maturity 
 fixed-income securities

345,702

224

(6,991

338,935

50

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

3. 

Investments
 (continued) 

The following tables show the Company s gross, unrealized
 in the case of
 available-for-sale 
 securities, or unrecognized for
 held-to-maturity 
 securities, investment losses and fair value, aggregated by
 investment category and length of time that individual
 securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position,
 at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

December 31, 2006 

Less Than 12 Months 

12 Months or More 

Total 

Unrealized or 

Unrealized or 

Unrealized or 

Fair 

Unrecognized 

Fair 

Unrecognized 

Fair 

Unrecognized 

Description of Securities 

Value 

Losses 

Value 

Losses 

Value 

Losses 

(In thousands) 

Available-for-sale 

U.S. government obligations

998

(2

998

(2

States and political subdivisions

15,964

(25

15,964

(25

Corporate securities

5,935

(6

10,034

(221

15,969

(227

Subtotal fixed income

22,897

(33

10,034

(221

32,931

(254

Held-to-maturity 

U.S. government obligations

29,961

(39

80,473

(2,093

110,434

(2,132

States and political subdivisions

20,794

(45

2,004

(31

22,798

(76

Corporate securities

13,501

(1,384

41,265

(1,909

54,766

(3,293

Mortgage-backed securities

13

156,910

(3,768

156,923

(3,768

Subtotal fixed income

64,269

(1,468

280,652

(7,801

344,921

(9,269

Total temporarily impaired
 securities

87,166

(1,501

290,686

(8,022

377,852

(9,523

51

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

3. 

Investments
 (continued) 

December 31, 2005 

Less Than 12 Months 

12 Months or More 

Total 

Unrealized or 

Unrealized or 

Unrealized or 

Fair 

Unrecognized 

Fair 

Unrecognized 

Fair 

Unrecognized 

Description of Securities 

Value 

Losses 

Value 

Losses 

Value 

Losses 

(In thousands) 

Available-for-sale 

U.S. government obligations

(19

(19

Corporate securities

3,974

(76

6,230

(154

10,204

(230

Mortgage-backed securities

1

(6

1

(6

Subtotal fixed income

3,975

(101

6,230

(154

10,205

(255

Held-to-maturity 

U.S. government obligations

80,990

(1,638

80,990

(1,638

States and political subdivisions

2,852

(28

2,852

(28

Corporate securities

48,246

(1,572

48,246

(1,572

Mortgage-backed securities

179,981

(3,753

179,981

(3,753

Subtotal fixed income

312,069

(6,991

312,069

(6,991

Available-for-sale 
 equity securities 

Total temporarily impaired
 securities

316,044

(7,092

6,230

(154

322,274

(7,246

Those securities in the tables above that are in an unrealized
 or unrecognized loss position at December 31, 2006 or 2005
 were determined to be in that position primarily as a result of
 changes in prevailing interest rates. All securities in an
 unrealized or unrecognized loss position at December 31,
 2006 or 2005 were considered investment grade. The Company
 defines investment grade securities as those that have a
 Standard & Poors credit rating of BBB and above.
 Based on the Company s ability and intent to hold these
 securities until their maturity, or for a sufficient period of
 time to allow for the recovery of the securities market value,
 their decline in market value is deemed to be temporary in
 nature.

52

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

3. 

Investments
 (continued) 

The components of pre-tax investment income and net realized
 gains for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004
 were:

2006 

2005 

2004 

(In thousands) 

Interest income

44,155

44,451

46,108

Dividend income

428

60

160

Other investment income

670

652

1,105

Total investment income

45,253

45,163

47,373

Investment expenses

(845

(1,411

(2,460

Net investment income

44,408

43,752

44,913

Gross realized gains on disposal

Fixed income

148

3,065

7,639

Equity securities

2,166

121

3,374

Other invested assets

1,474

651

Total gross realized gains

3,788

3,186

11,664

Gross realized losses on disposal

Fixed income

(146

(329

(1,406

Equity securities

(7

(68

(2,072

Other invested assets

(16

(66

(1,709

Property and equipment

(131

(47

(94

Total gross realized losses on
 disposal

(300

(510

(5,281

Other than temporary impairments

(178

(643

(4,832

Net realized gains

3,310

2,033

1,551

The estimated fair value of fixed-income securities classified
 as
 available-for-sale 
 and the carrying value and estimated fair value of fixed-income
 securities classified as
 held-to-maturity 
 at December 31, 2006, by contractual maturity, were:

Estimated 

Fair Value 

(In thousands) 

Available-for-sale 

Less than one year

40,088

One to five years

111,468

Five to ten years

95,016

More than ten years

8,250

Mortgage-backed securities

179

Total
 available-for-sale 

255,001

53

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

3. 

Investments
 (continued) 

Carrying 

Estimated 

Value 

Fair Value 

(In thousands) 

Held-to-maturity 

Less than one year

One to five years

78,547

76,280

Five to ten years

184,192

182,455

More than ten years

78,865

77,941

Mortgage-backed securities

163,968

160,219

Total
 held-to-maturity 

505,572

496,895

Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities
 because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay
 obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. For
 the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, the Company
 received one-time call premiums of 371,000 and 283,000,
 respectively.

The carrying amount of bonds that were on deposit with various
 state regulatory authorities as of December 31, 2006 and
 2005, was 8.5 million and 8.6 million, respectively.

Proceeds on the sales of investments in bonds totaled
 11.9 million in 2006, 33.0 million in 2005, and
 154.9 million in 2004. Gross gains of 0, 358,000 and
 7.5 million were realized on the sales of investments in
 bonds for the years ended 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.
 Gross losses of 133,000, 329,000 and 1.3 million were
 realized on the sales of investments in bonds for the years
 ended 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

4. 

Other
 Comprehensive Income 

SFAS No. 130, Reporting Comprehensive
 Income, requires unrealized gains or losses on the
 Company s
 available-for-sale 
 investment securities arising during the period and the
 amortization of unrealized gains and losses on the
 Company s
 held-to-maturity 
 securities at the date of transfer to be included in other
 comprehensive income, net of tax.

The following table shows the components of net unrealized gains
 on investments, net of deferred federal income taxes included in
 accumulated other comprehensive income in the shareholders 
 equity section of the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets
 at December 31, 2006 and 2005:

December 31, 

2006 

2005 

(In thousands) 

Net unrealized gains on
 available-for-sale 
 securities

3,573

6,030

Net unamortized unrealized gains
 on
 held-to-maturity 
 securities

3,781

4,865

Deferred federal income taxes

(2,574

(3,813

Effect of minority interests and
 equity method investees, net of deferred taxes

(11

22

Total net unrealized gains

4,769

7,104

54

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

4. 

Other
 Comprehensive Income (continued) 

The following table shows net unrealized gains (losses) on
 available-for-sale 
 investment securities arising during the period, as well as the
 amortization of unrealized gains related to
 held-to-maturity 
 securities, reclassification adjustments, and the related
 deferred income tax effects included in other comprehensive
 income for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004.

2006 

2005 

2004 

(In thousands) 

Unrealized gains (losses) arising
 during the period:

Available-for-sale: 

Fixed maturities

(2,455

(9,350

(14,855

Equity securities

1,950

(31

437

Held-to-maturity 
 amortization

(1,084

(1,021

Reclassification adjustments

(1,952

(2,789

(7,046

Other comprehensive loss before
 taxes, minority interests and equity method investees

(3,541

(13,191

(21,464

Deferred federal income taxes

1,239

4,617

7,512

Change in deferred tax valuation
 allowance

7,512

(7,512

Minority interests and equity
 method investees, net of deferred taxes

(33

12

11

Other comprehensive income

(2,335

(1,050

(21,453

5. 

Deferred
 Acquisition Costs 

Changes in deferred policy acquisition costs for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004 are summarized as follows:

2006 

2005 

2004 

(In thousands) 

Balance, January 1

7,877

8,082

10,461

Additions

16,927

18,782

20,670

Amortization

(17,160

(18,987

(22,749

Recoverability write-offs

(300

Balance, December 31

7,644

7,877

8,082

In 2004 the Company determined that the capitalized deferred
 acquisition costs associated with the other insurance lines
 segment were not recoverable and accordingly wrote-off 300,000
 of capitalized costs.

Deferred acquisition costs are included in other assets on the
 accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.

55

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

6. 

Property
 and Equipment, Net 

At December 31, 2006 and 2005, property and equipment
 consisted of the following:

2006 

2005 

(In thousands) 

Land

571

571

Building (occupied by the Company)

10,499

10,499

Computer equipment and software

11,456

11,974

Furniture and leasehold
 improvements

3,967

4,050

26,493

27,094

Accumulated depreciation

(16,718

(15,937

9,775

11,157

Depreciation expense associated with property and equipment for
 the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004, was
 1.4 million, 1.7 million and 1.9 million,
 respectively.

7. 

Unpaid
 Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

Activity in unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses for the
 years ended December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004, was as
 follows:

2006 

2005 

2004 

(In thousands) 

Balance, beginning of year

689,857

693,630

673,605

Less, reinsurance recoverables

(107,692

(101,791

(98,958

Net balance, beginning of year

582,165

591,839

574,647

Deconsolidation of PIC-Florida

(2,418

Incurred related to

Current year

113,338

131,496

171,600

Prior years

(12,880

(4,372

6,186

Total incurred

100,458

127,124

177,786

Paid related to

Current year

3,168

5,054

17,961

Prior years

96,971

131,744

142,633

Total paid

100,139

136,798

160,594

Net balance, end of year

580,066

582,165

591,839

Plus, reinsurance recoverables

107,965

107,692

101,791

Balance, end of period

688,031

689,857

693,630

Prior year development as a
 percentage of beginning of the year net reserves

2.2

0.7

1.1

The Company has worked over the last few years to reunderwrite
 risks in virtually all markets. These efforts have resulted in a
 decrease in the frequency and severity of reported and paid
 losses that are now beginning to emerge in the loss data used to
 make actuarial projections of ultimate losses. Accordingly, the
 favorable

56

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

7. 

Unpaid
 Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses (continued) 

development in 2006 and 2005 was the result of fewer than
 anticipated reported claims and lower than expected claims
 settlement costs, especially in the Company s Ohio and
 Michigan markets.

The unfavorable development in 2004 includes approximately
 4.4 million incurred in connection with the commutation of
 reinsurance treaties with Gerling Global Reinsurance
 Corporation. The remaining 1.8 million of unfavorable
 development relates primarily to the run-off of the
 Company s workers compensation line of business,
 partially offset by favorable development due to lower than
 projected paid claim severity, most notably in the
 Company s Ohio and Michigan medical professional liability
 markets.

Management believes that the estimate of the ultimate liability
 for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses at
 December 31, 2006, is reasonable and reflects the
 anticipated ultimate loss experience. However, it is possible
 that the Company s actual incurred loss and loss adjustment
 expenses will not conform to the assumptions inherent in the
 estimation of the liability. Accordingly, it is reasonably
 possible that the ultimate settlement of losses and the related
 loss adjustment expenses may vary significantly from the
 estimated amounts included in the accompanying Consolidated
 Balance Sheets.

8. 

Long-Term
 Debt 

In 2003, the Company formed two business trusts (the
 Trusts for the purpose of issuing, in private
 placement transactions, 30.0 million of mandatorily
 redeemable trust preferred securities TPS and
 using the proceeds thereof, together with the equity proceeds
 received from APCapital in the initial formation of the Trusts,
 to purchase 30.9 million of floating rate junior
 subordinated deferrable interest debentures (the
 Debentures from APCapital.

The Debentures issued by APCapital mature in 30 years and
 bear interest at an annual rate equal to the three-month LIBOR
 plus 4.10 for the first trust issuance, and three-month LIBOR
 plus 4.20 for the second trust issuance, payable quarterly. The
 interest rate is adjusted on a quarterly basis provided that
 prior to May 2008, the interest rate shall not exceed 12.50 .
 The weighted average interest rates of 9.28 (Trust I
 issuance) and 9.38 (Trust II issuance) resulted in
 interest expense of approximately 2.8 million for the year
 ended December 31, 2006. Interest expense for the years
 ended December 31, 2005 and 2004 was 2.3 million and
 1.7 million, respectively. At December 31, 2006 and
 2005, accrued interest payable to the trusts was approximately
 333,000 and 298,000, respectively. The Debentures are callable
 by APCapital at par beginning in May 2008. APCapital has
 guaranteed that the payments made to the Trusts will be
 distributed by the Trusts to the holders of the TPS. As the
 amounts that could potentially be payable under the guarantees
 are recorded as liabilities by the Company, no additional
 liability related to these guarantees has been accrued.

The Debentures are unsecured obligations of the Company and are
 junior in the right of payment to all future senior indebtedness
 of the Company. The Company estimates that the fair value of the
 debentures approximates their carrying, or face value, as a
 result of the variable rate of interest paid by these securities.

9. 

Reinsurance 

Reinsurance arises from the Company seeking to reduce its loss
 exposure on its higher limit policies. The Company has mainly
 entered into excess of loss contracts for medical malpractice
 and workers compensation. A

57

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

9. 

Reinsurance
 (continued) 

reconciliation of direct premiums to net premiums, on both a
 written and earned basis, for the years ended December 31,
 2006, 2005 and 2004, is as follows:

2006 

2005 

2004 

Written 

Earned 

Written 

Earned 

Written 

Earned 

(In thousands) 

Direct

156,866

163,746

185,511

192,437

213,945

227,528

Ceded

(10,097

(14,022

(25,587

(26,628

(30,482

(30,100

Assumed

(46

(36

(2,542

(1,526

2,968

3,151

Net

146,723

149,688

157,382

164,283

186,431

200,579

Assumed as a percentage of net

0.0

0.0

1.6

0.9

1.6

1.6

Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred are net of ceded
 losses and loss adjustment expenses of 10.4 million for
 2006, 20.5 million for 2005, and 29.8 million for
 2004.

The Company s policy is to enter into reinsurance contracts
 only with highly rated reinsurers. Reinsurance contracts do not
 relieve the Company from its obligations to policyholders. If
 the reinsurance company is unable to meet its obligations under
 existing reinsurance agreements, the Company remains liable for
 ceded reserves related to unpaid losses, loss adjustment
 expenses and unearned premiums.

The Company had reinsurance recoverables from the following
 reinsurers at December 31, 2006 and 2005:

December 31, 

2006 

2005 

(In thousands) 

Hannover Ruckversicherungs

45,419

46,948

Munich Reins Amer

26,190

25,297

Transatlantic Reinsurance Company

10,605

11,587

Aspen Re

5,904

6,000

Lloyds of London

4,113

4,007

General Reinsurance Corporation

3,146

3,398

PMA Capital Insurance Corporation

2,886

2,568

Montpelier

2,629

2,671

Others

12,558

17,754

113,450

120,230

Amounts due from reinsurers on the accompanying Consolidated
 Balance Sheets consisted of the following:

December 31, 

2006 

2005 

(In thousands) 

Reinsurance recoverable

109,013

109,368

Prepaid reinsurance premium
 (included in other assets)

4,437

10,862

Amounts recoverable from reinsurers

113,450

120,230

The Company commuted its ceded reinsurance treaties with Gerling
 Global Reinsurance Corporation Gerling during
 2004. The Company recognized the 13.5 million cash
 settlement received from Gerling as reduction of losses and loss
 adjustment expenses paid (thereby reducing losses and loss
 adjustment expenses

58

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

9. 

Reinsurance
 (continued) 

incurred) in 2004. In connection with the commutation, the
 Company released Gerling from its obligations under the
 treaties, which resulted in a reduction of the Company s
 reinsurance recoverables of approximately 17.9 million
 (thereby increasing losses and loss adjustment expenses
 incurred). The net effect of the commutation was an increase in
 losses and loss adjustment expenses of 4.4 million,
 partially offset by an 837,000 increase in net premiums earned.

10. 

Income
 Taxes 

The provision (benefit) for income taxes for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, consists of:

2006 

2005 

2004 

(In thousands) 

Current provision (benefit)

7,614

2,294

(2,680

Deferred provision

12,202

13,805

9,011

Deferred tax valuation allowance

(44,051

(6,621

Total provision (benefit)

19,816

(27,952

(290

The Company s income tax reconciliation for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, is as follows:

2006 

2005 

2004 

(In thousands) 

Income before income taxes

63,003

44,867

19,750

Tax at statutory rate

22,051

35.0

15,694

35.0

6,913

35.0

Tax effect of:

Tax exempt interest

(2,091

3.3

(217

0.5

(338

1.7

Other items, net

(144

0.2

622

1.4

(244

1.2

Valuation allowance

0.0

(44,051

98.2

(6,621

33.5

19,816

31.5

(27,952

62.3

(290

1.4

59

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

10. 

Income
 Taxes (continued) 

At December 31, 2006 and 2005, the components of the net
 deferred federal income tax asset were as follows:

2006 

2005 

(In thousands) 

Deferred tax assets arising from:

Losses and loss adjustment expenses

21,010

23,378

Net operating loss carryforwards

1,209

7,447

Unearned and advanced premiums

6,027

6,383

Minimum tax credits

6,185

8,761

Realized losses on investments

613

820

Goodwill

3,790

4,170

Other

863

1,478

Total deferred tax assets

39,697

52,437

Deferred tax liabilities arising
 from:

Deferred policy acquisition costs

2,675

2,757

Net unrealized gains on securities

2,574

3,813

Other

1,653

1,828

Total deferred tax liabilities

6,902

8,398

Net deferred tax asset before
 valuation allowance

32,795

44,039

Valuation allowance

Net deferred tax asset

32,795

44,039

In 2003, as a result of its assessment of the realizability of
 its deferred tax assets, the Company recorded a full valuation
 allowance against its net deferred tax asset. However, in 2005,
 after several consecutive quarters of pre-tax income, the
 Company concluded that the deferred tax asset valuation
 allowance was no longer necessary. Accordingly, the Company
 reversed the entire valuation allowance balance in 2005.

The following table shows the intraperiod allocation of the
 change in the deferred tax valuation allowance for the years
 ended December 31, 2005 and 2004, and the impact of the
 reversal of the valuation allowance on federal income tax
 benefit included in net income, other comprehensive income and
 shareholders equity for the years ended December 31,
 2005 and 2004.

2005 

2004 

Valuation allowance balance,
 January 1

(53,366

(50,672

Change in valuation allowance
 allocated to:

Federal income tax benefit from
 operations

51,563

6,621

Reclass benefit from continuing
 operations to other comprehensive income

(7,512

Unrealized depreciation on
 investment securities allocated to other comprehensive income

7,512

(7,512

Incremental tax benefit from stock
 based compensation allocated to additional
 paid-in-capital 

1,775

(1,775

Other items allocated to
 shareholders equity

28

(28

Valuation allowance balance,
 December 31

(53,366

60

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

10. 

Income
 Taxes (continued) 

At December 31, 2006, the Company had approximately
 1.8 million and 1.7 million of net operating loss
 carryforwards that expire in 2010 and 2011, and are limited to
 575,000 and 340,000 annually, respectively. In addition, at
 December 31, 2006, the Company had approximately
 6.2 million of minimum tax credits which can be carried
 forward indefinitely.

11. 

Shareholders 
 Equity 

The Board of Directors has authorized the Company to purchase
 shares of its outstanding common stock under two separate plans.
 The Board of Directors has approved a series of authorizations
 to purchase shares of the Company s outstanding common
 stock at the discretion of management (referred to as the
 discretionary plan ). The total number of shares
 authorized to be repurchased under the discretionary plan since
 its inception is 6,060,659. At December 31, 2006,
 289,804 shares remained available for repurchase under the
 discretionary plan, subject to limitations that may be imposed
 by applicable laws and regulations and the rules of the Nasdaq
 Global Market. The timing of the purchases and the number of
 shares to be bought at any one time depend on market conditions
 and the Company s capital resources and requirements.
 Shares repurchased under these authorizations during the years
 ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, as well as the
 total number of shares repurchased pursuant to prior
 authorizations under the discretionary plan are shown in the
 table below.

Discretionary Plan 

Inception 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

to Date Totals 

2006 

2005 

2004 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Number of shares repurchased

5,770,855

325,000

650,250

Cost of shares repurchased

88,557

11,117

17,057

Average cost per share repurchased

15.35

34.21

26.23

In April 2006 the Company announced that its Board of Directors
 had authorized a share repurchase of 20 million of its
 common shares pursuant to a plan adopted under
 Rule 10b5-1 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In August 2006 the Board
 of Directors authorized an additional share repurchase of
 10 million under this plan. Shares may be repurchased
 under a
 Rule 10b5-1 
 plan at times when the Company otherwise might be prevented from
 doing so under insider trading laws or because of self-imposed
 trading blackout periods. A broker selected by the Company has
 the authority under the terms and limitations specified in the
 plan to repurchase shares on the Company s behalf pursuant
 to a pre-determined formula.

Rule 10b5-1 
 Plan 

Inception 

to Date 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

Totals 

2006 

2005 

2004 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Number of shares repurchased

750,350

750,350

Cost of shares repurchased

23,645

23,645

Average cost per share repurchased

31.51

31.51

At December 31, 2006, there was 6.4 million remaining
 to be purchased under the 2006
 Rule 10b5-1 
 plan. On October 27, 2006, the Company s Board of
 Directors adopted a new stock repurchase plan for 2007 under
 Rule 10b5-1 
 and authorized an additional share repurchase of
 32 million of its common shares. In addition, the Board
 authorized the rollover into the 2007 plan of any unused dollars
 allocated to the 2006 10b5-1 plan. The
 Rule 10b5-1 
 plan share repurchases are expected to continue until the
 authorizations are fully utilized, subject to conditions
 specified in the
 Rule 10b5-1 
 plan. However, the Company may terminate the plan at any time.

61

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

11. 

Shareholders 
 Equity (continued) 

In addition to the shares above, which were repurchased in
 connection with publicly announced plans, the Company
 repurchased 8,289 shares and 249,026 shares in 2006
 and 2004, respectively, which were tendered in lieu of cash in
 connection with the exercise of stock options.

12. 

Fair
 Value of Financial Instruments 

SFAS No. 107, Disclosures About Fair Value of
 Financial Instruments , requires disclosure of fair-value
 information about financial instruments, whether or not
 recognized in the balance sheet, for which it is practicable to
 estimate that value. In situations where quoted market prices
 are not available, fair values are to be based on estimates
 using present value or other valuation techniques.
 SFAS No. 107 excludes certain financial instruments
 and all non-financial instruments from its disclosure
 requirements.

Under SFAS No. 107, the Company s investment
 securities, cash and cash equivalents, premiums receivable,
 reinsurance recoverable on paid losses, and long-term debt
 constitute financial instruments. With the exception of
 fixed-income securities classified as
 held-to-maturity, 
 the carrying amounts of all financial instruments approximated
 their fair values at December 31, 2006 and 2005. The fair
 value of fixed-income
 held-to-maturity 
 securities is disclosed in Note 3.

13. 

Restructuring
 Charges and Exit Costs 

Termination
 Benefits 

In 2003 the Company began to exit its workers compensation
 line of business. A number of employees were terminated and
 others given incentives to remain to manage the run-off of this
 line through March 2007. Employee separation costs related to
 these remaining individuals will be recognized prospectively
 over the future service period. At December 31, 2006, total
 future employee separation costs are estimated to be
 approximately 4,000.

The activity in the liability for termination benefits for the
 years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 was as follows:

2006 

2005 

2004 

(In thousands) 

Balance, January 1

97

101

727

Employee separation costs

32

65

185

Payments

(11

(69

(811

Balance, December 31

118

97

101

Contract
 Termination Costs 

In 2004 the Company subleased approximately 10,000 square
 feet of office space in Chicago, Illinois to an unrelated third
 party. In 2005 the Company subleased an additional
 3,000 square feet. The difference in the cash flows between
 the Company s obligations for the subleased space, in
 accordance with the original lease terms, and the rent the
 Company will receive from the sublessor over the next seven
 years has been discounted using an interest rate of
 approximately six-percent to approximate the fair value of the
 liability incurred in connection with the contract termination.
 Other costs incurred in connection with the subleased space,
 such as broker commissions, were also included in the
 calculation of the original liability.

62

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

13. 

Restructuring
 Charges and Exit Costs (continued) 

Activity in the liability for contract termination costs for the
 years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, was as
 follows:

2006 

2005 

2004 

(In thousands) 

Balance, January 1

1,120

921

Payments

(181

(334

(170

Contract termination costs

345

1,091

Changes in estimated cash flows

61

127

Discount accretion

68

61

Balance, December 31

1,068

1,120

921

Certain costs associated with the original lease and subleases
 are variable. As additional information regarding these variable
 costs becomes available, the estimated future cash flows are
 adjusted to reflect the revised estimates. Any changes in the
 liability for contract termination costs associated with
 estimated cash flow adjustments are charged or credited to
 expense in the period the change in estimates is first known.

All costs associated with termination benefits and contract
 terminations are included in the other expenses line item in the
 accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income.

14. 

Related
 Party Transactions 

The former President and CEO of the Company is a majority owner
 of SCW Agency Group, Inc., an agency that sells the
 Company s medical professional liability insurance in
 Michigan, Illinois and Kentucky. Direct premiums written by the
 agency during 2006, 2005 and 2004 totaled 50.5 million,
 63.9 million and 74.4 million, respectively,
 representing, 32.2 , 34.5 , and 34.8 of total direct premiums
 written by the Company during such years. Commission expense
 incurred related to SCW approximated 3.7 million,
 4.8 million and 5.8 million in 2006, 2005 and 2004,
 respectively.

During 2004, the Company s former President and CEO, and
 majority owner of SCW, received payments totaling 120,000 for
 consulting services.

15. 

Employee
 Benefit Plans 

The Company offers benefits under certain defined contribution
 plans. In 2006, 2005 and 2004 the defined contribution plans
 provide for Company contributions of 5 of employee
 compensation, as defined in the plan, and a 100 match of
 employee contributions on the first 3 of contributions and 50 
 match on the next 2 of contributions. Employer contributions to
 the plans were approximately 831,000, 937,000 and 1,001,000
 for 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

16. 

Share-Based
 Compensation 

Equity
 Compensation Plans 

The Board of Directors and shareholders have authorized the
 American Physicians Capital, Inc. Stock Compensation Plan (the
 Plan ). The Plan provides for the award of stock
 options and other share-based awards for officers, directors and
 employees of the Company.

These awards must be approved by the compensation committee of
 the board of directors. The total number of shares of the
 Company s common stock authorized for issuance under the
 Plan is 1,800,000 shares, of which only 6,540 remain
 available at December 31, 2006 for future grants.

63

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

16. 

Share-Based
 Compensation (continued) 

Certain executive officers, board members and employees have
 been granted options to purchase shares of APCapital common
 stock. All outstanding options vest in annual installments of
 33 , 33 and 34 on the first through the third anniversaries,
 respectively, of the date of grant. All options expire on the
 tenth anniversary of the grant date.

Effective November 29, 2006, the Company s Board of
 Directors amended the Plan with respect to the exercise of
 options and tax withholding. Holders of options under the Plan
 may exercise their outstanding options and pay the exercise
 price pursuant to a net share settlement feature. This feature
 allows the option holder to elect to have shares of stock
 withheld upon exercise to pay the option exercise price and the
 payment of taxes attributable to the option exercise.

The following table summarizes activity in the Company s
 equity compensation plans for stock options awards for the year
 ended December 31, 2006:

Weighted 

Number 

Weighted 

Average 

Aggregate 

of 

Average 

Remaining 

Intrinsic 

Options 

Exercise Price 

Term 

Value 

(In years) 

(In thousands) 

Options outstanding at
 January 1, 2006

776,100

15.20

Granted during the period

Exercised during the period

(232,280

11.88

Canceled during the period

(1,500

26.50

Options outstanding at
 December 31, 2006

542,320

16.59

6.45

12,718

Options exercisable at
 December 31, 2006

396,571

14.51

5.84

10,125

The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference
 between the exercise price of the underlying awards and the
 quoted market price (adjusted for the effect of the stock split
 described in Note 1) of the Company s common
 stock for the options that were
 in-the-money 
 at December 31, 2006. For the years ended December 31,
 2006, 2005 and 2004, the total intrinsic value of options
 exercised was 5.9 million, 2.1 million and
 4.8 million, respectively, determined as of the date of
 option exercise.

In January 2004, the Company issued 45,000 shares of
 non-vested stock under the Plan to certain employees with a
 market price at the date of grant of 11.47 per share. The
 shares granted in 2004 vest annually at a rate of 33 , 33 and
 34 in January 2005, 2006 and 2007, respectively, as long as the
 grantees remain employed by the Company. In 2004, the Company
 also granted a total of 1,500 shares of unrestricted stock
 to newly appointed directors of the Company s Board. The
 market value of the Company s stock at the date of grant
 for these unrestricted shares was 18.14, resulting in
 compensation expense of approximately 27,000 during 2004.

64

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

16. 

Share-Based
 Compensation (continued) 

A summary of the status and changes of nonvested shares issued
 under the Plan as of and during the year ended December 31,
 2006 is presented below:

Weighted 

Number of 

Average 

Non-vested 

Grant Date 

Shares 

Fair Value 

Non-vested shares outstanding at
 January 1, 2006

24,119

11.47

Granted during the period

Vested during the period

(11,882

11.47

Forfeited during the period

(765

11.47

Non-vested shares outstanding at
 December 31, 2006

11,472

11.47

The total fair value, at the date of vesting, of stock options
 and other share awards vested during the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 was 3.5 million,
 5.7 million and 8.5 million, respectively.

As of December 31, 2006, the Company had 205,000 of
 unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested
 share-based payment awards that are expected to be recognized
 over a weighted average period of seven months.

Impact
 of the Adoption of SFAS No. 123(R) 

The Company adopted SFAS No. 123(R), Share-Based
 Payment, beginning January 1, 2006 using the modified
 prospective transition method. Accordingly, for the year ended
 December 31, 2006, the Company recorded share-based
 compensation expense for awards granted prior to, but not yet
 vested, as of January 1, 2006, adjusted for estimated
 forfeitures, using the fair value method. Share-based
 compensation for option awards is being recognized on a
 straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each
 separately vesting portion of the award as if the award were, in
 substance, multiple awards. Compensation expense for restricted
 shares granted is being recognized on a straight-line basis over
 the requisite service period for the entire award, which is
 three years. The impact on our results of operations of
 recording share-based compensation for the year ended
 December 31, 2006, was a pre-tax charge to underwriting
 expense of 571,000. Net of taxes, the effect on net income was
 371,000, or 0.03 per basic and diluted share.

SFAS No. 123(R) also requires that the cash flows
 resulting from the excess tax benefits associated with the
 share-based compensation be classified as cash flows from
 financing activities. Accordingly, the Company has reported
 excess tax benefits of 2.1 million, 1.1 million and
 1.0 million as cash inflows in the financing activities
 section of the statement of cash flows for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. These
 incremental tax benefits are also credited to additional
 paid-in-capital. 
 The pool of excess tax benefits credited to additional
 paid-in-capital has been determined using the alternative
 transition method as permitted by FASB Staff Position FAS
 123(R)-3.

Prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 123(R), the
 unrecognized portion of share-based compensation, based on the
 APB No. 25 intrinsic value method, was reported as a contra
 account in the shareholders equity section of the balance
 sheet, net of deferred taxes. Upon the adoption of
 SFAS No. 123(R) in January 2006, the unearned
 share-based compensation balance of approximately 84,000 was
 reclassified to
 additional-paid-in-capital. 

Employee share-based compensation expense recognized under
 SFAS No. 123(R) was not reflected in our results of
 operations for the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004
 for employee stock option awards as all options were granted
 with an exercise price equal to the market value of the
 underlying common stock on the date of grant. However, the
 Company has historically provided the required pro forma
 disclosures under SFAS No. 123, as amended by
 SFAS No. 148, Accounting for Stock-Based
 Compensation Transition and Disclosures. The

65

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

16. 

Share-Based
 Compensation (continued) 

originally disclosed pro forma effects of share-based
 compensation expense have been included here for purposes of
 comparison to the results of operations for the years ended
 December 31, 2006. In accordance with adoption pursuant to
 the modified-prospective method, previously reported amounts in
 the income statement have not been changed.

The pro forma information for the years ended December 31,
 2005 and 2004, was as follows:

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2005 

2004 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Net income, as reported

72,366

20,030

Add: Stock-based employee
 compensation expense included in reported net income, net of
 related tax effects

227

260

Deduct: Total stock-based employee
 compensation expense determined under fair value based method
 for all awards granted since 2000, net of related tax effects

(563

(921

Pro forma net income

72,030

19,369

Basic net income per share

As reported

5.65

1.58

Pro forma

5.63

1.53

Diluted net income per share

As reported

5.53

1.53

Pro forma

5.50

1.48

Basic Weighted Average Shares

12,807

12,683

Diluted Weighted Average Shares

13,094

13,082

Valuation
 Assumptions 

There were no stock options or other share-based awards granted
 during the year ended December 31, 2006. The grant date
 fair value of stock options for award grants made in 2005 was
 estimated using a binomial lattice model. Prior to 2005 the
 Company used a Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate
 the fair value of option grants at the date of grant. The
 following table indicates the assumptions used, or in the case
 of the binomial lattice model the range of assumptions, in
 estimating the grant date fair value for options granted during
 the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004.

2005 

2004 

(Binomial Lattice) 

(Black-Scholes) 

Risk-free interest rate

4.44 

3.12 

Dividend yield

0 

0 

Expected volatility

10 25 

40 

Weighted average volatility

20 

40 

Expected term (years)

4.0

5.0

Weighted average estimated grant
 date fair value

4.85

5.70

Expected volatility is based on historical volatility for the
 Black-Scholes valuation model. Under the binomial lattice model,
 expected volatility is based on a number of factors, including
 historical volatility, return on equity, price to book value
 ratios and trends impacting the medical professional liability
 insurance industry. The Company

66

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

16. 

Share-Based
 Compensation (continued) 

uses historical data to estimate option exercise and employee
 termination behavior within both valuation models. The expected
 term represents an estimate of the period of time options are
 expected to remain outstanding based on the past exercise
 behavior of employees in relation to the Company s current
 stock price. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield
 of a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury security with a remaining
 term to maturity equal to the contractual term of the option, in
 the case of the binomial lattice model, and over the expected
 term for the Black-Scholes model.

17. 

Earnings
 Per Share 

Basic and diluted earnings per share are calculated in
 accordance with SFAS No. 128, Earnings per
 Share. 

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and
 diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31,
 2006, 2005 and 2004:

2006 

2005 

2004 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Numerator for basic and diluted
 income per common share: 

Net income

43,187

72,366

20,030

Denominator: 

Denominator for basic income per
 common share weighted average shares outstanding

12,015

12,807

12,683

Effect of dilutive stock options
 and awards

259

287

399

Denominator for diluted income per
 common share adjusted weighted average shares
 outstanding

12,274

13,094

13,082

Income per common
 share: 

Net income Basic

3.59

5.65

1.58

Diluted

3.52

5.53

1.53

18. 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 

The Company participates in various guaranty associations in the
 states in which it writes business, which protect policyholders
 and claimants against losses due to insolvency of insurers. When
 an insolvency occurs, the associations are authorized to assess
 member companies up to the amount of the shortfall of funds,
 including expenses. Member companies are assessed based on the
 type and amount of insurance written during the previous
 calendar years. The Company accrues for its portion of
 assessments in accordance with American Institute of Certified
 Public Accountants Statement of Position
 97-3, 
 Accounting by Insurance and Other Enterprises for
 Insurance-Related Assessments. Assessments to date are not
 significant; however, the ultimate liability for future
 assessments is not known. Accordingly, the Company is unable to
 predict whether such future assessments will materially affect
 the financial condition or results of operations of the Company.
 At December 31, 2006 and 2005, the Company had a recorded
 liability of 100,000 for amounts assessed by state guarantee
 associations, as well as the Company s estimate of its
 share of any insolvencies not yet assessed.

APCapital has issued guarantees in connection with the formation
 of non-consolidated subsidiary trusts that were formed during
 2003 for the purpose of issuing mandatorily redeemable TPS. In
 accordance with the structure and nature of the transactions,
 APCapital has guaranteed that amounts paid to the trusts,
 related to the debentures issued by APCapital that the trusts
 hold, will be distributed to the holders of the TPS. The amounts
 payable to the holders of the TPS are recorded as liabilities on
 the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 8
 for further information on the trusts, the TPS, and the
 debentures issued by APCapital.

67

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

18. 

Commitments
 and Contingencies (continued) 

The Company is obligated under operating leases, which have
 various expiration dates through October 2013. Minimum future
 lease payments are as follows: 2007 948,000;
 2008 844,000; 2009 840,000;
 2010 862,000 and 2011 and thereafter 
 2,206,000. Rental expense was 546,000 in 2006, 710,000 in
 2005, and 1,321,000 in 2004.

The Company was not subject to any litigation at
 December 31, 2006 other than routine litigation in the
 ordinary course of the Company s business. Management does
 not expect these cases to have a material adverse effect on the
 Company s financial condition or results of operations.

19. 

GAAP and
 Statutory Reporting 

American Physicians, APSpecialty and ICA, insurance companies
 each domiciled in the State of Michigan, are included in the
 accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance
 with GAAP. These entities are subject to regulation by the State
 of Michigan Office of Financial and Insurance Services and file
 financial statements using statutory accounting practices
 prescribed or permitted by the state insurance regulators.
 Prescribed statutory accounting practices include a variety of
 publications of the National Association of Insurance
 Commissioners NAIC ), as well as state laws,
 regulations and general administrative rules. Permitted
 statutory accounting practices encompass all accounting
 practices not so prescribed. Such practices vary in certain
 respects from GAAP. The principal variances are as follows:

Deferred policy acquisition costs are charged against operations
 as incurred for statutory accounting purposes.

Assets designated as nonadmitted assets are charged
 directly to surplus for statutory accounting purposes.

Bonds and U.S. government securities are generally carried
 at amortized cost for statutory accounting purposes.

Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses and unearned premiums
 are reported net of the impact of reinsurance for statutory
 accounting purposes.

Deferred federal income taxes applicable to operations are
 recorded in income for GAAP, whereas deferred federal income
 taxes are recorded in surplus for statutory accounting purposes.

A valuation allowance is required under GAAP when it is
 determined that gross deferred tax assets cannot be realized, in
 whole or in part. For statutory accounting purposes, the
 valuation allowance is replaced with a more objective admitted
 asset test, which is intended to serve the same purpose as the
 GAAP valuation allowance. This more quantitative approach under
 statutory accounting can sometimes result in differing amounts
 of deferred tax assets being carried for GAAP and statutory
 accounting purposes.

The reserve associated with DD&R coverage benefits is
 included as a component of unpaid loss and loss adjustment
 expense reserves for GAAP. Any change in the estimate of the
 liability associated with such coverage is charged or credited
 to the incurred loss and loss adjustment expenses in the
 GAAP Statement of Income. Statutory accounting principles
 require that the reserve for DD&R benefits be included as a
 component of unearned premium reserves, with any change in the
 estimated reserve treated as an adjustment to earned premium in
 the period of change.

The following is statutory surplus at December 31, 2006,
 2005, and 2004 and statutory net income for the years then ended.

68

Table of Contents 

AMERICAN
 PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

19. 

GAAP and
 Statutory Reporting (continued) 

2006 

2005 

2004 

(In thousands) 

Statutory surplus, December 31

248,929

240,135

210,874

Statutory net income for the year
 ended December 31

54,470

48,953

19,216

The amount of dividends that the Company s insurance
 subsidiaries can pay to APCapital in any
 12-month 
 period is limited to the greater of statutory net income for the
 preceding year, excluding net realized gains (losses) on the
 sale of investments, or 10 of statutory surplus as of the
 preceding year end on an individual company basis. Accordingly,
 49.2 million of dividends can be paid in 2007 without
 prior regulatory approval. However, as dividends totaling
 43.0 million were paid in 2006, only 6.2 million of
 dividends could be paid as of January 1, 2007, without
 regulatory approval. The remaining 43.0 million of
 dividends that can be paid in 2007 is subject to limitation
 based on the timing and amount of the dividends that were paid
 in the preceding 12 months.

20. 

Quarterly
 Financial Data (Unaudited) 

The unaudited operating results by quarter for 2006 and 2005 are
 summarized below:

Net Income 

Income 

Per Common 

Total 

Before Taxes and 

Net 

Share Assuming 

Revenues 

Minority Interest 

Income 

Dilution 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

2006

1st Quarter

49,035

13,172

8,863

0.70

2nd Quarter

50,475

15,617

10,712

0.86

3rd Quarter

49,408

16,187

11,025

0.91

4th Quarter

50,364

18,027

12,587

1.06

199,282

63,003

43,187

2005

1st Quarter

54,703

7,591

7,332

0.55

2nd Quarter(a)

51,843

9,767

47,782

3.63

3rd Quarter

50,717

10,561

6,825

0.53

4th Quarter

55,603

16,948

10,427

0.81

212,866

44,867

72,366

(a) 

Net income in the second quarter of 2005 includes a
 41.6 million federal income tax benefit related to the
 reversal of a deferred tax valuation allowance. 

69

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Shareholders

American Physicians Capital, Inc.

East Lansing, Michigan

The audit referred to in our report dated March 13, 2007
 relating to the consolidated financial statements of American
 Physicians Capital, Inc. and Subsidiaries, which is contained in
 Item 8 of this
 Form 10-K 
 included the audit of the financial statement schedules listed
 in the accompanying index. These financial statement schedules
 are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our
 responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
 statement schedules based upon our audit.

In our opinion such financial statement schedules present
 fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth
 therein.

/s/ BDO
 SEIDMAN, LLP 

BDO
 Seidman, LLP

Grand Rapids, Michigan

March 13, 2007

70

Table of Contents 

SCHEDULE II 
 SUPPLEMENTARY INSURANCE INFORMATION 
 AMERICAN PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. (PARENT COMPANY) 

CONDENSED
 BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, 2006 and 2005 

December 31, 

2006 

2005 

(In thousands) 

ASSETS 

Investments in subsidiaries

279,099

280,823

Equity securities

928

928

Cash and cash equivalents

17,497

5,337

Deferred federal income taxes

197

1,787

Federal income taxes recoverable
 from affiliates

4,316

3,247

Other assets

247

855

Total assets 

302,284

292,977

LIABILITIES 

Long-term debt

30,928

30,928

Accrued expenses and other
 liabilities

2,546

837

Total liabilities 

33,474

31,765

Shareholders 
 Equity 

Common stock, no par value,
 50,000,000 shares authorized, 12,500,126 and
 11,556,575 shares outstanding at December 31, 2006 and
 2005, respectively Additional paid-in capital

41,106

74,360

Retained earnings

222,935

179,748

Accumulated other comprehensive
 income, net of deferred federal income taxes

4,769

7,104

Total shareholders equity

268,810

261,212

Total liabilities and
 shareholders equity 

302,284

292,977

These condensed financial statements should be read in
 conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial
 statements and notes thereto of American Physicians Capital,
 Inc. and Subsidiaries.

71

Table of Contents 

SCHEDULE II 
 SUPPLEMENTARY INSURANCE INFORMATION 
 AMERICAN PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. (PARENT COMPANY) 

CONDENSED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

Year Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

(In thousands) 

Revenues 

Investment income

637

107

36

Net realized losses

(212

Other income

1,600

Total revenues

2,025

107

36

Expenses 

Interest expense

2,986

2,455

1,896

Amortization expense

313

312

General and administrative expenses

1,310

2,561

3,732

Total expenses

4,296

5,329

5,940

Loss before income taxes and
 equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries

(2,271

(5,222

(5,904

Federal income tax (benefit)
 expense

(635

2,853

(8,736

(Loss) income before equity in
 undistributed income of subisidiaries

(1,636

(8,075

2,832

Equity in net income of
 subsidiaries

44,823

80,441

17,198

Net income 

43,187

72,366

20,030

These condensed financial statements should be read in
 conjunction with the accompanying consolidated

financial statements and notes thereto of American Physicians
 Capital, Inc. and Subsidiaries.

72

Table of Contents 

SCHEDULE II 
 SUPPLEMENTARY INSURANCE INFORMATION 
 AMERICAN PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. (PARENT COMPANY) 

CONDENSED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

Year Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

(In thousands) 

Cash flows from (for) operating
 activities 

Net income

43,187

72,366

20,030

Adjustments to reconcile net
 income to net cash used in operating activities:

Equity in net income of
 subsidiaries

(44,823

(80,441

(17,198

Dividends from subsidiaries

43,000

17,300

Amortization

291

288

Net realized losses

212

Stock based compensation

571

371

403

Excess tax benefits from
 share-based awards

(2,137

(1,095

(1,775

Deferred federal income taxes

1,545

(122

Changes in:

Federal or intercompany income
 taxes recoverable/payable

1,068

7,588

(9,740

Accrued expenses and other
 liabilities

1,303

(1,673

1,402

Other assets

608

764

112

Net cash from (for) operating
 activities 

44,534

15,349

(6,478

Cash flows from (for) investing
 activities 

Liquidation of APIndemnity

999

Net contributions to subsidiaries

(20,200

Net cash from (for) investing
 activities 

999

(20,200

Cash flows (for) from financing
 activities 

Common stock repurchased

(34,762

(17,057

Excess tax benefits of share-based
 awards

2,137

1,095

1,775

Stock options exercised

560

1,719

1,334

Taxes paid in connection with net
 option exercise

(1,714

Other

406

27

Net cash (for) from financing
 activities 

(33,373

(14,243

3,136

Net increase (decrease) in cash
 and cash equivalents 

12,160

1,106

(23,542

Cash and cash equivalents,
 beginning of year

5,337

4,231

27,773

Cash and cash equivalents, end of
 year

17,497

5,337

4,231

These condensed financial statements should be read in
 conjunction with the accompanying consolidated

financial statements and notes thereto of American Physicians
 Capital, Inc. and Subsidiaries.

73

Table of Contents 

SCHEDULE II 
 SUPPLEMENTARY INSURANCE INFORMATION 
 AMERICAN PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC. (PARENT COMPANY) 

NOTES TO
 CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT 
 Year Ended December 31, 2005 

(1) Description
 of Business 

American Physicians Capital, Inc. (APCapital) is an insurance
 holding company incorporated under Michigan law on July 6,
 2000.

APCapital owns all of the issued and outstanding common stock of
 the following entities either directly or indirectly through one
 of the entities listed below:

American Physicians Assurance Corporation a stock
 insurance company incorporated under Michigan law (American
 Physicians).

Insurance Corporation of America a stock insurance
 company incorporated under Michigan law (ICA).

APSpecialty Insurance Corporation a stock insurance
 company incorporated under Michigan law (APSpecialty).

Alpha Advisors, Inc. an Illinois corporation that
 provides investment management services.

American Physicians Capital Statutory Trust I a
 trust formed in Connecticut for the purpose of issuing
 mandatorily redeemable trust preferred securities to
 institutional investors (Note 8).

APCapital Trust II a trust formed in Delaware
 for the purpose of issuing mandatorily redeemable trust
 preferred securities to institutional investors (Note 8).

Effective January 24, 2005, APCapital s wholly-owned
 subsidiaries, APConsulting LLC and APDirectSales, LLC, were
 dissolved. APManagement Ltd and APIndemnity (Bermuda) Ltd. were
 liquidated effective February 28, 2006 and May 10,
 2006, respectively.

(2) Long
 Term Debt 

APCapital has issued 30.9 million of floating rate junior
 subordinated deferrable interest debentures
 Debentures to subsidiary trusts. The trusts have
 issued mandatorily redeemable trust preferred securities that
 have terms that are essentially the same as the Debentures
 issued by APCapital, which are the only assets of the trusts.
 See Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements for a description of the Debentures and the
 transactions in which they were issued.

(3) Federal
 Income Taxes 

The Company files a consolidated federal income tax return with
 the following entities:

American Physicians

ICA

APSpecialty

Alpha Advisors, Inc.

Allocation of taxes among the entities is subject to a written
 agreement, and is based upon separate return calculations, with
 current credit for net losses to the extent they can be used in
 the current year consolidated tax return.

(4) Dividends
 Received 

During 2006, American Physicians paid the following dividends to
 APCapital: 13 million in March 2006, 13 million in
 May 2006, 6 million in June 2006 and 11 million in
 December 2006.

In June 2005 and December 2005, American Physicians paid
 dividends to APCapital of 6.0 million and
 11.3 million, respectively.

74

Table of Contents 

(5) Stock
 Split 

Effective November 1, 2006, the Company issued a
 three-for-two 
 stock split of its common shares to shareholders of record as of
 the close of business on October 11, 2006. All share and
 per-share data, as well as share-based award information
 included in these Consolidated Financial Statement and Notes
 thereto, has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock
 split.

(6) Share
 Repurchases 

The Board of Directors of the Company has authorized the Company
 to purchase shares of its outstanding common stock under two
 separate plans, the discretionary plan and a
 Rule 10b5-1 
 plan. For additional information on share repurchases, see
 Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

75

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 

Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
 Financial Disclosure 

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls
 and Procedures 

Evaluation
 of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that
 are designed to ensure material information required to be
 disclosed in the Company s reports that it files or submits
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded,
 processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
 specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such
 information is accumulated and communicated to the
 Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer
 and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely
 decisions regarding required financial disclosure. In designing
 and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, the
 Company recognized that a control system, no matter how well
 designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not
 absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system
 are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control
 systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
 assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if
 any, within a company have been detected.

As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company
 carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the
 participation of the Company s Disclosure Committee and
 management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
 Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and
 operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to
 Exchange Act
 Rule 13a-15(b). 
 Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the
 Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls
 and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level
 as of December 31, 2006.

Management s
 Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
 adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term
 is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f). The
 Company s internal control over financial reporting is a
 process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles.

Under the supervision and with the participation of the
 Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
 Officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
 of the Company s internal control over financial reporting
 based on the framework in Internal Control 
 Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this
 evaluation, management concluded that the Company s
 internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
 December 31, 2006 under the framework in Internal
 Control Integrated Framework. Management s
 assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal
 control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006
 has been audited by BDO Seidman, LLP, an independent registered
 public accounting firm, as stated in its attestation report on
 management s assessment that appears below.

76

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Shareholders

American Physicians Capital, Inc.

East Lansing, Michigan

We have audited management s assessment, included in the
 accompanying (Item 9A., Management s Report on
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting,) that American
 Physicians Capital, Inc. (the Company maintained
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of
 December 31, 2006, based on the criteria established in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission (the COSO criteria). The Company s management is
 responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
 financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness
 of internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility
 is to express an opinion on management s assessment and an
 opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
 control over financial reporting based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
 over financial reporting was maintained in all material
 respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
 internal control over financial reporting, evaluating
 management s assessment, testing and evaluating the design
 and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing
 such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
 circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
 basis for our opinion.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a
 process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
 internal control over financial reporting includes those
 policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
 reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
 company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
 are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
 statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
 are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
 management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
 unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
 company s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
 financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
 Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
 periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
 inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
 of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, management s assessment that American
 Physicians Capital, Inc. maintained effective internal control
 over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006, is fairly
 stated, in all material respects, based on the COSO criteria.
 Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material
 respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as
 of December 31, 2006, based on the COSO criteria.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
 consolidated balance sheets of American Physicians Capital, Inc.
 and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2006 and 2005 and the
 related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income,
 shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two
 years in the period ended December 31, 2006 and our report
 dated March 13, 2007 expressed an unqualified opinion
 threon.

/s/ BDO
 SEIDMAN, LLP 

BDO
 Seidman, LLP

Grand Rapids, Michigan

March 13, 2007

77

Table of Contents 

Changes
 in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in the Company s internal
 control over financial reporting during the most recently
 completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
 internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. 

Other
 Information 

None.

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance of the
 Registrant 

The required information will be contained in the Proxy
 Statement under the captions Election of Directors 
 and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
 Compliance and (excluding the Report of the Audit
 Committee) is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 11. 

Executive
 Compensation 

The required information will be contained in the Proxy
 Statement under the caption Compensation of Executive
 Officers and Election of Directors 
 Director Compensation and is incorporated herein by
 reference.

Item 12. 

Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
 Related Stockholder Matters 

The required information will be contained in the Proxy
 Statement under the caption Common Stock Ownership of
 Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and is
 incorporated herein by reference. In addition, the information
 contained in the Equity Compensation Plan table under
 Item 5 of this Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 13. 

Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
 Independence 

The required information will be contained in the Proxy
 Statement under the captions Certain Relationships and
 Transactions and Elections of Directors 
 Meetings and Committees of the Board and is incorporated
 herein by reference.

Item 14. 

Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 

The required information will be contained in the Proxy
 Statement under the caption Independent Auditors and
 is incorporated herein by reference.

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits and
 Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1) and (2)

Financial
 Statements: 

Reports of independent registered public accounting firms

Consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2006 and 2005

Consolidated statements of income for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

Consolidated statements of shareholders equity and
 comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2006,
 2005 and 2004

78

Table of Contents 

Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

Notes to consolidated financial statements

Financial
 Statement Schedules: 

II. Condensed financial information of registrant

All other schedules for which provision is made in
 Regulation S-X 
 either (i) are not required under the related instructions
 or are inapplicable and, therefore, have been omitted, or
 (ii) the information required is included in the
 Consolidated Financial Statements or the Notes thereto that are
 a part hereof.

(a)(3) The exhibits included as part of this report are listed
 in the attached Exhibit Index, which is incorporated herein
 by reference.

79

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused
 this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized, on March 13, 2007.

American Physicians
 Capital, Inc.

By: 

/s/ R.
 Kevin Clinton

R. Kevin Clinton

Its: President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on
 March 13, 2007 on behalf of the registrant and in the
 capacities indicated.

Signature 

Title 

/s/ R.
 Kevin Clinton 

R.
 Kevin Clinton

President, Chief Executive Officer
 and Director 
 (principal executive officer)

/s/ Frank
 H. Freund 

Frank
 H. Freund

Executive Vice President,
 Treasurer, 
 Chief Financial Officer (principal financial 
 and principal accounting officer)

/s/ Thomas
 R.
 Berglund, M.D. 

Thomas
 R. Berglund, M.D.

Director and Chairman of the Board

/s/ Billy
 B.
 Baumann, M.D. 

Billy
 B. Baumann, M.D.

Director

/s/ Daniel
 L. Gorman 

Daniel
 L. Gorman

Director

/s/ AppaRao
 Mukkamala, M.D. 

AppaRao
 Mukkamala, M.D.

Director

/s/ D.
 Joseph
 Olson, J.D. 

D.
 Joseph Olson, J.D.

Director

/s/ Spencer
 L.
 Schneider, J.D. 

Spencer
 L. Schneider, J.D.

Director

/s/ Joseph
 Stilwell 

Joseph
 Stilwell

Director

/s/ Larry
 W. Thomas 

Larry
 W. Thomas

Director

80

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

The following documents are filed as part of this report. Those
 exhibits previously filed and incorporated herein by reference
 are identified below. Exhibits not required for this report have
 been omitted. APCapital s commission file number is
 000-32057. 

Exhibit 

Number 

Description 

2.1

Plan of Conversion, dated
 June 28, 2000, as amended September 22, 2000(2)

3.1

Articles of Incorporation(2)

3.2

Amended and Restated Bylaws, as
 amended January 26, 2005(10)

4.1

Indenture relating to Floating
 Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures Dated as
 of May 15, 2003(6)

4.2

Indenture relating to Floating
 Rate Junior Subordinated Debt Securities Dated as of
 May 22, 2003(6)

10.1

American Physicians Capital, Inc.
 Stock Compensation Plan(3)

10.5

American Physicians/SCW Sales
 Agency Agreement (Medical Professional Liability 
 Michigan Only), dated January 1, 2000(2)

10.6

KMIC Insurance Company Agency
 Agreement, dated October 13, 1998(2)

10.12

MSMS/American Physicians Marketing
 Support Agreement, effective January 1, 2000, and American
 Physicians(2)

10.18

Form of Stock Option Agreement
 with Directors, dated December 5, 2000(4)

10.19

Form of Stock Option Agreement
 with Executives, dated December 5, 2000(4)

10.20

Form of Restricted Stock Award
 with Directors, dated December 5, 2000(4)

10.21

Form of Restricted Stock Award
 with Executives, dated December 5, 2000(4)

10.26

Amended And Restated Declaration
 Of Trust Dated As Of May 15, 2003 by and among
 U.S. Bank National Association, American Physicians
 Capital, Inc., William B. Cheeseman and Frank H. Freund(5)

10.27

Amended And Restated Declaration
 Of Trust Dated As Of May 22, 2003 of APCapital
 Trust II(6)

10.28

Placement Agreement, dated
 April 25, 2003 between the Company, American Physicians
 Capital Statutory Trust I, FTN Financial Capital Markets
 and Keefe Bruyette & Woods, Inc.(6)

10.29

Placement Agreement, Dated As Of
 May 13, 2003, with Sandler O Neill & Partners
 L.P.(6)

10.30

Guarantee Agreement Dated As Of
 May 15, 2003 by and between U.S. Bank National
 Association and American Physicians Capital, Inc.(6)

10.31

Guarantee Agreement Dated As Of
 May 22, 2003 by and between Wilmington Trust Company and
 American Physicians Capital, Inc.(6)

10.35

Master Agency Agreement between
 American Physicians Assurance Corporation and SCW Agency Group,
 Inc., effective January 1, 2004(7)

10.37

Standstill Agreement, dated
 April 7, 2004 between the company and Daniel L. Gorman(8)

10.41

Standstill Agreement, dated
 November 10, 2004, between the Company, Stilwell Value
 Partners, L.P. and various affiliated entities and individuals(9)

10.42

Form of Executive Employment
 Agreement dated February 23, 2005, by and between American
 Physicians Assurance Corporation and each of R. Kevin Clinton,
 Frank H. Freund and Annette E. Flood(11)

10.45

Amendment No. 1, dated
 May 9, 2005, to the Standstill Agreement, dated
 April 7, 2004, between the Company and Daniel L. Gorman(13)

10.46

Summary of Incentive Compensation
 Plan as of March 2006(14)

10.47

Amendment No. 1 to American
 Physicians Capital, Inc. Stock Compensation Plan(1)

21.1

Subsidiaries of APCapital(7)

81

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 

Number 

Description 

23.1

Consent of BDO Seidman, LLP(1)

23.2

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers
 LLP(1)

31.1

Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer pursuant to
 Rule 13a-14(a) 
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.(1)

31.2

Certification of Chief Financial
 Officer pursuant to
 Rule 13a-14(a) 
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.(1)

32.1

Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 Section 1350 and
 Rule 13a-14(b) 
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.(1)

99.1

Stock Pledge Agreement, dated as
 of December 31, 2004 between Daniel R. O Neal and
 American Physicians Assurance Corporation(12)

99.2

Promissory Note from Daniel R.
 O Neal to American Physicians Assurance Corporation, dated
 December 31, 2004 (12)

Current management contracts or compensatory plans or
 arrangements. 

Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to
 APCapital s request to the Secretary of the Securities and
 Exchange Commission for confidential treatment pursuant to
 Rule 24b-2 
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(1) 

Filed herewith. 

(2) 

Filed as an exhibit to APCapital s Registration Statement
 on
 Form S-1 
 (no. 333-41136), 
 as amended, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(3) 

Filed as an exhibit to APCapital s Registration Statement
 on
 Form S-8 
 (no. 333-56428) 
 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(4) 

Filed as an exhibit to APCapital s 2000 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(5) 

Filed as an exhibit to APCapital s 2002 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(6) 

Filed as an exhibit to APCapital s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q, 
 as amended, for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2003
 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(7) 

Filed as an exhibit to APCapital s 2003 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 as amended, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(8) 

Filed as an exhibit to APCapital s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 dated April 7, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(9) 

Filed as an exhibit to APCapital s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 dated November 15, 2004 and incorporated herein by
 reference. 

(10) 

Filed as an exhibit to APCapital s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 dated January 31, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(11) 

Filed as an exhibit to APCapital s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 dated February 28, 2005 and incorporated herein by
 reference. 

(12) 

Filed as an exhibit to APCapital s 2004 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 as amended, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(13) 

Filed as an exhibit to APCapital s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 dated May 9, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(14) 

Filed as an exhibit to APCapital s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 dated March 15, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference. 

82

<EX-10.47>
 2
 k13087exv10w47.txt
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO STOCK COMPENSATION PLAN

EXHIBIT 10.47

 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO

 AMERICAN PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC.

 STOCK COMPENSATION PLAN

 This Amendment No. 1 to the American Physicians Capital, Inc. Stock
Compensation Plan (the "Plan") is made this 29th day of November, 2006 pursuant
to Section 7.07(B) of the Plan following approval by the Board of Directors of
American Physicians Capital, Inc. This Amendment No. 1 shall be effective as of
the date hereof.

 1. Section 1.06 is amended by adding the following sentence at the end of
 such section:

 Shares which are tendered or withheld and canceled in connection with
 the payment of the purchase price and tax withholding obligation upon
 exercise of an Option pursuant to Section 2.04 shall in no event be
 available for future grants and awards under the Plan.

 2. Section 2.04 is amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

 2.04 PAYMENT FOR OPTION SHARES. The purchase price for shares of
 Common Stock to be acquired upon exercise of an Option granted
 hereunder shall be paid in full (a) in cash or by personal check, bank
 draft or money order at the time of exercise, (b) if permitted by the
 Committee, by tendering shares of Common Stock that have been held at
 least six months, which are freely owned and held by the Participant
 independent of any restrictions, hypothecations or other encumbrances,
 duly endorsed for transfer (or with duly executed stock powers
 attached), and which have a Fair Market Value on such date equal to
 the purchase price of the shares to be acquired upon such exercise,
 (c) at the discretion of the Committee, as set forth in a
 Participant's Option Agreement, by delivery to the Company of a
 properly executed exercise notice, acceptable to the Company, together
 with irrevocable instructions to the Participant's broker to deliver
 to the Company sufficient cash to pay the exercise price and any
 applicable income and employment withholding taxes, in accordance with
 a written agreement between the Company and the brokerage firm, (d) by
 delivery to the Company of a properly executed exercise notice,
 acceptable to the Company, together with irrevocable instructions to
 the Company to withhold and cancel shares of Common Stock that would
 otherwise have been delivered upon such exercise having a Fair Market
 Value on such date equal to the purchase price of the total number of
 shares that would otherwise have been acquired upon such exercise if
 the purchase price had been paid in cash, or (e) in any combination of
 the above.

 3. Section 7.06 is amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

 7.06 WITHHOLDING AND TAXES. The Company shall have the right to
 withhold from a Participant's compensation or require a Participant to
 remit sufficient funds to satisfy applicable withholding for income
 and employment taxes upon the exercise of an Option, or the lapse of
 the Restriction Period on a Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock
 Unit or satisfaction of the performance requirements relating to a
 Performance Award. A Participant may use any method by which the
 Participant is permitted to pay the exercise price of the Option to
 satisfy the withholding requirements related to the exercise of such
 Option.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, American Physicians Capital, Inc. has caused this
Amendment No. 1 to be executed as of the day and year first above written.

AMERICAN PHYSICIANS CAPITAL, INC.

/s/ R. Kevin Clinton
- -------------------------------------
R. Kevin Clinton
President and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-10.47>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 k13087exv23w1.htm
 CONSENT OF BDO SEIDMAN, LLP

exv23w1 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

American Physicians Capital, Inc. 
East Lansing, Michigan

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No.
333-56428 and 333-75720) of our report dated March 13, 2007, relating to the consolidated financial
statements, the effectiveness of American Physicians Capital Inc. s internal control over financial
reporting, and schedules of American Physicians Capital Inc. appearing in the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006.

/s/ BDO Seidman, LLP

BDO Seidman, LLP 
Grand Rapids, Michigan

March 13, 2007

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 k13087exv23w2.htm
 CONSENT OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP

exv23w2 

Exhibit 23.2

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Nos.
333-56428 and 333-75720) of American Physicians Capital, Inc. of our report dated March 16, 2005
relating to the December 31, 2004 financial statements which appears in the December 31, 2006 Form
10-K.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
Chicago, Illinois 
March 13, 2007

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 k13087exv31w1.txt
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)

Exhibit 31.1

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)

I, R. Kevin Clinton, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of American Physicians
 Capital, Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
 a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
 were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
 information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
 financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
 disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
 us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
 which this report is being prepared;

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
 such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles;

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
 and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
 of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
 the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
 our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
 the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
 of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
 operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
 record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
 employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting.

Date: March 13, 2007

/s/ R. Kevin Clinton
 ----------------------------------------
 R. Kevin Clinton
 President and Chief Executive Officer
 American Physicians Capital, Inc.

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 k13087exv31w2.txt
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)

Exhibit 31.2

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)

I, Frank H. Freund, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of American Physicians
 Capital, Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
 a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
 were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
 information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
 financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
 disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
 us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
 which this report is being prepared;

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
 such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles;

 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
 and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
 of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
 the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
 our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
 the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
 of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
 operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
 record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
 employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting.

Date: March 13, 2007

/s/ Frank H. Freund
 ----------------------------------------
 Frank H. Freund
 Senior Executive Vice President,
 Treasurer, and Chief Financial Officer
 American Physicians Capital, Inc.

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 k13087exv32w1.txt
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350

Exhibit 32.1

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Each of the undersigned hereby certifies in his capacity as an officer of
American Physicians Capital, Inc. (the "Company"), for purposes of 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that:

 (1) The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended
December 31, 2006 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

 (2) The information contained in such Annual Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company.

Date: March 13, 2007

/s/ R. Kevin Clinton
- -------------------------------------
R. Kevin Clinton
President and Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Frank H. Freund
- -------------------------------------
Frank H. Freund
Senior Executive Vice President,
Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.1>

