<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20070515_10-K_edgar_data_918580_0001104659-07-040164.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2430063</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>291166</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>38295</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1931310</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-07-040164.hdr.sgml : 20070515
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20070515170147
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-07-040164
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		12
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20061231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20070515
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20070515

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Gaming Partners International CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000918580
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GAMES, TOYS & CHILDREN'S VEHICLES (NO DOLLS & BICYCLES) [3944]
		IRS NUMBER:				880310433
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23588
		FILM NUMBER:		07854455

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 INDUSTRIAL ROAD
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7023842425

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 INDUSTRIAL ROAD
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PAUL SON GAMING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940203

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 BXxtWzbrl8cq+J0WjR1ow1xmKVANCOvJRit6L5+mGlExH5jPtDIajdgw6i7zkSU+
 aNBqznLa+196Q4CSLyPg/w==

 0001104659-07-040164.txt : 20070515

10-K
 1
 a07-6012_110k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D. C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

 (Mark One) 

x 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended
 December 31, 2006 

o 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the transition period
 from to 

Commission file number 0-23588 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 

 (Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

NEVADA 

88-0310433 

(State of
 incorporation) 

(I.R.S. Employer
 Identification No.) 

1700 South Industrial
Road, Las Vegas, Nevada 89102 

 (Address of principal
executive offices) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (702)
384-2425 

 Registrant s
website: www.gpigaming.com 

 Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

 Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock 

 Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of
the Securities Act. o Yes 
 x No 

 Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15
(d) of the Act. o Yes 
 x No 

 Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. x Yes o No 

 Indicate by check mark if
disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to
this Form 10-K. o 

 Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a
non-accelerated filer. See definition of accelerated filer and large
accelerated filer in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check one):
Large accelerated Filer o Accelerated Filer o Non-accelerated filer x 

 Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
of the Act). o Yes x No 

 The aggregate market value
of voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30,
2006, based on the closing price as reported on the NASDAQ National Market of
 24.40 per share: 71,015,736. 

 The number of shares
outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of May 1,
2007 was 8,103,401 shares of Common Stock. 

 Documents Incorporated by
Reference: 

 None 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

1 

Item 1. 

Business 

1 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

15 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved
 Staff Comments 

18 

Item 2. 

Properties 

18 

Item 3. 

Legal
 Proceedings 

19 

Item 4. 

Submission
 of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

19 

PART II 

20 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s
 Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters, 
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

20 

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data 

22 

Item 7. 

Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

24 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

38 

Item 8. 

Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 

39 

Reports
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

41 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 

43 

Consolidated
 Statements of Income 

44 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity and Other Comprehensive Income 

45 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 

46 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 

47 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
 Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

72 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

72 

Item
 9B. 

Other
 Information 

73 

PART III 

73 

Item 10. 

Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

73 

Item 11. 

Executive
 Compensation 

78 

Item 12. 

Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
 Matters 

82 

Item 13. 

Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions 

84 

Item 14. 

Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 

85 

PART IV 

86 

Item 15. 

Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 

86 

PART I 

 Item 1. Business. 

 The following Business section contains
forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual
results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of certain factors. See Item 1A, Risk Factors . 

 Company Overview 

 Effective September 1, 2004, Paul-Son Gaming
Corporation, a Nevada corporation, completed its name change to Gaming Partners
International Corporation GPIC ). GPIC and each of its subsidiaries are sometimes
collectively referred to herein as the Company, us, we or our. The name
change was approved by a vote of stockholders at the Company s annual meeting
held on May 26, 2004. The Company s established brand names such as
Paulson , Bourgogne et Grasset ,
or B G, Bud Jones , and T-K ,
remain unchanged. GPIC s subsidiary, Paul-Son Gaming Supplies, Inc.,
changed its name to Gaming Partners International USA, Inc. GPI USA ). GPIC s
subsidiary, Etablissements Bourgogne et Grasset S.A., changed its name to
Gaming Partners International SAS GPI SAS ). GPI USA s subsidiary, Paul-Son
Mexicana, S.A. de C.V., changed its name, effective as of January 22,
2005, to GPI Mexicana S.A. de C.V. GPI Mexicana ). 

 On September 12, 2002, the businesses of GPIC,
GPI SAS and GPI SAS then wholly-owned subsidiary, The Bud Jones Company, Inc. Bud Jones were combined, with GPI SAS and Bud Jones becoming wholly-owned
subsidiaries of GPIC, or the Combination. The Combination was accounted for as
a purchase transaction for financial accounting purposes. Because the former
GPI SAS stockholders owned a majority of the outstanding GPIC common stock as a
result of the Combination, the Combination was accounted for as a reverse
acquisition in which GPI SAS was the purchaser of GPIC. On December 31,
2002, Bud Jones merged into GPI USA, which was a wholly-owned subsidiary of
GPIC, and GPI USA was the surviving entity. Bud Jones was a gaming supply
manufacturing company, which was also headquartered in Las Vegas. Both former operations
(GPI USA and Bud Jones) were consolidated into one facility at the Company s
headquarters in Las Vegas, Nevada with the new name of GPI USA. (See Part II Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements Note 1.) 

 GPI USA, formerly Paul-Son Gaming Supplies, Inc.,
was founded in 1963 by our former Chairman, Paul S. Endy, Jr., and
initially manufactured and sold dice to casinos in Las Vegas. The former Bud
Jones Company was founded in 1965 by Bud Jones and this entity eventually
merged into GPI USA. GPI SAS, formerly Bourgogne et Grasset, was formed by Mr. Bourgogne
and Mr. Grasset in 1923 and became operational in 1925 in Beaune, France. 

 We believe we are one of the leading manufacturers and
suppliers of casino table game equipment in the world. Our business activities
include the manufacture and/or supply of gaming chips, table layouts, playing
cards, dice, gaming furniture, roulette wheels and miscellaneous table
accessories such as chip trays, drop boxes and dealing shoes, which are used in
conjunction with casino table games such as blackjack, poker, baccarat, craps
and roulette. 

 We are headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada with
manufacturing facilities located in Las Vegas, Nevada; San Luis Rio Colorado, Mexico;
and Beaune, France. Our sales offices are in Las Vegas, Nevada; Atlantic City,
New Jersey; and Gulfport, Mississippi for the United States, and Beaune, France
for the remainder of the world. Through our GPI USA subsidiary, we sell our
casino products manufactured in North America to licensed casinos primarily
throughout the United States and Canada. Through our GPI SAS subsidiary, we
sell our European-manufactured casino products and some North American products
to licensed casinos internationally primarily in countries other than the
United States. Our revenues are derived primarily from the sale of casino table
game products to casinos throughout the world. Most of our 

products are sold directly
to end-users. In some regions of the world, however, we sell through
distributors. We also sell our non-casino poker chips to a wholesaler in the
United States. 

 We manufacture products to
meet particular customer and industry specifications, which may include a wide
range of shapes and sizes, varied color schemes and other graphics, and
numerous security and anti-counterfeit features. The useful lives of our
products typically range from several hours in the case of playing cards and
dice, to several months in the case of layouts, and several years in the case
of casino chips and gaming furniture. As such, our primary business is the
ongoing replacement sale of these products and providing initial products to
new casinos. When a new casino opens, we strive to supply most of the products
required to operate the casino s table games. When successful, revenues are
generated both from the initial sale to the new casino and on a continuing
basis as the new casino becomes part of our primary customer base. 

 Product Segments 

 We operate in one
operating segment casino game equipment products in multi-geographic areas. (See
Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements Note 14.) 

 Products 

 Gaming Chips 

 We design and manufacture gaming chips, including
casino chips, plaques and jetons (the European equivalent of casino chips) to
meet a variety of customer preferences and specifications, including size,
weight, ability to stack, ease of handling, texture, color, graphics,
durability, security and anti-counterfeit features. Because casino chips,
jetons and plaques, like real currency, are subject to counterfeiting, we
incorporate a variety of custom security and anti-counterfeit features into
each chip. Our most sophisticated anti-counterfeiting feature is a radio
frequency identification device, or RFID, which is a microchip that can be
embedded in our gaming chips making them extremely counterfeit resistant. 

 A casino will generally order all of its gaming chips,
including replacement chips after wear and usage, from a single supplier. Accordingly,
we strive to become the original chip supplier to a casino upon its opening. A
new casino order will typically include at least five to seven distinct chip
denominations, colors and styles, ranging in denominations from 0.50 to in
excess of 1 million. Our selling price is variable, based on the
customization, quantities, design and security features, with a price range
generally between 0.75 and 2.50 per chip in the United States. A typical
Paulson brand clay chip with a microchip will sell for approximately 1.90 or
 2.50 per chip depending on the RFID frequency. Given this relatively low price
and a gaming chip s expected lifespan of several years, we believe that
competition is generally based upon factors other than price. In 2006, we sold
and manufactured approximately 25 million gaming chips, including casino
gaming chips, plaques and jetons. 

 Gaming chips can be
divided into three basic families: (a) European-style jetons and plaques; (b) American-style
casino chips; and (c) commemorative chips. Jetons, plaques and all casino
chips can also be manufactured with an embedded RFID microchip. Casino chips
accounted for approximately 72 of total sales in 2006. 

 European-style
Jetons and Plaques 

 Jetons and plaques are
European-style casino chips. Our jetons and plaques are manufactured by GPI SAS
at our facility in France. Jetons are circular with standard diameters in 13
different sizes, ranging from 32 mm to 60 mm. Plaques are rectangular, square
or oval with standard sizes ranging from 30 mm x 30 mm to 151 mm
x 105 mm. Jetons and plaques are used mainly for traditional European
games and also 

2 

extensively
in Asian countries. Jetons and plaques are made of laminated cellulose acetate
with a very large range of colors, shapes and security and anti-counterfeit
components, such as, UV pigment, number serialization, laser pigment or Laser
Lock , gold lace material and RFID technology. GPI SAS created its original
product line in 1925 and has held a leading position in this market since that
time. Our production capacity in France for European-style jetons and plaques
is approximately 5 to 8 million units on a three shift basis. 

 American-style
Casino Chips 

 Casino chips are
used worldwide for games originating in the United States. Originally, casino
chips in the United States were made of clay and called clay chips. Clay was
replaced many years ago by plastic materials. There are currently three main
technologies used to produce these types of chips: injection molding,
sublimation and compression molding. We produce casino chips using all three of
these methods. GPI USA manufactures our American-style casino chips under our
brand names, Paulson and Bud Jones ,
at our facilities in San Luis Rio Colorado, Mexico and in Las Vegas, Nevada. GPI
SAS also manufactures American-style casino chips in Beaune, France. 

 Injection Molded Chips . Plastic injection
molded chips were created in the late 1960 s under the Bud Jones brand,
manufactured in the United States. Such chips are made with several
injection-molded colors, typically with a central metal piece for the weight
and printed decals. There are several standard diameters and a wide range of
design and color combinations. Various security features are used to make the
chips counterfeit resistant, including UV pigments, laser pigments, holograms
and RFID technology. The Bud Jones brand offers a wide range of such chips,
made of acrylic with very vivid colors and with ground and smooth surface. Since
1990, the B G brand, which is manufactured in France, has developed a full
line of injection molded chips with designs different from the Bud Jones brand and
using a different type of plastic material with less vivid colors but requiring
no grinding and allowing a rougher surface. A particular line of injection
molded gaming chips specifically designed and sold for optical reading
identification are also manufactured by GPI SAS. GPI USA s and GPI SAS lines
of injection-molded chips allow a very good coverage of most casinos 
requirements, which vary greatly around the world. Annual production capacity
for injection molded chips in the United States and France is approximately 15 million,
considering the use of 2-3 shifts. 

 Sublimation Chips . Sublimation chips
are made of one disc of white plastic material (usually injection molded). The
decor of these chips is traditionally transferred from printed paper to the
plastic material by pressing and heating the printed paper onto the plastic
disc. The printed colors sublimate and go from the paper into the plastic
material. In 1996, GPI SAS created a new way of manufacturing this type of
casino chip by using a printing technology called pad printing. This
technology permits simultaneous printing on the face and the edge of the chip. GPI
SAS holds several patents and patent applications for this technology, and
refers to this casino chip as Full Face. Security features for sublimation
chips include UV pigments and laser pigments. Annual production capacity at GPI
SAS is approximately two million chips, considering utilizing three
shifts. 

 Compression Molded Chips . Compression molded casino
chips are manufactured from a proprietary formulation of more than 10 raw
materials using a compression molding process. Printed decals or inlays are
incorporated in the chips during the compression steps. Customized designs,
security and identifying features are incorporated into the chips. GPI USA
holds a leading market share in compression molded chips, which are similar to
the original clay chips of the past. They have a unique feel and easy handling
and are often referred to as clay chips. Compression molded chips are
manufactured under the Paulson brand at its GPI Mexicana facilities in San Luis
Rio Colorado, Mexico. Various security features are used to make the chips more

3 

counterfeit
resistant, including UV pigments, Laser Lock , alpha-dot, customized rim and
RFID technology. Our annual production capacity at our Mexico facilities is
approximately 20 million compression molded chips (based on a single shift
and increased labor availability). We believe that given our current
anticipated production level of compression molded chips per year, there will
be sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet potential increases in future
demand. In 2006, GPI Mexicana produced approximately 11 million
compression molded chips. 

 Commemorative
Gaming Chips 

 Since 1994, GPIC has
marketed gaming chips that commemorate certain types of special events such as
title boxing matches, significant anniversaries and premier entertainment
events. Casino patrons often retain commemorative chips as souvenirs. Casinos
benefit to the extent that gaming chips purchased are not redeemed, thereby
resulting in added cash flow to the casino. 

 Gaming Chips with
RFID Microchips and Reading Equipment 

 Need for RFID 

 Gaming chips are the principal currency of each
casino, and each casino has its own unique gaming chips or currency. A gaming
chip that appears or feels or even sounds slightly different than the others
can warrant review by the casino personnel. There are several possible security
and anti-counterfeit features that can be incorporated into the chip material
itself and/or in the chip appearance. 

 The most sophisticated anti-counterfeiting devices are
the microchips or RFID, which can be embedded in gaming chips without modifying
the appearance or handling characteristics of the chips. These are not only
high quality gaming chips, but they are also reliable carriers of the data
needed by the casinos to efficiently and securely manage their table game
operations. 

 A sophisticated RFID microchip transponder is embedded
in each gaming chip. Read/write devices communicate quickly and accurately with
a large number of these RFID embedded gaming chips without human contact. The
authenticity and denomination of each gaming chip is established, and then the
data is transferred to the casino information systems. 

 The RFID embedded gaming chips can be read with 100 
accuracy, either one at a time or in large quantities, with the same efficiency
whether in stacks, boxes, trays, cabinets or on the tables. This increases the
security of the chip production, transportation and utilization. 

 Traditional jetons,
plaques and casino chips could not easily and precisely be accounted for by the
casinos and the games that call for them, thus the tables could not be managed
by casinos as efficiently as slot machines. Casinos have a need for more
streamlined and automated accounting transactions between the pit and cage operations,
thus the RFID solution. 

 RFID Technology 

 Bourgogne Grasset (now GPI SAS) started
making RFID chips before 1994. Some 10 years ago GPIC and Mikohn Gaming
Corporation, now Progressive Gaming International Corporation, started working
together and selected Philips 125 KHz or low frequency RFID technology as it
was particularly well adapted to the gaming chip security and chip tracking
applications. PGIC developed players tracking applications with this
technology. GPIC acquired the rights to the reader technology from Philips in
2001 and very significantly developed the reading capabilities of this reader.
Ten years ago GPIC readers could read only stacks of 10 chips, now several
hundred chips in stacks of 20 can be read in a matter of a few seconds and new
improvements keep coming. The 125 KHz Philips RFID microchip used by GPIC is
now in its third generation and a fourth generation is planned. 

4 

Over the years RFID chips capabilities went up and
costs came down. The first B G gaming chips with RFID technology that GPIC
sold in 1996, were priced above 6.00, more than 4.50 above the regular price
of standard gaming chips. Today GPIC charges substantially less for an embedded
125 KHz RFID microchip transponder in a Paulson gaming chip, programming and
royalty included. In parallel, the prices of the readers went down while their
capabilities increased. 

 GPIC offers a full line of standard or customized RFID
readers such as cashier s desk, table to authenticator, chip tray reader, chip
bank reader and vault reader. 

 Over the last few years, GPIC has sold several million
RFID chips and hundreds of readers mainly for chip tracking and chip security
to casinos all over the world, including the United States. GPIC holds several
international patents related to the embedding process of an RFID microchip
into a gaming chip, a jeton or a plaque and an exclusive license on two patents
owned by IGT to make and sell in the United States RFID chips and readers
for chip tracking. Our patents and exclusive license apply to all RFID
frequencies. 

 In 2003, PGIC started developing new player systems
and other readers based on the higher frequency 13.56 MHz RFID microchips and
readers developed by an Australian company called Magellan Technology Pty. Ltd Magellan ). PGIC has an exclusive agreement with Magellan for all gaming
applications of these 13.56 MHz RFID microchips and readers. As casinos have
expressed an interest in PGIC s project, we developed efficient ways to embed
this 13.56 MHz RFID tag in all of our well known and widely accepted B G
and Paulson gaming chips including B G jetons and plaques. In January 2006,
PGIC and GPIC signed an agreement by which we have the right to buy the 13.56
MHz RFID tags to make casino chips, exclusive for the United States market and
non-exclusive for the rest of the world. Casinos now have the choice between
the two RFID technologies: 125 KHz from Phillips and 13.56 MHz from Magellan.
Other RFID technologies are being researched. 

 The RFID gaming chips and
readers significantly increase the casino protection against counterfeit gaming
chips. In addition, the RFID gaming chips and readers, with appropriate
software programs, open the door to significant increases in efficiency and
cost savings. Chips can be tracked and accounted for automatically and reliably
everywhere in the casino. With appropriate systems developed and sold by other
companies, players can also be tracked for more objective comping. As a result
of RFID embedded gaming chips, readers and computer systems, the necessary
tools are now available for the casinos to track their gaming chips and players
and to manage their tables as efficiently as their slots. 

 Dice 

 We manufacture our dice at our GPI Mexicana
facilities, from cellulose acetate specifically formulated to provide the
required clarity, hardness and dimensional stability. All dice are sold
directly by GPI USA in North America and the Caribbean Islands. GPI SAS
distributes dice to the other parts of the world. We offer a variety of spot
designs, which are inserted in the body of the dice and machined flat to the
surface. We offer two different finishes and up to two monograms on the dice. A
casino may request the imprinting of its name and logo (in a variety and
combination of colors), the insertion of a hidden security key, a special
reverse spot, the addition of a security glow spot, the use of Laser Lock ,
the serialization of the dice, or all, or a combination of, the above. 

 All of our brands of dice are manufactured with a high
degree of accuracy in conformity with the strictest standards of gaming
regulations. Generally, a stick of dice (two and one-half pair) does not remain
in play for more than eight hours on a given table, in a busy casino. 

 The typical sales price of
casino dice currently ranges between approximately 2.50 and 3.50 per pair. We
currently have the capacity to produce approximately one million pairs of
dice per year (based upon 

5 

one
production shift) in Mexico. In 2006, we produced approximately 780,000 pairs
of dice. We believe our capacity for dice production is sufficient to
accommodate an increase in production requirements. 

 Table Layouts 

 Every gaming table is covered with a layout printed
with patterns particular to each specific game, as well as multi-colored logos
and other markings according to individual casino preferences. GPI USA has
developed a comprehensive range of different quality layouts and various
printing processes. GPI USA manufactures Paulson 
felt and synthetic layouts made of Paul-Son FX 
material for which GPI USA holds an exclusivity of supply in the United States,
as well as full graphic layouts. We have a creative art department that can
design any specific layout to meet the casino needs. 

 We believe we are a leading manufacturer of layouts in
the United States, utilizing high quality cloths, enhanced graphics, and
proprietary dye formulations which we believe result in the widest variety of
customized colors. Since 2000, when we acquired certain patent rights covering
methodology and processes relating to the screening of inks on synthetic cloth
for casino tabletop layouts, we have also offered synthetic layouts in a wide
variety of colors and customer preferences. The patent rights which expire in
20 years enable us to provide a full line of table game supplies and
equipment. 

 We typically install layouts on new gaming tables
prior to delivery to a casino. The table layouts are replaced by casinos on a
regular basis, in order to maintain their appearance, which is generally within
60 to 150 days. Layouts typically sell in a price range of approximately
 100 to 300 in the United States, depending on the type of table, the
complexity of the patterns and the variety and difficulty of color
combinations. 

 We primarily manufacture
our layouts at our Mexico facilities and occasionally, in Las Vegas; we also
may sell a small quantity of full graphic sublimation layouts using an outside
vendor. Our layout production capacity is approximately 20,000 felt layouts and
approximately 25,000 synthetic layouts per year. In fiscal 2006, we produced
approximately 38,000 layouts, of which approximately 12,000 were felt and
26,000 were synthetic. We believe the capacity of our layout production
facilities in Mexico will allow us to increase layout production as needed. 

 Playing Cards 

 We manufacture and sell our own line of paper casino
playing cards under the Paulson 
brand. A deck of cards typically sells to casinos within a price range of
approximately 0.80 and 1.50 and, based on casino industry practices, is
generally replaced every eight hours or less. A casino typically enters into a
one or two year purchase commitment with a supplier to supply its cards at
regular intervals, generally monthly. Casinos occasionally purchase cards from
more than one supplier, as casino floor managers often have preferences for a
particular type of card. Our cards are compatible with all card shufflers. 

 Given our relatively low market share of the playing
cards market, our established distribution system for table game supplies and
our low cost manufacturing facilities, we believe that playing cards represent
a reasonable growth opportunity for us. 

 We produce all of our playing cards at our GPI
Mexicana facilities. We purchased additional equipment in fiscal 2004 to
increase our production capacity to satisfy the marketplace. The appropriate
marketing approach will permit management to offer better service to selected
customers. In 2006, the Company produced approximately 4.7 million decks
of playing cards. 

 Traditionally, the
California card room market prefers plastic playing cards while the traditional
hotel-casino markets generally prefer paper cards. Our capacity, assuming a
single shift, is approximately 8 million decks per year. 

6 

Wheels 

 GPI SAS manufactures American and French roulette
wheels in Beaune, France and sells them primarily in Europe and in certain
United States and Canadian-based jurisdictions where GPI SAS is licensed (such
as New Jersey, Louisiana, Iowa, Washington State and Mississippi). Production
in France consists of designing and assembling the different parts produced by
very specialized sub-contractors. In 2006, GPI SAS produced and sold
approximately 70 roulette wheels and in 2005 approximately 100 roulette
wheels mostly in Europe and in the United States. Our annual capacity is
approximately 300 wheels. 

 Until the Combination, the
two former United States companies, Paul-Son and Bud Jones, manufactured
roulette wheels and Big Six wheels in their plants in Las Vegas. In October 2000
and September 2002, respectively, the former Paul-Son and the former Bud
Jones administratively and voluntarily surrendered their Nevada gaming
manufacturer and distributor licenses due to excessive license costs, and were
no longer permitted to assemble or manufacture wheels in Nevada or sell wheels
from Nevada. On November 18, 2004, the Nevada Gaming Commission granted GPI
SAS and GPI USA approval, by way of transactional waivers, to manufacture and
distribute roulette wheels to Nevada casinos. Effective August 30, 2006,
the transactional waivers were expanded to permit GPI USA to sell GPI SAS
roulette wheels outside the State of Nevada. GPI USA sold 6 roulette wheels in
2006. 

 Gaming Furniture 

 We sell a variety of
casino gaming furniture. Tables range in price approximately between 1,500 and
 3,000 for a blackjack table to approximately 3,000 to 5,000 for a roulette
table (excluding the roulette wheel) and up to approximately 5,000 to 8,000
for a craps table. We vigorously pursue gaming table sales because the sale of
a gaming table will generally bolster our ability to sell gaming chips and
consumable products such as layouts, dice, cards, and other accessories to the
table purchasers. Prior to 2000, we purchased our gaming tables from a third
party. Subsequently we began manufacturing our own table game furniture
components in our Mexico facility. Tables are assembled by us in Mexico and
completed by adding the layout, drop boxes, trays and other table accessories
in Las Vegas. Table game seating is produced by nonaffiliated manufacturers and
distributed by us. We have seen a growth in our sales of gaming furniture due to
the reopening of casinos in the south (Mississippi and Louisiana) and the
remodeling of several high limit rooms. In 2006, GPI Mexicana produced
approximately 2,500 tables; our current capacity is up to 3,500 tables. GPI SAS
also manufactures a variety of casino gaming furniture, including tables
(blackjack, roulette, etc.) in Beaune, France. 

 Table Accessories and Other Products 

 In order to offer our customers a full product line,
we sell a number of ancillary casino table game products, which we typically do
not manufacture. We have expanded our manufacturing of certain plastic
products, including dealing shoes in our GPI Mexicana facility. Ancillary
products include plastic money paddles, discard holders, drop boxes, dealing
shoes, trays and covers, dice sticks and on/off pucks. These products are
generally sold in conjunction with the sale of gaming tables and tend to have
long useful lives. In 2006, GPI Mexicana produced a large number of ancillary
products that were sold in conjunction with our gaming furniture. 

 We also sell an air
ventilation device specifically for gaming tables called the Air-Rail 
System. This ventilation system creates a positive flow of air at the gaming
table, which pushes smoke away from the dealer and assists nonsmokers in contending
with secondhand smoke. Small air vent devices secured underneath the table draw
smoke from the surface and recycle it, dispensing the air outward where the
casino s primary ventilation systems can distribute it. By filtering and
dispersing the smoke-filled air, the 

7 

Air-Rail 
System makes the casino s primary air circulation systems perform more
efficiently and improves the comfort of the nonsmoking casino dealers and
patrons. 

 Sales, Advertising
and Promotion 

 We generally distribute our products in North America
and the Caribbean Islands through our four-person sales
force, which operates out of regional offices in Las Vegas, Nevada; Atlantic
City, New Jersey; and Gulfport, Mississippi. We generally distribute our
products in the international market through our four-person sales force, which
operates out of our Beaune, France office. 

 We believe that the long-standing customer
relationships, which have been developed over the years by our individual sales
representatives, as well as our reputation for quality, reliability and
security features, are key factors upon which we successfully compete in the
market place. Experience, production, flexibility, service and a wide range of
products are the keys to selling customized products and position us as the
casinos partner for table operations. When direct selling is not feasible
because of local conditions, we may enter into agreements with carefully
selected local distributors. But, even in this case, we always maintain direct
contact with the end customers. 

 We place advertising in trade publications and
participate in major casino industry trade shows. We keep abreast of new casino
openings through personal contact with casino management, legislative and trade
publications and wire service press releases. When new casino projects are
identified, our representatives make personal contact with appropriate officers
and/or purchasing agents in order to solicit the sale of our products to such
potential new customers. 

 Our experience has been
that once a casino buys from a table game supplier, it tends to purchase
replacement products from the same supplier, provided that the quality, service
and competitive pricing on the products are maintained. As a result, our sales
efforts are primarily focused on selling and promoting a wide range of table
gaming products to casinos while they are in the development and licensing
stage. By thereafter maintaining a frequent contact program, we seek to realize
a steadily increasing base of recurring sales for our consumable products such
as layouts, dice and cards, while capturing incremental sales to new casinos. 

 Materials, Supplies
and Backlog 

 We maintain good relationships with our suppliers and
have, where possible, diversified our supplier base so as to avoid a disruption
of supply. However, some key raw materials for our principal products have
unique suppliers. In most other cases, our raw materials are staple goods, such
as paper, plastic, wood, felt and synthetic fabric, which are readily available
from several suppliers. We believe that our practice of purchasing from
diversified sources minimizes the risk of interrupting the supply of raw
materials. 

 Our backlog of production orders amounted to
approximately 3.9 million for our United States operations and 1.6 million
for our France operations as of December 31, 2006. At December 31,
2005, our backlog was approximately 4.5 million for our United States
operations and 21.2 million for our France operations, a result of large
pending orders for new casino openings in 2006; such orders have now been
filled. We believe that all of our backlog will be filled in 2007. 

8 

Competition 

 There are a number of companies that compete with us
in the sale of each of our product lines: 

 Gaming
Chips The gaming chip product line has in recent years
become an increasingly competitive area of the gaming supply business.
Currently, our major competitors and their respective locations are Chipco
International and The United States Playing Card Company in the United States,
Abbiati Casino Equipment in Italy, Dolphin Products Pty Ltd. in Australia, and
Matsui Gaming Machine Co., Ltd. in Japan. We believe key competitive factors
for gaming chip sales are: well established product and process security,
respect of players and dealers habits, attractiveness, durability, quality of
service and price. 

 Table
Layouts Our primary
competitors for casino table layouts are Midwest Game Supply Co. and Gemaco
Playing Card Co. in the United States, and TCS/John Huxley in the United
Kingdom. We believe the key competitive factors for table layout sales are
cloth quality, durability, printing processes and price. 

 Playing
Card Our major
competitors in the domestic playing card market are The United States Playing
Card Company and Gemaco Playing Card Co. Our major competitors internationally
are Angel Co., Ltd. in Japan, primarily servicing the Asian market, and
Cartamundi in Belgium, primarily servicing the European market. We believe the
primary competitive factors for playing cards are price, intrinsic
characteristics (snap memory, ease of handling, etc.), security, quality control,
brand name identification, process security and reputation. 

 Gaming
Furniture Our principal
competitors for casino gaming furniture are TCS/John Huxley in the United
Kingdom and Abbiati Casino Equipment in Italy and smaller regional wood shops
in certain geographic areas. Competition is based on product ranges, quality
service, industry know-how, and price. 

 Dice Our principal
competitor for domestic casino dice sales is Midwest Game Supply Co. and The
United States Playing Card Company. There is no significant market
internationally for casino dice. We believe the primary competitive factors for
dice sales are quality of the product and services and pricing. In addition,
casino shift managers typically prefer that casinos purchase dice from more
than one supplier due to industry superstition that dice from one of its
suppliers may run cold for the house from time to time. 

 Table Accessories and
Other Products Our principal competitors for distributing
table accessories and other products, which include drop boxes, dealing shoes,
chip trays and chip bank covers, foot rails are several local vendors. We
believe that key competitive factors for these products are the ability to be a
single source supplier, service, convenient locations, and product quality. 

 Intellectual
Property 

 We own
a portfolio of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and patents that provide
us with a competitive advantage, fostering future profitability and growth. We
own United States federal trademark registrations ) for the following marks: 

Air Rail 

BG 

Bourgogne et Grasset 

Bud Jones 

Chipsoft 

Gaming Partners
 International 

GPI 

GPI Logo 

Paulson 

SafeChip by Bourgogne et
 Grasset 

SmartChip 

T-K 

We own common law rights in these trademarks ): 

 WheelCheck
Plus 

 We
Make the Money the World Plays With 

 Casino Currency Control 

9 

In addition we have international protection for many
of our trademarks. 

 We own numerous United
States and international patents. We also retain an exclusive license to
manufacture and sell gaming chips with embedded RFID microchips and RFID
readers for chip tracking and accounting in the United States until 2015. We
believe that our trademarks, logos and patent rights are valuable to the
operation of our Company and are important to our marketing strategy. Our
policy is to actively pursue and maintain registration of our trademarks and
logos where our business strategy requires us to do so and to oppose vigorously
any infringement or dilution of our trademarks, logos or patent rights.
However, we cannot predict whether steps taken by us to protect our proprietary
rights will be adequate to prevent misappropriation of these rights or the use
by others. It may be difficult for us to prevent others from copying elements
of our concepts, or our trade secrets, and any litigation to enforce our rights
will likely involve significant costs. 

 Environmental
Matters 

 We believe we are in compliance with international,
federal, state and local laws and regulations that have been enacted or adopted
relating to the protection of the environment. The liability for environmental
remediation or costs will be accrued by us when or if it is considered probable
and the costs can be reasonably estimated. 

 On or about
August 25, 2006, the Company received a 60-day notice from the
Center for Environmental Health CEH ), a private environmental advocacy firm,
stating that CEH intended to bring suit against the Company in California for
alleged failure to provide a warning required under the California Safe
Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 Proposition 65 or the
 Act ). Previously a number of card room operators throughout California
received similar 60-day notice letters from CEH alleging they failed to
meet warning requirements contained in the Act. We have sold gaming chips to
some of these card room operators. The Act requires, among other things, that
certain businesses in California must provide a clear and reasonable warning 
if they expose persons to chemical listed by the State of California as a
carcinogen and/or reproductive toxicant, unless the business can demonstrate
the exposure is below a No Significant Risk Level for that chemical. Failure
to provide the warning can be enforced by the government or private citizens in
an action for civil penalties and injunctive relief. In this case, the
environmental group alleges that gaming chips contain lead and/or lead
compounds and that no warning was given by the card room operators to its
employees or customers. We have engaged outside counsel who is pursuing
discussions with counsel for CEH. We have entered into a joint defense
agreement with several of the card room operators and a tolling agreement with
CEH in order to continue discussions. No litigation has been commenced in the
matter to date. In the meantime, we are now providing a Proposition 65 warning
on all gaming chips sold in the State of California. We are pursuing rigorous
efforts to reformulate our gaming chips to eliminate the need to provide such
warnings in connection with future chip sales. While the maximum amount of
statutory penalties for failing to provide a required Proposition 65 warning
are substantial, based on our preliminary analysis, we do not believe that our
liability, if any, in this matter will have a material adverse effect on us or
our business, operations or financial position. 

 Employees 

 At March 31, 2007, we
employed approximately 760 people. Approximately 459 of the employees were
located at our Mexico facilities, 203 employees were located in our Beaune,
France facility with the remainder located primarily in Las Vegas, Nevada and
Atlantic City, New Jersey. None of our employees are covered by collective
bargaining agreements and we believe that our relations with our employees are
good. 

10 

Regulation and
Licensing 

 General Gaming
Regulation 

 The
gaming operations of each of our subsidiaries are subject to extensive
regulation, and each of our subsidiaries hold registrations, approvals, gaming
licenses or permits in each jurisdiction in which it operates gaming
activities. A list of the geographical locations of the jurisdictions in which
we, through our subsidiaries, are subject to licensing and/or regulatory
control of the gaming authorities is set forth below. 

Gaming Jurisdictions 

Arizona 

New York 

California 

North Carolina 

Colorado 

North Dakota 

Connecticut 

Oklahoma 

Florida 

Oregon 

Illinois 

South Dakota 

Indiana 

Washington 

Iowa 

Wisconsin 

Kansas 

Australia 

Louisiana 

Puerto Rico 

Michigan 

Alberta, Canada 

Minnesota 

British Columbia, Canada 

Mississippi 

Manitoba, Canada 

Missouri 

Nova Scotia, Canada 

Montana 

Ontario, Canada 

Nevada 

Quebec, Canada 

New Jersey 

Saskatchewan, Canada 

New Mexico 

Republic of Panama 

While the regulatory requirements vary from
jurisdiction to jurisdiction, most require licenses, permits, findings of
suitability, documentation of qualification including evidence of financial
stability and/or other required approvals for companies who manufacture and
distribute gaming equipment, as well as the individual suitability of officers,
directors, major stockholders and key employees. Under the various gaming
regulations, key personnel generally include the current and/or proposed
corporate officers and directors of a corporation and its subsidiaries. Laws of
the various gaming regulatory agencies are generally intended to protect the
public and ensure that gaming related activity is conducted honestly, competitively,
and free of corruption. 

 Various gaming regulatory
agencies have issued licenses allowing our wholly owned subsidiaries to
manufacture and/or distribute our products. Our subsidiaries and their key
personnel, as applicable, have obtained or applied for all government licenses,
permits, registrations, findings of suitability and approvals necessary
allowing for the manufacture and distribution of gaming supplies and equipment
in the jurisdictions where it is required. These companies have never been denied
a gaming related license, nor have any licenses been suspended or revoked. 

 Nevada Gaming
Regulation 

 The manufacture and distribution of gaming equipment
in Nevada are subject to extensive state and local regulation. Our operations
were subject to the licensing and regulatory control of the Nevada Gaming
Commission, the Nevada State Gaming Control Board and various local regulatory
agencies, or the Nevada gaming authorities, due to our prior manufacture of
roulette wheels and Big Six wheels, which are considered gaming devices. 

11 

The complex regulatory scheme governing the licensing
of gaming device manufacturers and distributors in Nevada imposed
administrative burdens which far exceed those of most other gaming
jurisdictions when applied to our new combined corporate structure and our
foreign stockholders. From the time of the Combination and up to mid-2004,
in the opinion of our management, the anticipated time and expense of a foreign
investigation that would be conducted by the Nevada gaming authorities would
far outweigh any benefit to be gained by maintaining licensure in Nevada.
Specifically, based upon an analysis of three factors: the potential market for
our roulette and Big Six wheels in Nevada; the benefits gained through our
choice of corporate structure; and the administrative costs associated with
compliance with certain requirements of the Nevada gaming authorities, we
concluded that the costs of maintaining licensure in Nevada upon the completion
of the Combination significantly exceeded our potential profits. We thus
administratively and voluntarily surrendered the Nevada gaming licenses of the
former Paul-Son Gaming Supplies, Inc. upon the completion of the
Combination, a procedure that allowed us to forego licensure in Nevada without
impacting our licensure in other gaming jurisdictions or our ability to
continue to manufacture roulette wheels and Big Six wheels in and for other
jurisdictions. The above license surrender did not impact the manufacture or
sale of our other products in Nevada. 

 In mid-2004, however, with the construction of
new casino properties in Nevada on the horizon, the Company applied to the
Nevada gaming authorities for certain exemptions from provisions of the Nevada
gaming laws and for the limited licensure of GPI USA and GPI SAS to manufacture
and distribute roulette wheels in Nevada. Company research showed that no
current licensed manufacturers or distributors in Nevada were actively in the
business of manufacturing or selling roulette wheels and it was anticipated that
Nevada casino operators were in need of a source for such products. 

 By Nevada State Gaming
Commission Order entered November 18, 2004, GPIC was exempted from
registration as a publicly traded corporation and GPI USA and GPI SAS were each
licensed as manufacturers and distributors strictly limited to the manufacture,
distribution and service of roulette wheels in Nevada, and subject to
administrative approval prior to the distribution of any roulette wheel and
further subject to specified conditions set forth in the Order, including but
not limited to the filing of periodic reports with and notifications to Nevada
gaming authorities. The result of this Order is to grant GPI USA and GPI SAS
transactional waivers so that they may manufacture roulette wheels for sale to
Nevada casino licensees. Effective August 30, 2006, the approvals were
expanded by the Nevada gaming authorities to permit GPI USA to sell GPI SAS
roulette wheels outside of Nevada. The waivers granted were specifically found
by the Nevada State Gaming Commission to be consistent with the policies set
forth for in the Nevada gaming laws. These waivers may, however, be withdrawn
by the Nevada State Gaming Control Board for any cause deemed reasonable. Upon
such withdrawal, the Company would be subject to full registration and
licensing. 

 New Jersey Gaming
Regulation 

 Our subsidiaries are currently required to be licensed
under the New Jersey Casino Control Act, or the New Jersey Act, as casino
service industries qualified to manufacture and sell gaming-related products to
casinos in New Jersey. As part of such licensure, parent companies, holding
companies and certain officers and directors of the companies are required to
be found suitable by the New Jersey Casino Control Commission, or the New Jersey
Commission. The sale and distribution of gaming equipment to casinos in New
Jersey is also subject to the New Jersey Act and the regulations promulgated
thereunder by the New Jersey Commission. The New Jersey Commission has
broad discretion in promulgating and interpreting regulations under the New
Jersey Act. Amendments and supplements to the New Jersey Act, if any, may be of
a material nature, and accordingly may adversely affect the ability of a
company or its employees to obtain any required licenses, permits and approvals
from the New Jersey Commission, or any renewals thereof. The current
regulations govern licensing requirements, standards for qualification, persons
required to be qualified, disqualification criteria, competition, investigation
of supplementary 

12 

information, duration of
licenses, record keeping, causes for suspension, standards for renewals or
revocation of licenses, equal employment opportunity requirements, fees and
exemptions. In deciding to grant a license, the New Jersey Commission may
consider, among other things, the financial stability, integrity,
responsibility, good character, and reputation for honesty, business ability
and experience of the applicant and its directors, officers, management and
supervisory personnel, principal employees and stockholders as well as the
adequacy of the financial resources of the applicant. New Jersey licenses are
granted for a period of three or four years, depending on the length of time a
company has been licensed, and if they are renewable. The New Jersey Commission
may impose such conditions upon licensing, as it deems appropriate. These
include the ability of the New Jersey Commission to require the applicant or
licensee to report the names of all of its stockholders as well as the ability to
require any stockholders whom the New Jersey Commission finds not qualified to
dispose of the stock, not receive dividends, not exercise any rights conferred
by the shares, nor receive any remuneration from the licensee for services
rendered or otherwise. Failure of such stockholder to dispose of such
stockholder s stock could result in the loss of the license. Licenses are also
subject to suspension, revocation or refusal for sufficient cause, including
the violation of any law. In addition, licensees are also subject to monetary
penalties for violations of the New Jersey Act or the regulations of the New
Jersey Commission. 

 Our new combined structure
required that each subsidiary company submit a new application for licensure.
Following a complete investigation of each subsidiary s respective license
application, in October 2006, the New Jersey Commission granted plenary
gaming-related casino service industry licenses to GPI USA, GPI SAS and GPI
Mexicana. 

 Other Gaming
Jurisdictions 

 In addition to New Jersey, our subsidiaries are
currently licensed in a number of other jurisdictions. Although the regulations
in these jurisdictions are not identical to the states of Nevada or New Jersey,
their material attributes are substantially similar, and are summarized below. 

 The manufacture, sale and
distribution of gaming supplies in each jurisdiction are subject to various
state, county and/or municipal laws, regulations and ordinances, which are
administered by the relevant regulatory agency or agencies in that jurisdiction.
These laws, regulations and ordinances primarily concern the responsibility,
financial stability and character of gaming supply and equipment owners,
distributors, sellers and operators, as well as persons financially interested
or involved in gaming or liquor operations. In many jurisdictions, selling or
distributing gaming supplies may not be conducted unless proper licenses are
obtained. An application for a license may be denied for any cause which the
gaming regulators deem reasonable. In order to ensure the integrity of
manufacturers and distributors of gaming supplies, most jurisdictions have the
authority to conduct background investigations of a company, its key personnel
and significant stockholders. The gaming regulators may at any time revoke,
suspend condition, limit or restrict a license for any cause deemed reasonable
by the gaming regulators. Fines for violation of gaming laws or regulations may
be levied against the holder of a license and persons involved. Our
subsidiaries and their respective key personnel have obtained all licenses
necessary for the conduct of their respective business in the jurisdictions in
which they sell and distribute gaming equipment and supplies. Suspension or
revocation of such licenses could have a material adverse effect on our
operations. 

 Federal Gaming
Registration 

 The Federal Gambling
Devices Act of 1962 Federal Act makes it unlawful for a person to
manufacture, transport, or receive gaming machines, gaming devices (including
roulette wheels) or components across interstate lines unless that person has
first registered with the Attorney General of the United States Department of
Justice. In addition, the Federal Act imposes gambling device identification
and record keeping requirements. Violation of the Federal Act may result in
seizure and forfeiture of the 

13 

equipment,
as well as other penalties. Our subsidiaries, which are involved in the
manufacture and transportation of gaming devices, are required to register
annually. 

 Native American
Gaming Regulation 

 Gaming on Native American
lands is governed by federal law, tribal-state compacts, and tribal gaming
regulations. The Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988 IGRA provides the
framework for federal and state control over all gaming on Native American
lands and is administered by the National Indian Gaming Commission and the
Secretary of the United States Department of the Interior. The IGRA requires
that a tribe and the state in which the tribe is located enter into a written
agreement, a tribal-state compact, which governs the terms of the gaming
activities. Tribal-state compacts vary from state-to-state and in many cases
require equipment manufacturers and/or distributors to meet ongoing
registration and licensing requirements. In addition, tribal gaming commissions
have been established by many Native American tribes to regulate gaming-related
activity on Indian lands. Our subsidiaries manufacture and distribute gaming
supplies to Native American tribes who have negotiated compacts with their respective
states and have received federal approval. Currently, GPI USA is authorized to
sell products to Native American casinos in seventeen states and GPI SAS is
authorized to sell products to Native American casinos in five states. 

 International
Gaming Regulation 

 Certain foreign countries permit the importation, sale
and operation of gaming supplies in casino and non-casino environments. Certain
jurisdictions require the licensing of manufacturers and distributors of gaming
supplies. We and our subsidiaries manufacture and/or distribute gaming supplies
to various international markets including Australia, the Caribbean, Canada,
and other foreign countries. We have obtained the required licenses to
manufacture and distribute our products in the various foreign jurisdictions
where we do business. 

 While the regulatory
requirements vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, most require licenses,
permits, findings of suitability, documentation of qualification including
evidence of financial stability and/or other required approvals for companies
who manufacture and distribute gaming equipment, as well as the individual
suitability of officers, directors, major stockholders and key employees. Under
the various gaming regulations, key personnel generally include the current
and/or proposed corporate officers and directors of a corporation and its
subsidiaries. Laws of the various gaming regulatory agencies are generally
intended to protect the public and ensure that gaming related activity is
conducted honestly, competitively, and free of corruption. 

 Financial
Information about Geographic Areas 

 See Part II Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements Note 14 for certain financial information by geographic area. 

 Available
Information 

 Our current website is www.gpigaming.com . There we make available, free of charge,
our annual Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
Current Reports on Form 8-K, and, if applicable, any amendments to
those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Exchange Act as soon as
reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or
furnish it to, the SEC. The information found on our website is not part of
this or any other report we file or furnish to the SEC. You may also submit
written information requests by mail to: Attn: Investor Relations, Gaming
Partners International Corporation, 1700 Industrial Road, Las Vegas, Nevada
89102. 

14 

Item 1A. Risk
Factors. 

 Throughout this annual Form 10-K, we make
some forward-looking statements, which do not relate to historical or current
facts, but are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to analyses
and other information based on forecasts of future results and estimates of
amounts not yet determinable that, while considered reasonable by us, are
inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive risks and
uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control and are subject to change.
The statements also relate to our future prospects and anticipated performance,
development and business strategies. These statements are identified by their
use of terms and phrases such as anticipate, believe, could, would, estimate,
expect, intend, may, plan, predict, project, pursue, will, continue, feel, or
the negative or other variations thereof, and other similar terms and phrases,
including references to assumptions. 

 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in
any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could
differ materially from those expressed or implied. Our future financial
condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements,
are subject to change and to inherent known and unknown risks and
uncertainties. We do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update our
forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. 

 We urge you to carefully
review the following discussion of the specific risks and uncertainties that
affect our business. These include, but are not limited to, the following: 

 Demand for our
products would be adversely affected by: 

 a
lack of acceptance of our RFID technology; 

 a
reduction in the growth rate of new and existing casinos and markets, particularly
in Asia; 

 delays
of scheduled openings of newly constructed or planned casinos; and 

 a decline in the public
acceptance of gaming. 

 Our intellectual
property rights are subject to risks, including: 

 development
of new proprietary technologies that could be applied by our competitors to
make our products obsolete or less desirable; 

 potential
inability to obtain, maintain and defend patents, trademarks, copyrights, and
trade secrets to protect our newly developed products and technology; 

 competitors 
infringement upon our existing trademarks, patents, trade secrets copyrights; 

 costs
in defending our intellectual property rights against unexpected claims; 

 approval
of competitors patent applications that may restrict our ability to compete effectively; 

 successful
challenge of the patents underlying our exclusive license in the United States
regarding our RFID embedded gaming chips; and 

 ineffective or lack of
enforcement of patents by our licensors. 

 Our
business is vulnerable to changing economic conditions, including: 

 uncertainties
related to changing economic conditions including those that affect the
relative health of the gaming industry; 

 higher
than anticipated manufacturing, selling, administrative, legal and/or
distribution costs; 

15 

unfavorable
changes in United States or foreign state or federal taxation laws or
application of such laws that could reduce our profitability; 

 political
or economic instability in international markets, particularly those where we
have higher sales concentrations and growth; 

 changes
in interest rates causing a reduction of investment income or in the value of
market rate sensitive instruments; 

 fluctuations
in foreign exchange rates, tariffs and other trade barriers; 

 an
inability to effectively hedge our foreign currency exposures; and 

 consolidations
within the casino industry. 

 We
operate in a highly regulated industry and our ability to sell our products in
certain jurisdictions could be adversely affected by: 

 unfavorable
public referendums or anti-gaming legislation, especially in other countries; 

 unfavorable
legislation affecting or directed at manufacturers or gaming operators, such as
referendums to increase taxes on gaming revenues; 

 adverse
changes in or findings of non-compliance with applicable governmental gaming
regulations; 

 delays
in approvals from regulatory agencies; 

 a
limitation, conditioning, suspension or revocation of any of our gaming
licenses; and 

 unfavorable
determinations or challenges of suitability by gaming regulatory authorities
with respect to our officers, directors or key employees. 

 Our
success in the gaming industry depends in part on our ability to develop
innovative products and would be adversely affected by: 

 failure
of the casino industry to accept RFID technology with respect to gaming chips
and readers; and/or the 125 KHz or the 13.56 MHz RFID technologies in
particular; 

 the
development of competing new technologies, making ours obsolete or undesirable; 

 a
decline in the popularity of our gaming products with players and casinos; 

 a
lack of success in developing or adequately servicing new products, in
particular our products with security features; and 

 an increase in the
popularity of competitors products. 

 Investors
cannot exercise control over the Company as a result of principal stockholders 
ownership due to: 

 the
current executive officers and directors of the Company beneficially own
approximately 60.4 of the outstanding common stock as of March 24, 2007. As
a result, the executive officers and directors of the Company can control the
management and affairs of the Company and all matters requiring stockholder
approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant
corporate transactions; 

16 

this
concentration of ownership could have the effect of delaying or preventing a
change in control of the Company, even when such change of control is in the
best interests of stockholders; and 

 this
concentration of ownership also might adversely affect the market price of the
common stock and the voting and other rights of our Company s other
stockholders. 

 Our outstanding
debt obligations subject us to certain additional risks, including: 

 increasing
our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

 limiting
our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital,
capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; 

 requiring
a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations for the payment of
interest on our indebtedness and reducing our ability to use our cash flows to
fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate
requirements; 

 limiting
our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in or business and the
industry; and 

 creating
a disadvantage to us compared to competitors with less indebtedness. 

 We are subject to
risk related to our combination with GPI SAS, including: 

 difficulty
in moving cash between GPI SAS and GPI USA, primarily due to negative tax
consequences; and 

 volatility
in our intercompany international operations. 

 A
significant percentage of our revenues result from the sale of our gaming chips
to new casinos in Macau, including approximately 75 of GPI SAS revenues and
approximately 45 of the Company s revenues on a consolidated basis. As such: 

 upon
the eventual reduction in the rate of new casino openings, and the expansion of
existing casinos, in Macau our business could be adversely affected if we are
unable to find new growth markets to replace those sales; 

 the
exceptional growth of the Macau market over the last three years has resulted
in an increase in the number of competitors in the gaming chip market and in
the intensity of such competition. 

 Our
success is dependent on key management and sales personnel, including Gerard P.
Charlier, our President and Chief Executive Officer. As such: 

 the
loss of Mr. Charlier or our other key personnel, or the limitation of
their availability, could adversely affect our business. To a substantial
extent, we rely on the ability and experience of Mr. Charlier for our
strategic plan, financial plans, growth, marketing and other objectives; 

 Mr. Charlier s
employment agreement expires in September 2007; however, we are currently
in the process of negotiating an extension of his employment agreement. We
cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully negotiate such an
extension. 

 since
our 1994 Long-Term Incentive Plan expired in 2004, we have not had an
equity-based incentive program for our executive officers and key personnel. 

17 

New
legislation or regulations requiring more stringent corporate governance and
financial reporting standards have led and will continue to lead to an increase
in our costs of compliance: 

 Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 will require us to include an internal
control report of management in our 2007 and post-2007 annual Form 10-K.
While we intend to fully comply with these new laws and regulations, a failure
to comply may impact market perception of our financial condition and could
materially harm our business and operating results; 

 the
lack of adequate internal controls, as exhibited by the material weaknesses
disclosed in Item 9A Controls and Procedures, could result in misstated
financial statements which could require us to restate our financial
statements. 

 Our business
operations are subject to other risks, including: 

 limited
or unique suppliers for certain key raw materials for significant products; 

 the
loss or retirement of our key executives or other key employees; 

 adverse
changes in the creditworthiness or parties with whom we have receivables; 

 issuance
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, or the perception that
this will occur; 

 the
discovery of facts with respect to legal actions pending against us not
presently known to us or determinations by judges, juries or other finders of
fact which do not accord with our evaluation of the possible liability or
outcome of existing litigation; 

 increased
costs due to reliance on third party suppliers and contract manufacturers; 

 casualty,
theft or loss of our gaming chips, prior to delivery to casinos; 

 agreements
with casinos in Native American jurisdictions which may subject us to sovereign
immunity risk; 

 natural
disasters, pandemic illnesses, travel or tourism decline risks, increased fuel
prices, other travel limitations, or acts of God that are concentrated in major
gambling locations; 

 acts
of war, potential domestic or international terrorist incidents; and 

 any
failures, difficulties or significant delays in implementing or maintaining our
computer information systems could result in material adverse consequences to
our business, including disruption of operations, loss of information and
unanticipated increases in costs. 

 Item 1B. Unresolved
Staff Comments . 

 None. 

 Item 2. Properties . 

 We are based in, and operate domestically from,
company-owned facilities in Las Vegas, Nevada, and internationally from Beaune,
France. We currently assemble and manufacture our primary products at
facilities in Las Vegas, Nevada, San Luis Rio Colorado, Mexico and Beaune,
France. We also lease sales offices in Atlantic City, New Jersey and Gulfport,
Mississippi. 

 Las
Vegas, Nevada. Our Las Vegas headquarters are located
in an approximately 60,000 square foot building. Our Las Vegas headquarters was
purchased in September 1995 for approximately 2.0 million. This facility
houses the Las Vegas sales and corporate offices, including a centralized
warehouse for certain of our finished goods inventory, several manufacturing
departments, and a graphics art department. In our 

18 

Las Vegas headquarters, we also maintain a certain inventory
of templates, graphic designs, logos, and tools and dies for casino customers 
gaming equipment. Maintaining such an inventory results in time and cost
savings for product manufacturing and delivery to our customers. Our Las Vegas
headquarters secures a deed of trust issued under our outstanding term loan. In
the second quarter of 2005, we acquired an approximately one acre parcel of
land adjacent to our Las Vegas headquarters for approximately 800,000. We
currently use the property primarily for additional employee and visitor
parking. (See Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources.) 

 San
Luis Rio Colorado, Mexico. We manufacture casino chips, all
playing cards, dice, all plastic products, layouts and tables at three
facilities in San Luis Rio Colorado, Mexico. These facilities include a 34,000
square foot leased facility in which casino chips, dice and plastic products
are manufactured, approximately 32,500 square feet where layouts are produced
and an approximately 66,000 square foot facility used for producing playing
cards and tables. We own the 66,000 square foot facility. In April 2004, we
extended the lease of our main 34,000 square foot facility for an additional
five years at the same monthly rent amount of approximately 0.35 per square
foot, or 12,000, except that the amount may be prorated, commensurate with the
space we elect to use, since then we have added to our lease an additional
32,500 square feet at the same monthly rent amount of approximately 0.35 per
square foot, or 11,300. (See Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 13.) 

 Beaune,
France. We own an approximately 34,000 square foot
manufacturing and administrative facility, in Beaune, France. On
May 7, 2004, GPI SAS entered into a 350,000 Euro (or approximately
 423,000 as of May 7, 2004) loan transaction, with Banque Nationale de
Paris (B.N.P), a French bank, for a building expansion, which included
approximately 3,600 square feet of additional office and production space and
1,350 square feet of storage space. This expansion was completed in the third
quarter of 2004. 

 On December 22, 2004, we entered into a
construction contract for a 1,600 square foot additional expansion to extend
the jeton and plaque production area. This extension was completed in the
second quarter of 2005. The total cost of approximately 320,000, was paid for
out of our operating funds. 

 On July 7, 2006, we bought an approximately
10,700 square foot manufacturing and administrative facility in Beaune, France
for 650,000 Euros (approximately 828,000 at July 7, 2006). 

 Facility Capacity With the current approximate 244,000 square feet
of manufacturing facilities as of December 31, 2006, we believe that we will
have sufficient production capacity to meet anticipated future demand for all
of our products in the United States and abroad. 

 Item 3. Legal
Proceedings . 

 See Part II Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements Note 9. for information regarding legal proceedings and
contingencies. 

 Item 4. Submission
of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders . 

 No matters were submitted to a vote of our security
holders during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31,
2006. 

19 

PART II 

 Item 5 . Market
for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

 PERFORMANCE GRAPH 

 The following graph
reflects the cumulative stockholder return (change in stock price plus
reinvested dividends) of a 100 investment in our common stock for the
five-year period from December 31, 2001 through December 31, 2006, in
comparison with the Standard Poor s 500 Composite Stock Index and
our self-determined industry peer group index(1). The comparisons are not
intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our
common stock. 

 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 

 Among Gaming
Partners International Corp. The S P 500 Index 
And A Peer Group 

100
invested on 12/31/01 in stock or index-including reinvestment of dividends.
Fiscal year ending December 31. 

 Copyright
 2007, Standard Poor s, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
All rights reserved. www.researchdatagroup.com/S P.htm 

Investment Value as of December 31, 

2001 

2002 

2003 

2004 

2005 

2006 

GPIC 

100.00 

311.76 

422.79 

1,516.91 

828.61 

1,343.03 

S P
 500 

100.00 

77.90 

100.24 

111.15 

116.61 

135.03 

Peer Group (1) 

100.00 

109.27 

205.05 

208.29 

194.58 

273.33 

(1) The companies in the peer group include: Bally Technologies Inc.
(formerly Alliance Gaming Corp.), Fortune Diversified Industries Inc. (formerly
American Gaming Entertainment), Innovative 

20 

Gaming Corp.
America, International Game Technology, Progressive Gaming International Corp.
(formerly Mikohn Gaming Corp.), Scientific Games Corp. (formerly Autotote
Corp.) and ShuffleMaster Inc. GTech Holdings Corp., which was included in
the peer group for fiscal year 2005, is no longer trading and has therefore
been removed from the peer group. 

 Market Information 

 As of March 10,
2005, the Company moved its stock trading from the NASDAQ Small Cap Market to
the NASDAQ National Market, and continued trading under the symbol GPIC. 
Prior to the name change on September 1, 2004, the Company s stock traded
under the symbol PSON. The following table sets forth the quarterly high and
low closing prices of our common stock as reported by NASDAQ during the periods
indicated. All stock prices reflect a fiscal year ending December 31. On April 25,
2007, the closing price was 18.50 per share. 

Fiscal Year 

High 

Low 

2005 First
 Quarter 

19.56 

12.40 

2005 Second
 Quarter 

19.64 

13.36 

2005 Third
 Quarter 

23.42 

14.99 

2005 Fourth
 Quarter 

15.65 

11.18 

2006 First
 Quarter 

16.25 

9.31 

2006 Second
 Quarter 

24.40 

16.70 

2006 Third
 Quarter 

25.77 

17.75 

2006 Fourth
 Quarter 

20.95 

16.62 

2007 First Quarter 

20.61 

16.95 

On April 18, 2007, as
a result of the delay in filing of the Company s annual Form 10-K
for the year ended 2006, the Company received a NASDAQ staff determination
letter indicating that the Company was not in compliance with timely filing of
periodic reports and that the Company s common stock is subject to delisting. The
Company requested a hearing to appeal the staff s determination thus staying
the possible delisting of the Company s common stock. If the Company is unable
to demonstrate an ability to comply with these requirements to NASDAQ s
satisfaction, its common stock could be delisted from the NASDAQ Global Market. 

 Holders 

 There were 93 holders of
record of our common stock as of March 31, 2007. We estimate that there
are approximately 1,200 beneficial
holders of our common stock based on the proxies distributed in connection with
the May 2006 meeting of stockholders. 

 Dividend Policy 

 On November 8, 2006,
the Company s Board of Directors declared a non-recurring cash dividend of
 0.125 per share paid on December 15, 2006 to stockholders of record at
the close of business on November 27, 2006. The cash was paid from the
Company s normal operations. This was the second time a cash dividend has been
paid. The other cash dividend was paid in December 2005. The Board of
Directors presently does not intend to declare or pay any dividends for the
foreseeable future. 

 Transfer Agent 

 Our stock transfer agent
and registrar is American Stock Transfer Trust Co., located at 6201 15 th Avenue, Brooklyn, New
York 11219; the telephone number is (718) 921-8247. 

 Purchases of Equity
Securities by the Issuer 

 The Company made no purchases of GPIC equity
securities during the fourth quarter of 2006. 

21 

Item 6 . Selected
Financial Data . 

 The selected consolidated financial data included in
the following tables should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated
Financial Statements and related notes, and Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations appearing elsewhere
herein. The selected consolidated financial data for the years ended December 31,
2006, 2005, and 2004, have been derived from our audited consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere herein. The selected consolidated financial data
for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002 have been derived from our
audited consolidated financial statements not included herein. 

 A Combination Agreement was executed on September 12,
2002, combining GPIC (formerly known as Paul-Son Gaming Corporation) with
GPI SAS (formerly known as Etablissements Bourgogne et Grasset S.A.). At the
closing, the businesses of GPIC, GPI SAS and GPI SAS then wholly-owned
subsidiary, the Bud Jones Company, Inc., or Bud Jones, were combined, with
GPI SAS and Bud Jones becoming wholly-owned subsidiaries of GPIC, or the
Combination. The Combination was accounted for as a purchase transaction for
financial accounting purposes. Because the former GPI SAS stockholders owned a
majority of the outstanding GPIC common stock as a result of the Combination,
the Combination was accounted for as a reverse acquisition in which GPI SAS was
the purchaser of GPIC. On December 31, 2002, Bud Jones merged into GPI
USA, which was a wholly-owned subsidiary of GPIC and GPI USA was the surviving
entity. Bud Jones was a gaming supply manufacturing company, which was also
headquartered in Las Vegas. Both former operations (GPI USA and Bud Jones) were
consolidated into one facility at the Company s headquarters in Las Vegas,
Nevada with the new name of GPI USA. (See Part II Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1.) 

 The table below reflects information for the year
ended December 31, 2002 which includes information for GPI SAS, the former
Bud Jones Company, Trend Plastics, T-K Specialty Company, Inc. for
the entire year and the former Paul-Son Gaming Corporation and its
subsidiaries from September 12, 2002. The years ended December 31,
2003 to 2006 include full years for all entities described above. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

2003 

2002 

(in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Operations statement data: 

Revenues 

73,954 

57,121 

44,585 

36,171 

21,861 

Cost of revenues(1) 

49,580 

36,154 

28,682 

23,773 

15,171 

Gross profit 

24,374 

20,967 

15,903 

12,398 

6,690 

Selling, general and administrative expenses(1) 

15,893 

15,128 

11,827 

10,656 

7,206 

Restructuring and costs associated with Combination 

622 

Operating income (loss) 

8,481 

5,839 

4,076 

1,742 

(1,138 

Gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions 

(349 

133 

(155 

(292 

(529 

Interest income 

410 

162 

39 

3 

16 

Interest expense 

(175 

(199 

(253 

(264 

(232 

Other income, net 

145 

149 

59 

145 

112 

Total other income (expense) 

31 

245 

(310 

(408 

(633 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

8,512 

6,084 

3,766 

1,334 

(1,771 

Income tax expense 

3,383 

1,756 

1,152 

101 

383 

Net income (loss) 

5,129 

4,328 

2,614 

1,233 

(2,154 

Earnings (loss)
 per share: 

Basic 

0.64 

0.55 

0.34 

0.16 

(0.42 

Diluted 

0.62 

0.53 

0.34 

0.16 

(0.42 

Weighted-average
 shares of common stock outstanding: 

Basic 

7,974 

7,829 

7,608 

7,595 

5,131 

Diluted 

8,226 

8,179 

7,754 

7,672 

5,131 

22 

December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

2003 

2002 

(in thousands) 

Balance
 sheet data: 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

5,888 

4,573 

8,012 

4,186 

2,333 

Marketable
 securities 

4,710 

9,075 

4,971 

2,580 

1,329 

Working capital 

14,787 

9,563 

12,230 

7,327 

6,240 

Property and
 equipment, net 

14,567 

11,212 

9,469 

8,658 

9,500 

Total assets 

46,969 

48,716 

39,225 

28,596 

28,157 

Current
 liabilities 

11,454 

20,825 

13,960 

9,219 

8,672 

Long-term debt, less
 current maturities 

2,749 

1,892 

2,856 

1,563 

3,576 

Stockholders 
 equity(2) 

32,584 

25,999 

21,620 

17,814 

15,478 

(1) Certain
amounts have been reclassified from Selling, general and administrative
expenses to Cost of revenues; as such they would not have had an impact on net
income or earnings per share. The reclassification related to administrative
expenses associated with our manufacturing facility in Mexico. The amounts
reclassified were 2,065,000 for 2006, 2,014,000 for 2005; 1,433,000 for
2004; 1,386,000 for 2003 and 401,000 for 2002. 

 (2) Cash
dividends paid were approximately 1,011,000 and 787,000 for the periods ended
December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Dividends were not paid in any
other years presented. 

23 

Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

 Recent Developments 

 In July 2006, GPI SAS closed on the purchase of
an existing, two-story building in Beaune, France located near GPI SAS 
existing facility for a purchase price of 650,000 Euros (approximately
 828,000) in order to accommodate the high demand for its gaming chips from
Macau casinos, including particularly RFID chips in both low and high
frequencies. The building serves as the administrative and sales headquarters
and non-gaming chip production facility for GPIC s operations outside of the
United States, resulting in additional space for gaming chip production at GPIC s
existing facility in Beaune, France. GPI SAS has also added several
additional and sophisticated pieces of equipment in order to properly serve the
needs of the Macau casinos that are purchasing RFID and non-RFID gaming chips
from GPI SAS. The new space has allowed GPIC to increase its gaming chip
production capacity without any significant interference with ongoing
production and business operations. 

 In November 2006, GPIC and Progressive Gaming
International Corporation PGIC formed a strategic alliance further
expanding the two companies prior relationship of January 2006 to develop
and market casino currency control equipment incorporating 13.56 MHz RFID
microchip technology. Under the terms of this agreement, PGIC is promoting GPIC
as its exclusive chip manufacturer in the United States and preferred chip
manufacturer abroad. GPIC is the sole chip manufacturer dedicated by PGIC to
sell 13.56 MHz RFID based peripheral readers in the United States and abroad. Additionally,
the two companies agreed to further integrate equipment, software and other
products and technologies that make use of PGIC s 13.56 MHz RFID platform. GPIC
and PGIC are working closely to develop and accelerate the availability of more
comprehensive management and tracking systems to enable casinos to make greater
use of the data provided by RFID embedded casino currency. 

 In anticipation of several
large potential orders in the fourth quarter of 2006 from an existing
customer in Macau, GPI SAS maintained its labor force for full
production; however, the orders were unexpectedly delayed. Results for the
fourth quarter of 2006 were negatively impacted due to higher expenses
resulting from increased labor costs as GPI SAS could not immediately reduce
its labor force under French laws. The Company had expected
to begin to recognize revenue from these orders in the first
quarter of 2007. The potential orders remain unsigned and first
quarter results will show a significant loss. 

 Overview 

 Gaming Partners International Corporation, a Nevada
corporation GPIC and each of its subsidiaries are sometimes collectively
referred to herein as the Company, us, we, or our. The following
discussion is intended to assist in the understanding of our results of
operations and our present financial condition. The consolidated financial
statements and the accompanying notes contain additional detailed information
that should be referred to when reviewing this material. Statements in this
discussion may be forward-looking. Such forward-looking statements involve
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ significantly
from those expressed. See Item 1A, Risk Factors. 

 A Combination Agreement was executed on September 12,
2002, combining GPIC (formerly known as Paul-Son Gaming Corporation) with
GPI SAS (formerly known as Etablissements Bourgogne et Grasset S.A.). At the
closing, the businesses of GPIC, GPI SAS and GPI SAS then wholly-owned
subsidiary, the Bud Jones Company, Inc. Bud Jones were combined, with
GPI SAS and Bud Jones becoming wholly-owned subsidiaries of GPIC, or the
Combination. The Combination was accounted for as a purchase transaction for
financial accounting purposes. Because the former GPI SAS stockholders owned a
majority of the outstanding GPIC common stock as a result of the Combination,
the Combination was accounted for as a reverse acquisition in which GPI SAS is
the purchaser of GPIC. On December 31, 2002, Bud Jones merged into GPI
USA, which was a wholly-owned subsidiary of GPIC and GPI USA was 

24 

the surviving entity. Bud
Jones was a gaming supply manufacturing company, which was also headquartered
in Las Vegas. Both former operations (GPI USA and Bud Jones) have been
consolidated into one facility at the Company s headquarters in Las Vegas,
Nevada with the new name of GPI USA. (See Part II Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1.) 

 Our business activities include the manufacture and/or
supply of gaming equipment and supplies such as gaming chips, table layouts,
playing cards, dice, gaming furniture, roulette wheels, table accessories and
other products that are used with casino table games such as blackjack, poker,
baccarat, craps and roulette. We generally sell our casino products to licensed
casinos for new openings and to existing casino operations, worldwide. We are
headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada, with offices in Beaune, France; San Luis
Rio Colorado, Mexico; Atlantic City, New Jersey and Gulfport, Mississippi. 

 Our products on display at the 2006 Global Gaming Expo
in Las Vegas, Nevada and the 2007 ICE show in London, England included our
gaming chips with embedded RFID technology in high and low frequency and
corresponding chip readers. We have been working for several years to apply the
RFID technologies to gaming chips. RFID microchips are available for each
brand and type of our gaming chips. We hold several patents concerning the
embedding process of RFID microchips and an exclusive license for the
manufacturing and selling of these RFID gaming chips and readers for chip
tracking in the United States. We also sell several types of related RFID
gaming chip readers that can be used by the casinos at the cages, vaults,
tables, or by the pit bosses. Our gaming chips with embedded RFID microchips
and readers help to protect the casinos from redeeming counterfeit or stolen
chips and to improve the efficiency of table game management. 

 The following are
the most important factors and trends that contribute to our operating
performance: 

 A
number of foreign countries are currently considering legislation to legalize
or expand gaming. Such legislation presents potential opportunities to sell our
gaming supplies to new properties and thus increase revenue. The timing and
occurrence of these events remain uncertain. Therefore, we may experience
quarters that are more profitable than others due to the timing and nature of
new casino openings and expansions throughout the world. There has also been
accelerated expansion of United States based gaming companies overseas. Of
particular importance has been the opening of new casinos and expansions of
existing casinos in Macau in 2006 and the anticipated openings in 2007. 

 The
receipt of higher volume orders enhances our profit margins through production
efficiencies. The timing and occurrence of these orders remain uncertain and
difficult to predict. Therefore, we may experience quarters that are more
profitable than others due to the timing and volume of product demand. 

 The
introduction of new technologies such as high frequency RFID is always a
challenge, as a ramp up period is necessary to increase the manufacturing
efficiency and bring such efficiencies to the level reached in other
technologies for which accumulated experience has already allowed significant
cost reduction. 

 The level of desire or
acceptance, or lack thereof, for our product innovations regarding our security
features and various degrees of desire for increased efficiency of table
management information systems by the casino industry are important factors to
our Company. In particular, the increased acceptance of RFID gaming chips for
accounting, security, tracking, and wager recognition in table games may be a
significant trend, impacting our business. 

25 

Results of
Operations 

 The
following table summarizes selected items from the Company s Consolidated
Statements of Income as a percentage of revenues for the periods indicated: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Revenues 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Cost of revenues (1) 

67.0 

63.3 

64.3 

Gross profit 

33.0 

36.7 

35.7 

Selling, general
 and administrative expenses (1) 

21.5 

26.5 

26.6 

Operating income 

11.5 

10.2 

9.1 

Gain (loss) on
 foreign currency transactions 

(0.5 

0.2 

(0.3 

Interest income 

0.6 

0.3 

0.1 

Interest expense 

(0.2 

(0.3 

(0.5 

Other income, net 

0.1 

0.3 

0.1 

Income tax
 expense 

(4.6 

(3.1 

(2.6 

Net income 

6.9 

7.6 

5.9 

(1) Certain amounts have
been reclassified from Selling, general and administrative expenses to Cost of
revenues; as such they would not have had an impact on net income or earnings
per share. The reclassification related to administrative expenses associated
with our manufacturing facility in Mexico. These amounts as a percentage of
revenue were 3.5 for 2005 and 3.2 for 2004. 

 The
following table details the Company s historical revenues by product line: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

(in thousands) 

Revenues: 

Casino chips 

53,605 

37,959 

26,566 

Table layouts 

5,124 

4,949 

4,516 

Playing cards 

4,183 

3,906 

4,440 

Gaming furniture 

2,918 

2,576 

1,843 

Dice 

2,555 

2,711 

2,669 

Table accessories and other products 

5,569 

5,020 

4,551 

Total 

73,954 

57,121 

44,585 

Comparison of
Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 

 Revenues For the year ended December 31, 2006, revenues
were 74.0 million, an increase of approximately 16.8 million, compared to
revenues of 57.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2005. Of this
increase, 16.3 million was attributable to GPI SAS and principally the result
of higher sales in Asia. Sales by GPI USA amounted to 31.5 million for the
year 2006, an increase of .5 million. 

 Cost
of Revenues Cost of
revenues, as a percentage of sales, increased to 67.0 for 2006, compared to
63.3 for 2005. The increase in cost of revenues as a percentage of sales
occurred principally as a result of the cost associated with starting
production on new product lines to fulfill large orders from Asia. 

 Gross
Profit Gross
profit for the year ended December 31, 2006 increased by approximately
 3.4 million from 2005. This occurred as a result of the aforementioned
increase in revenues of approximately 16.8 million offset by the increase in
cost of revenues as a percentage of sales. 

26 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 

2006 

Revenue 

2005 

Revenue 

Product
 development 

422 

0.6 

330 

0.6 

Marketing and
 sales 

4,316 

5.8 

4,284 

7.5 

Depreciation and
 amortization 

1,427 

1.9 

1,292 

2.3 

General and
 administrative (1) 

9,728 

13.2 

9,222 

16.1 

Total selling,
 general and administrative expenses 

15,893 

21.5 

15,128 

26.5 

(1) Certain amounts have
been reclassified from General and administrative expenses to Cost of revenues;
as such they would not have had an impact on net income or earnings per share.
The reclassification related to administrative expenses associated with our
manufacturing facility in Mexico. For the year ended 2005, 2,014,000 or 3.5 
of revenue has been reclassified. 

 Selling, general and
administrative expenses, which include product development; marketing and
sales; depreciation and amortization; and general and administrative costs,
increased to 15.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2006 from
 15.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2005. This increase of
approximately 800,000 was primarily attributable to an increase in general and
administrative expenses. The increase in general and administrative expenses
was primarily the result of an increase in salary expense in both GPI USA and
GPI SAS of approximately 442,000 as a result of additional personnel,
promotions and an overall salary increase of 6 for 2006; a one-time expense to
the Louisiana sales tax authorities of 421,000 as a result of audits from
several parishes which resulted in payments exceeding sales tax collected; an
increase in the reorganization and relocation expense at GPI SAS of
approximately 165,000 due to the purchase of the new building; and, an
increase in legal fees at GPI USA of approximately 158,000 due to the
resolution of several legal matters. These increases were offset by a decrease
in stock compensation expense. Expense recorded in 2005 was approximately
 778,000 relating to the 100,000 performance-based options granted to the Chief
Executive Officer that vested due to performance conditions being met. Stock
compensation expense recorded in 2006 of approximately 234,000 was due to the
adoption of SFAS 123(R) Share-Based Payment . 

 Other Income (Expense) 

Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 

2006 

Revenue 

2005 

Revenue 

Gain (loss) on
 foreign currency transactions 

(349 

(0.5 

133 

0.2 

Interest income 

410 

0.6 

162 

0.3 

Interest expense 

(175 

(0.2 

(199 

(0.3 

Gain on sale of
 marketable securities 

138 

0.1 

102 

0.2 

Other income, net 

7 

0.0 

47 

0.1 

Total other income
 (expense) 

31 

0.0 

245 

0.5 

During the year ended December 31, 2006, other
income (expense), including gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions,
interest income, gains on sales of marketable securities, and other income
(expense) decreased to 31,000 from 245,000 for the year ended December 31,
2005. This net decrease of 214,000 was principally the result of the change in
foreign currency exchange rates, resulting in a loss of 349,000 in 2006
compared to a gain of 133,000 in 2005. Foreign currency transaction losses
occurred as a result of the decrease in the U.S. dollar to Euro exchange rates
during 2006. Gain on the sale of marketable securities increased by 36,000
between the periods. Interest income showed an increase of 248,000 primarily
due to the interest earned on marketable securities held in 2006. Interest
expense decreased to 

27 

175,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2006, from 199,000 for the year ended December 31,
2005. This decrease of 24,000 was primarily caused by a decrease in the
average outstanding debt amounts in 2006 as compared to 2005 due to normal
payments. 

 Income Taxes During the year ended December 31, 2006, our
effective tax rate was 39.7 as compared to 28.9 for the year ended December 31,
2005. The increase in our effective rate for the year ended December 31,
2006 was primarily a result of the foreign dividend inclusions and related
valuation of foreign tax credits. The Company s effective tax rate for the year
ended December 31, 2006 differed from the statutory rate as a result of
the Company s repatriation of non-cash dividend from GPI SAS and the related
increase in the valuation allowance related to foreign tax credits which are
expected to expire before usage. The Company s effective tax rate for the year
ended December 31, 2005 differed from the statutory rate as a result of a
change in the valuation allowance to reflect the expected utilization of
federal net operating loss carry forwards, the Company s repatriation of
non-cash dividend from GPI SAS, and book-to-return adjustments primarily
resulting from a refinement of the Company s previous estimate of deemed
dividends under IRC Sec 956. It is likely that in the future the Company will
distribute additional non-cash dividends from GPI SAS to GPI USA. If such
dividends occur the Company will generate excess foreign tax credits, which
will carry forward for 10 years. The utilization of the foreign tax credits
will depend upon the Company s ability to generate foreign source income
prospectively. 

 Comparison of
Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2005 and 2004 

 Revenues For the year ended December 31, 2005, revenues
were approximately 57.1 million, an increase of approximately 12.5 million,
versus revenues of approximately 44.6 million for the year ended December 31,
2004. The increase in revenues for 2005 was principally the result of GPI SAS 
sales to new casinos in Asia of approximately 8.0 million. Sales by GPI
USA amounted to 31.0 million for the year 2005, an increase of
approximately 5.0 million, primarily as a result of sales to a new casino
that opened in Las Vegas of approximately 1.8 million, sales to a
wholesaler totaling 1.0 million and large reorders of approximately 2.2 million. 

 Cost
of Revenues Cost of
revenues, as a percentage of sales decreased to 63.3 for 2005, compared to
64.3 for 2004. The decrease in cost of revenues as a percentage of sales
occurred principally due to the better absorption of fixed costs due to the
higher sales volume, and the increased efficiency achieved by the realignment
and restructuring of our production facilities. 

 Gross Profit Gross profit for the year ended December 31,
2005 increased by approximately 5.0 million from 2004. This occurred as a
result of the aforementioned increase in revenues of approximately 12.5 million
and the decrease in cost of revenues as a percentage of sales. 

 Selling, general and administrative 

Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 

2005 

Revenue 

2004 

Revenue 

Product
 development 

330 

0.6 

259 

0.6 

Marketing and
 sales 

4,284 

7.5 

3,768 

8.5 

Depreciation and
 amortization 

1,292 

2.3 

1,158 

2.6 

General and
 administrative (1) 

9,222 

16.1 

6,642 

14.9 

Total selling,
 general and administrative expenses 

15,128 

26.5 

11,827 

26.6 

(1) Certain amounts have
been reclassified from General and administrative expenses to Cost of revenues;
as such they would not have had an impact on net income or earnings per share. The
reclassification related to administrative expenses associated with our
manufacturing facility in 

28 

Mexico. For years ended
2005 and 2004, 2,014,000 and 1,433,000, respectively, have been reclassified
which represents 3.5 and 3.2 , respectively, of revenue. 

 Selling, general and
administrative expenses, which include product development; marketing and
sales; depreciation and amortization; and general and administrative costs,
increased to approximately 15.1 million for the year ended December 31,
2005 from approximately 11.8 million for the year ended December 31,
2004. This increase of 3.3 million was primarily attributable to an
increase in general and administrative expenses of 2.7 million. The
increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily the result of
one-time expenses of 2.7 million; consisting of stock compensation
expense of 778,000, due to 100,000 shares of performance-based options which
vested in fourth quarter of 2005; 122,000 in NASDAQ National Market listing
expenses; 344,000 in building repairs in our Las Vegas, Mexico and France
facilities; 346,000 in salary adjustments and reorganization costs; and
 352,000 in information technology. Additionally, we incurred expenses of
 525,000, which were related to work performed towards future compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and 48,000 related to new patent acquisition
costs. We also incurred costs of 241,000 related to the Hurricane Katrina and
Rita disasters, of which 191,000 was related to the increase in the bad debt
reserve on receivables due from casinos and 50,000 was related to donations. Additionally,
product development and marketing and sales expenses increased 587,000. The
increases were mainly due to costs associated with sales commissions of
 160,000 related to the increase in sales, the cost of reorganization of
personnel in France of 353,000, and the cost of remodeling the Global Gaming
Expo Convention booth of 74,000. 

 Other Income (Expense) 

Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 

2005 

Revenue 

2004 

Revenue 

Gain (loss) on
 foreign currency transactions 

133 

0.2 

(155 

(0.3 

Interest income 

162 

0.3 

39 

0.1 

Interest expense 

(199 

(0.3 

(253 

(0.5 

Gain on sale of
 marketable securities 

102 

0.2 

55 

0.1 

Other income, net 

47 

0.1 

4 

0.0 

Total other
 income (expense) 

245 

0.5 

(310 

(0.6 

During the year ended December 31, 2005, other
income (expense) increased to 245,000 in income from 310,000 in expense
during the year ended December 31, 2004. This increase of 555,000 was
principally the result of the change in foreign currency exchange rates,
resulting in a loss of 155,000 in 2004 and a gain of 133,000 in 2005. Foreign
currency transaction gains occurred as a result of an increase in the U.S.
dollar to Euro exchange rates during 2005. Interest income increased by
 123,000 primarily due to the interest earned on a higher balance of marketable
securities in 2005. Gain on sale of marketable securities increased by 47,000
between the periods. For the year ended December 31, 2005, interest
expense decreased to approximately 199,000 from approximately 253,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2004. This decrease of approximately 54,000 was
primarily caused by a decrease in the average outstanding debt amounts in 2005
as compared to 2004, due to normal payments. 

 Income Taxes During the year ended December 31, 2005, we
recorded an income tax expense of approximately 1.8 million as compared
to a tax expense of approximately 1.2 million for the year ended December 31,
2004. The increase in income tax expense for the year ended December 31,
2005 was primarily a result of the Company s higher foreign income. The Company s
effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2005 differed from the
statutory rate as a result of a change in the valuation allowance to reflect
the expected utilization of federal net operating loss carry forwards, the
Company s repatriation of non-cash dividend from GPI SAS, and book-to-return
adjustments primarily resulting from 

29 

a refinement of the
Company s previous estimate of deemed dividends under IRC Sec 956. It is likely
that in the future the Company will distribute additional non-cash dividends
from GPI SAS to GPI USA. If such dividends occur, it is likely that the Company s
net operating losses will be diminished, and that the Company will generate
excess foreign tax credits, which will carry forward for 10 years. The
utilization of the foreign tax credits will depend upon whether the Company
generates foreign source income prospectively. 

 Liquidity and
Capital Resources 

 Overview We
believe that the combination of cash flow from operations and cash on hand
should be sufficient to fund expenses from routine operations for a minimum of
the next twelve months. As of December 31, 2006, we had 5.9 million
in cash and cash equivalents and 4.7 million in current marketable
securities. For the longer term, in addition to these cash sources, management
will evaluate other cash source alternatives, including other lending
facilities in the United States or abroad. Due to negative tax consequences,
there may be difficulty in moving cash between France and the United States. There
can be no assurance that the other cash sources will be available to us on
terms and conditions acceptable to us. 

 Working
Capital and Cash Flow (See Consolidated Balance Sheets) Working capital totaled approximately 14.8 million
at December 31, 2006, compared to approximately 9.6 million at December 31,
2005. Working capital increased by approximately 5.2 million in 2006
primarily due to a decrease in current assets of 4.1 million, offset by
an decrease in current liabilities of 9.3 million. Overall, cash
increased by approximately 1.3 million from December 31, 2005 to December 31,
2006. 

 The decrease in total current assets in 2006 was due
primarily to a decrease in marketable securities of 4.4 million. This was
related to the decrease in current liabilities in 2006 in customer deposits of
approximately 9.3 million. 

 Net
Cash Flow (See Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow) Net cash flow used in operating
activities was 1.3 million during 2006 compared to net cash provided by
operating activities of 9.0 million during 2005. The 10.3 million
decrease is primarily due to a 17.7 million decrease in cash provided
from customer deposits offset by a 7.0 million increase in cash provided
from inventories and accounts receivable. 

 Our investing activities resulted in net cash provided
of 1.1 million for 2006, compared to net cash used of 10.6 million
in 2005. During 2006, we show net proceeds of 6.4 million due to the sale
of marketable securities as compared to net cash used to purchase marketable
securities in 2005 of 6.4 million. In addition, we used cash of 5.3 million
to purchase property and equipment to facilitate increased production as
compared to cash utilized in 2005 of 3.8 million for the acquisition of
property and equipment. 

 Net cash flow provided by financing activities was
 1.2 million during 2006 compared to net cash used in financing activities
of 1.1 million during 2005. The 2.3 million increase is primarily
due to an increase of 593,000 in cash provided from stock option exercises and
an increase of 1.9 million related to proceeds from long term debt. 

 Long-Term
Debt (See Consolidated Balance Sheets) In February 2001, GPI SAS
borrowed approximately 2.2 million from an unaffiliated party. Principal
and interest payments are due quarterly until February 2008. Interest
accrues at the fixed rate of 5.1 per annum. The loan is guaranteed by our
majority stockholder, Holding Wilson, S.A. Under the terms of the GPI SAS loan
agreement, GPI SAS must comply with certain financial covenants that are
calculated annually based on the financial statements of GPI SAS. Specifically,
GPI SAS ratio of total loans and similar debt (inclusive of capital lease
obligations) to operating cash flow (defined under French GAAP as operating
income before depreciation 

30 

and provisions) must not
exceed 1.7, and the ratio of total loans and similar debt (inclusive of capital
lease obligations) to stockholders equity must not exceed 0.5. GPI SAS actual
ratio of total loans and similar debt (inclusive of capital lease obligations)
to operating cash flow and ratio of total loans and similar debt (inclusive of
capital lease obligations) to stockholders equity were 0.27 and 0.17,
respectively, as of December 31, 2006. 

 In March 2002, GPI USA entered into a 995,000
loan transaction secured by a Deed of Trust on its Las Vegas building, which
matures on March 1, 2012, at an interest rate equal to the greater of (i) 8 
per annum, or (ii) 362.5 basis points over the average of the London
Interbank Offered Rates for six-month dollar deposits in the London market
based on quotations of major banks, or LIBOR, but may not exceed 12 per annum.
This loan is payable in arrears in equal monthly installments through and
including March 1, 2012, at which time the entire remaining principal
balance of approximately 883,000 will be due and payable. There is no
prepayment penalty. 

 On May 7, 2004, GPI SAS entered into a 350,000
Euro (approximately 423,000) loan transaction, with Banque Nationale de Paris,
a French bank, for the purposes of building expansion in France. Monthly
principal and interest payments are 4,720 Euro; with a fixed interest rate of 3.6 per annum. The loan is secured by a mortgage on the
building premises and is due May 2011. 

 In June 2006, GPI SAS entered into a 1.5 million
Euro (approximately 1.9 million) loan agreement with Lyonnaise de Banque,
a French bank. The loan has a five-year term at a fixed rate of 3.40 per
annum. The loan is repayable in fixed quarterly installments. The loan is
secured by GPI SAS marketable securities at the bank in which GPI SAS must
maintain a minimum balance of at least 500,000 Euros 658,500 at
December 31, 2006). There are no prepayment penalties or acceleration
payment provisions in the loan agreement. The proceeds of the loan are being
used primarily to purchase (or to replace available cash previously used to
purchase) part of the production equipment that will total approximately 2.0 million
Euros (approximately 2.6 million). The production equipment is being used
to increase the production capacity at GPI SAS facility in France due to
increased demand. GPI SAS has acquired a portion, and is in the process of
acquiring the balance, of the production equipment from several different
manufacturers. 

 Seasonality We do not
typically experience seasonality relative to our revenues, except, potentially,
for the third quarter of each year, when the French location (office and
manufacturing facility) is closed for a substantial part of the month of
August, due to holiday. Due to the high sales volume and related deadlines in
the third quarter of 2006, part of the production employees postponed their
holiday. 

 Las
Vegas, Nevada Facilities In May 1997, we purchased our current corporate
headquarters, an approximately 60,000 square foot building located in Las
Vegas. The Las Vegas headquarters secures the 995,000 loan pursuant to the
Deed of Trust. See Long-Term Debt above. In connection with the Combination,
the former Bud Jones relocated its operations to the Las Vegas headquarters
during the fourth quarter of 2002. In April 2005 we purchased an
approximately one acre parcel of land adjacent to our Las Vegas headquarters
for 800,000 in a cash transaction. This property is being used for additional
employee and visitor parking. 

 San
Lu s Rio Colorado, Mexico Facilities We lease two manufacturing
facilities totaling 66,500 square feet. In April 2004 we extended the
lease for an additional five years at the same monthly rent amount of
approximately 0.35 per square foot, except that the rent amount may be
prorated, commensurate with the space that we elected to use. We also own an
approximately 66,000 square foot facility adjacent to the leased building. (See
Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements Note 13.) 

31 

Beaune,
France Facilities We
own an approximately 34,000 square foot manufacturing and administrative
facility in Beaune, France. In May 2004, GPI SAS entered into a 350,000
Euro (or approximately 423,000) loan agreement, with Banque Nationale de
Paris, a French bank, for building expansion. See Long-Term Debt above. In December 2004,
we entered into a construction contract for a 1,600 square foot additional
expansion which was completed in the second quarter of 2005, to extend the
jeton and plaque production area. 

 In July 2006, we completed the purchase of a two
story building of approximately 10,700 square foot in Beaune, France, located
near our existing facility. We purchased the building for 650,000 Euros
(approximately 828,000) plus certain statutory costs. The building serves as
the administrative and sales headquarters and non-gaming chip production
facility for our operations outside of the United States. The new space allowed
us to increase our gaming chip production capacity in France without any
significant interference with our ongoing business operations. The additional
space created at our existing facility is finished and functional. We used
available cash to pay for the building. 

 Capital Expenditures We currently
plan to purchase approximately 3.0 million in capital equipment and
improvements in 2007. In 2006, we incurred 5.2 million for property,
plant and equipment. Most of this was to increase production capacity of GPI
SAS. 

 Selected Quarterly Financial Information 

Year Ended December 31, 2006 

First 

Second 

Third (1) 

Fourth 

Total 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Net revenues 

18,297 

19,436 

20,135 

16,086 

73,954 

Gross profit (2) 

7,194 

7,181 

5,590 

4,409 

24,374 

Operating income 

3,398 

2,961 

1,623 

499 

8,481 

Net income 

2,080 

2,015 

919 

115 

5,129 

Basic net income
 per common share 

0.26 

0.25 

0.12 

0.01 

0.64 

Diluted net income per
 common share 

0.25 

0.25 

0.11 

0.01 

0.62 

(1) These
amounts have been restated from the amounts previously reported in the Form 10-Q
issued on November 13, 2006. The amounts reported in the 10-Q
included a clerical error of 100,000; in addition, the amounts presented above
include a reclassification between Selling, general and administrative expenses
and Cost of revenues of 379,000. The nine-month information was correct
as originally reported. The previously reported amounts in the previous
quarter were as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

Net revenues 

20,135 

Gross profit 

6,069 

Operating income 

1,723 

Net income 

1,019 

Basic net income
 per common share 

0.13 

Diluted net income per
 common share 

0.12 

32 

Year Ended December 31, 2005 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

Total 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Net revenues 

12,291 

15,187 

13,415 

16,228 

57,121 

Gross profit (2) 

4,431 

6,459 

4,322 

5,755 

20,967 

Operating income
 (loss) 

1,082 

2,820 

455 

1,482 

5,839 

Net income (loss) 

502 

1,482 

246 

2,098 

4,328 

Basic net income
 (loss) per common share 

0.06 

0.19 

0.03 

0.27 

0.55 

Diluted net income
 (loss) per common share 

0.06 

0.18 

0.03 

0.26 

0.53 

(2) Certain amounts have
been reclassified from Selling, general and administrative expenses to Cost of
revenues; as such they would not have had an impact on net income or earnings
per share. The reclassification related to administrative expenses associated
with our manufacturing facility in Mexico. The amounts reclassified were
 2,065,000 for 2006 545,000, 546,000, 535,000 and 439,000 for first,
second third and fourth quarter, respectively) and 2,014,000 for 2005 402,000, 458,000, 604,000, 550,000 for first, second third and fourth
quarter, respectively). 

 In the first, second and third quarters of 2006, the
increases in net revenues were primarily due to large casino openings in Asia. 

 Results
were lower for the fourth quarter 2006 due mainly to an unexpected delay of
large orders from one of GPI SAS Macau customers. GPI SAS was organized for
full production and could not immediately reduce its labor under French labor
laws. 

 Contractual
Obligations and Commercial Commitments 

 The
following table presents the impact that our contractual obligations and
commercial commitments at December 31, 2006 are anticipated to have on our
liquidity and cash flow in future periods. We have no other significant
contractual obligations or commercial commitments either on or off balance
sheet as of December 31, 2006. Operating leases on a month-to-month basis
are not included. (See Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 9.) 

Payments Due by Period 

(in thousands) 

Contractual Obligations 

Total 

Less Than 
 1 Year 

2-3 Years 

4-5 Years 

Beyond 

Long-term debt(1) 

3,747 

1,008 

1,093 

759 

887 

Capital lease
 obligations 

49 

39 

10 

Purchase and
 other commitment obligations(2) 

6,291 

3,158 

1,672 

961 

500 

Interest 

633 

177 

275 

168 

13 

Operating leases 

1,212 

470 

642 

73 

27 

Total Contractual Cash
 Obligations 

11,932 

4,852 

3,692 

1,961 

1,427 

(1) The total represents the
expected cash payments of our long-term debt, including the current portion of
the long-term debt, but excluding any fair value adjustments. 

 (2) Amounts
represent purchase obligations, agreements to purchase goods or services,
obligations that relate to an intellectual property agreement, and employment
agreements that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all
significant terms, including: fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and
the approximate timing of the transaction, but excluding any agreements that
are cancelable without penalty. A portion of the amounts for years 1-4
consists of estimated payments under contractual commitments to purchase
materials. Such estimated payments due are variable 

33 

based on the actual
mix of the materials to be purchased by us and are also subject to increase
based on the supplier s costs. 

 Related Party
Transactions 

 We lease two manufacturing facilities totaling 66,500
square feet located in San Luis Rio Colorado, Mexico from an entity controlled
by the family of the General Manager of GPI Mexicana. The lease was extended in
April 2004, for an additional five years, at the same monthly rent amount
of approximately 0.35 per square foot, or 23,300. If we elect, at our
discretion, to use more or less square footage, our rent will be increased or
decreased accordingly on a pro rata basis. Also, in the second quarter of 2006,
we began renting, on a month-to-month basis, a residential property from the
General Manager s brother at approximately 800 per month. 

 An employee of our manufacturing facility in Mexico
owns and operates a small independent machine shop. In 2006 we used his machine
shop to build small metal parts. For the fiscal year ended December 31,
2006 GPI USA paid this employee, through his business, approximately 30,000. 

 Neither of these employees
is a director nor an executive officer. The charter of the Audit Committee of
the Board of Directors requires the Audit Committee to review and approve
related party transactions involving our directors and executive officers. 

 Critical Accounting
Estimates 

 Our consolidated financial
statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. Certain of our accounting estimates, including
revenue recognition, accounting for stock-based compensation, the depreciable
lives of our assets, the recoverability of deferred tax assets, the allowance
for doubtful accounts receivable, write-downs of obsolete, excess or slow
moving inventories, and the estimated cash flows in assessing the
recoverability of long-lived assets, require that we apply significant
subjective judgment in defining the appropriate assumptions for calculating
financial estimates. By their nature, these judgments are subject to an
inherent degree of uncertainty. Our judgments are based on our historical
experience, terms of existing contracts, our observance of industry trends,
information provided by or gathered from our customers and information
available from other outside sources, as appropriate. There can be no assurance
that actual results will not differ from our estimates. The estimates discussed
below are considered by management to be those in which our estimates and
judgments have a significant impact on issues that are inherently uncertain. To
provide a further understanding of the methodology we apply, our significant
accounting estimates are discussed below and in the notes to our consolidated
financial statements. 

 Revenue Recognition 

 Revenue may be recognized under different methods,
depending on the circumstances. In general, we recognize revenue when the
following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement between our
customer and us exists, shipment has occurred or services have been rendered,
the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collectibility is reasonably
assured. 

 Generally, this means we recognize revenue when our
products are shipped to our customers and title to the products and risk of
loss are transferred according to the shipping terms, at which time, the products
are deemed delivered. Shipping costs billed to our customers have the related
expense included in cost of revenues. We typically sell our products with
payment terms of net 30 days or less and generally require a 50 down payment. 

34 

We offer a limited
standard warranty on some of our products, primarily in France. Warranty
reserves are provided under the accrual basis and are based on estimates of
future costs associated with fulfilling the warranty obligation. The estimates
are derived from historical cost experience. 

 Property and
Equipment 

 We have significant
capital invested in our property and equipment, which represented approximately
31 and 23 , respectively, of our total assets at December 31, 2006 and
2005. Judgments are made in determining the estimated useful lives of assets,
salvage value to be assigned to the assets and if or when an asset has been
impaired. These estimates and the accuracy thereof affect the amount of
depreciation expense recognized in the financial results and whether we have a
gain or a loss on the disposal of the asset. We assign lives to our assets
based on our standard policy, which is established by management as
representative of the useful life of each category of asset. The carrying value
of property and equipment is reviewed whenever events and circumstances
indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable from the
estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual
disposition. The factors considered by management in performing this assessment
include: current operating results, trends and prospects, historical data,
useful life changes, as well as the effect of obsolescence, market price
changes, demand, competition and other economic factors. Our estimates have
been within our expectations of the useful life and depreciation amounts
established. However, a change in our estimates may result in an adjustment to
depreciation expense or to the gain or loss realized on the disposal of assets,
which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of
operations. 

 Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets 

 Effective November 1, 2002, in connection with
the implementation of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142,
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets SFAS 142 ), goodwill and trademarks
with indefinite useful lives are not amortized. We review goodwill and all
intangibles with indefinite lives for impairment, annually as of December 31,
and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of an asset may not be recoverable in accordance with SFAS 142. We
completed the annual goodwill impairment test in 2006, and as a result of this
test, no impairment of goodwill was deemed necessary. Management made its
judgment about the fair value of our goodwill with assistance from an
independent accountant. 

 Other intangible assets such as patents, non-compete
agreements and others with definite lives are amortized using the straight-line
method over their economic useful lives, ranging from three to fourteen years. We
evaluate these intangible assets with definite lives for potential impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not
be recoverable. 

 We would record an
impairment loss if the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not
recoverable and the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value. Factors
that could trigger an impairment review or adjustment to determine if the
carrying value is recoverable include the following: 

 a
significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate 

 an
adverse action or assessment by a regulator 

 unanticipated
competition 

 negative
historical experience 

 a
negative change in the estimate of the useful lives of products 

 technological
obsolescence potential 

 a
negative estimate of the commercial viability of our patents and licenses 

35 

the
loss of key personnel 

 a
significant change in the manner we use our acquired assets or in the strategy
we use in our business operations 

 a
significant decrease in the market price of an asset 

 a
current period operating or cash flow loss, combined with a history of
operating or cash flow losses or a projection or forecast that demonstrates
reduced profitability associated with the use of an asset 

 a
current belief or expectation that, more likely than not, an asset will be sold
or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously
estimated useful life 

 All of these assessments
require management judgment. Any changes in the key assumptions about the
business and its prospects, or changes in the market conditions or other
external conditions, could result in an impairment charge and such charge could
have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations. 

 Deferred Taxes 

 We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred
tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. We have
considered estimated future taxable income and ongoing tax planning strategies
in assessing the amount needed for the valuation allowance. In assessing the
need for a valuation allowance, we look to the future reversal of existing
taxable temporary differences, taxable income in prior carry back years, the
feasibility of tax planning strategies and estimated future taxable income. The
valuation allowance can be affected by changes to tax laws, both foreign and
domestic, changes to statutory tax rates and changes to future taxable income
estimates. 

 The amount of income taxes we pay is subject to
ongoing audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, which may result
in proposed assessments. Our estimate for the potential outcome for any
uncertain tax issue is highly subjective and judgmental. We believe we have
adequately provided for any reasonably foreseeable outcome related to these
matters. However, our future results may include favorable or unfavorable
adjustments to our estimated tax liabilities due to closure of income tax
examinations, new regulatory or judicial pronouncements, or other relevant
events. As a result, our effective tax rate may fluctuate significantly on a
quarterly basis. 

 If actual results differ
unfavorably from those estimates used, we may not be able to realize all or
part of our net deferred tax assets and additional valuation allowances may be
required. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary
differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and
liabilities, applying enacted tax rates expected to be in effect for the year
in which the differences are expected to reverse. We periodically assess the
likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets and reflect
any changes in our estimates in the valuation allowance, with a corresponding
adjustment to earnings or equity, as appropriate. 

 Bad Debt Reserves 

 We recognize an allowance
for doubtful accounts (bad debt reserves) to ensure trade receivables are not
overstated due to uncollectibility. This allowance is maintained for all
customers, and reviewed on an ongoing basis, based on a variety of factors,
including the length of time the receivables are past due, economic conditions
and trends, significant one-time events and historical experience. Various
percentages are applied to the aged receivables. Additional amounts are
recorded to the allowance based on our awareness of a particular customer s
ability to meet its financial obligations. As with many estimates, management
must make judgments about potential actions by third parties in establishing
and evaluating 

36 

our
reserves for bad debts. Our estimates have been within our expectations and the
provisions established. However, a change in the financial condition of
specific customers or in overall trends experienced may result in future
adjustments to our bad debt reserves. 

 Inventory 

 We evaluate our inventory
for slow-moving, excess, and obsolete inventory that may not be saleable or
recoverable. Analysis of inventory levels, market conditions and future sales
forecasts are some of the methodologies for estimating the inventory
write-downs. Historical inventory usage activity, industry trends, and scrap
rates are considered in determining the level of reserves. As with many
estimates, management must make judgments about potential actions by third
parties, including customer demand, in establishing and evaluating our
inventory reserves. 

 Recently Issued
Accounting Standards 

 In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS 123(R) Share-Based
Payment , which replaces SFAS 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation 
and supersedes Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, Accounting for
Stock Issued to Employees APB 25 ). SFAS 123(R) requires companies to
measure compensation costs for share-based payments including stock options, to
employees and non-employees, at fair value and to expense such
compensation over the service period beginning with the first annual period
beginning after June 15, 2005. The pro forma disclosures previously
permitted under SFAS 123 is no longer an alternative to financial statement
recognition. The Company adopted SFAS 123(R) effective January 1,
2006. See Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements Notes 1 and 11. 

 In June 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 FIN
48 ). This Interpretation prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement
attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax
position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return, and provides guidance
on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim
periods, disclosure, and transition. This Interpretation will be effective for
the Company on January 1, 2007, with the cumulative effect of the change
in accounting principle recorded as an adjustment to opening retained earnings.
We have completed an initial evaluation of the impact of the adoption of
FIN 48 and determined that adoption will not have a material impact on our
financial position or result of operations. 

 In September 2006, the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108, Considering
the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in
Current Year Financial Statements SAB 108 ). SAB 108 provides interpretive
guidance on how the effects of the carryover or reversal of prior year
misstatements should be considered by management in quantifying a current year
misstatement by evaluating errors using both a balance sheet and an income
statement approach and concluding whether either approach results in a
misstatement that, when all relevant quantitative and qualitative factors are
considered, is material. SAB 108 is effective for the fiscal years ending after
November 15, 2006. We applied the guidance in SAB 108 in the fourth quarter
of 2006. 

 During our 2006 year-end financial closing process, we
discovered that, as the result of an error related to our conversion of fixed
asset software in late 2003, depreciation was improperly recorded on a group of
assets in 2005 and 2004. This error caused depreciation expense to be
understated by 240,000 and 54,000 for the years ended December 31, 2005
and 2004, respectively. 

 SAB 108 permits the Company to adjust for the
cumulative effect of errors relating to prior years in the carrying amount of
assets and liabilities as of the beginning of the current fiscal year, with an
offsetting adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the year
of adoption. We have analyzed these 

37 

amounts both
quantitatively and qualitatively and have concluded that they are not material
to the periods affected. Accordingly, these errors are reflected as a
cumulative adjustment reduction to retained earnings of 194,000, net of tax,
as of January 1, 2006. 

 In September 2006, the FASB issued Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 158, Employers Accounting for Defined Pension
and Other Postretirement Plans an amendment of FASB Statement No. 87,
88, 106 and 132(R) SFAS 158 ). SFAS 158 requires companies to (1) fully
recognize, as an asset or liability, the overfunded or underfunded status of
defined pensions and other postretirement benefit plans; (2) recognize
changes in the funded status through other comprehensive income in the year in
which the changes occur; (3) measure the funded status of defined pension
and other postretirement benefit plans as of the date of the Company s fiscal
year-end; and (4) provide enhanced disclosures. The provisions of SFAS 158
are effective for our year-end December 31, 2006. The Company has assessed
the impact of the adoption of SFAS 158 on its financial statements. For
additional information about our defined benefit pension and other post
retirement benefit plans, refer to Note 15 of the Consolidated Financial
Statements in our Form 10-K. 

 In February 2007, the
FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 159, The Fair
Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities Including an
Amendment of FASB Statement No. 115 SFAS 159 ). The new statement
allows entities to choose, at specified election dates, to measure eligible
financial assets and liabilities at fair value that are not otherwise required
to be measured at fair value. If a company lacks the fair value option for an
eligible item, changes in that item s fair value and subsequent reporting
periods must be recognized in current earnings. SFAS 159 is effective for
fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007. The Company is currently
evaluating the potential impact of SFAS 159 on our financial position and
results of operations. 

 Item 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . 

 Market risk refers to the potential losses arising
from changes in interest rates, foreign currency fluctuations and exchange
rates, equity prices and commodity prices including the correlation among these
factors and their volatility. We are primarily exposed to foreign currency
fluctuations and exchange risk and interest rate risk. 

 Foreign
Currency Risk There are two types of foreign
currency exchange risks that we may be subject to transaction and translation
gains and losses. Foreign exchange transaction gains or losses are
distinguished from translation gains or losses as follows: (i) translation
adjustments do not involve the movement of cash, they are accounting conversion
calculations of an existing functional currency to a reporting currency and (ii) transaction
gains or losses which are based on an actual transaction that requires formal
payment at a future point in time. 

 We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk
relating to the translation of GPI SAS assets, liabilities, and income and
expense accounts. The translation adjustment for assets and liabilities is
reflected in the accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) caption included
in the stockholders equity section on our consolidated balance sheets. GPI SAS
uses the Euro as its functional currency. 

 The assets and liabilities of GPI SAS were translated
into U.S. dollars at the rate of exchange at December 31, 2006. The income
and expense accounts were translated using the average rate of exchange during
the period. GPI SAS typically incurs gains or losses of specified foreign
currency transactions and these amounts are occasionally material. These gains
and losses are reflected in our statements
of income. The U.S. dollar weakened against the Euro to 0.75800 at December 31,
2006 from 0.84440 at December 31, 2005. For the year ended December 31,
2006, we did not have any forwards, options or other derivative contracts in
force. 

38 

For GPI Mexicana, the U.S. dollar is the functional
currency. Non-monetary assets and liabilities are translated at historical
exchange rates, and monetary assets and liabilities are translated at current
exchange rates. Exchange gains and losses arising from translation are included
in other income, (expense). 

 Because of our significant international operations,
we are exposed to currency fluctuations and exchange risk on all loans and
contracts in foreign currencies. We may engage in hedging as it relates to sale
contracts between GPI SAS and other foreign countries, which have currencies
that are different than the Euro. Although we have not entered into any hedging
agreements during the periods reflected in this report, there is a possibility
that we may enter into a hedging agreement, depending on world money market
conditions and other foreign currency fluctuation considerations. 

 Interest
Rate Risk Changes in interest rates may result
in changes in the fair market value of our financial instruments, interest
income and interest expense. As of December 31, 2006, we had total
interest bearing debt and capital lease obligations of approximately 3.8 million.
Of this amount, approximately 2.9 million has a fixed rate of interest; we
believe that the fair value of these agreements approximate reported amounts. 

 The remaining
approximately 0.9 million of interest bearing obligations has a variable
interest rate which is tied to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), for
six-month dollar deposits, plus 362.5 basis points. For each 1.0 increase
in LIBOR, we would incur increased interest expense of approximately 10,000
over the next twelve-month period. 

 Item
8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data . 

Reports of Independent
 Registered Public Accounting Firms 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at
 December 31, 2006 and 2005 

Consolidated Statements of
 Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity and Other Comprehensive Income for the
 Years Ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

Consolidated Statements of
 Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements 

39 

GAMING
PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 
AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

40 

REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
Gaming Partners International Corporation and Subsidiaries 
Las Vegas, Nevada 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet of Gaming Partners International Corporation (formerly known as Paul-Son
Gaming Corporation) and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31,
2006, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity
and other comprehensive income, and of cash flows for the year ended December 31,
2006. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements based on our audit. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of
material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our
audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a
basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no
such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Gaming
Partners International Corporation and Subsidiaries as of December 31,
2006, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year
ended December 31, 2006, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements, GPIC adopted SFAS No. 123 (Revised 2004), Share
Based Payment, using the modified prospective method. As discussed in
Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded a
cumulative effect adjustment as of January 1, 2006, in connection with the
adoption of the Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108,
 Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying
Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements. 

 / s/ MOSS ADAMS LLP 

 San Diego, California 
May 14, 2007 

41 

REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
Gaming Partners International Corporation 
Las Vegas, Nevada 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet of Gaming Partners International Corporation (formerly known as Paul-Son
Gaming Corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31,
2005, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity
and other comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the two years in the
period ended December 31, 2005. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the financial statements based on our audits. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to
perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis
for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no
such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Gaming
Partners International Corporation and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2005, and the results of their operations
and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31,
2005, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

 / s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 

 Las Vegas, Nevada 
March 28, 2006 

42 

GAMING PARTNERS
INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
December 31, 
(in thousands, except share amounts) 

2006 

2005 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

5,888 

4,573 

Marketable
 securities 

4,710 

9,075 

Accounts
 receivables, less allowance for doubtful accounts of 335 and 398,
 respectively 

4,136 

4,734 

Inventories 

9,251 

9,895 

Prepaid expenses 

404 

623 

Deferred income
 tax asset 

355 

200 

Other current
 assets 

1,497 

1,288 

Total
 current assets 

26,241 

30,388 

Property and equipment,
 net 

14,567 

11,212 

Goodwill 

1,524 

1,386 

Other intangibles, net 

1,245 

1,529 

Deferred income tax
 asset 

2,093 

2,407 

Long-term investments 

683 

1,645 

Other assets, net 

616 

149 

Total
 assets 

46,969 

48,716 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Current
 maturities of long-term debt 

1,047 

716 

Accounts payable 

2,993 

3,483 

Accrued expenses 

4,557 

3,587 

Customer deposits 

1,187 

10,506 

Income taxes
 payable 

870 

1,136 

Deferred income
 tax liability 

623 

1,061 

Other current
 liabilities 

177 

336 

Total
 current liabilities 

11,454 

20,825 

Long-term debt, less
 current maturities 

2,749 

1,892 

Long-term deferred
 income tax liability 

182 

Total
 liabilities 

14,385 

22,717 

Commitments and
 Contingencies (Note 9) 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock,
 authorized 10,000,000 shares, .01 par value, none issued and outstanding 

Common stock,
 authorized 30,000,000 shares, .01 par value, 8,090,901 and 7,898,766,
 respectively, issued and outstanding 

81 

79 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

18,429 

16,904 

Treasury stock,
 at cost, 8,061 shares 

(196 

(196 

Retained earnings 

12,690 

8,766 

Accumulated other
 comprehensive income 

1,580 

446 

Total
 stockholders equity 

32,584 

25,999 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity 

46,969 

48,716 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 43 

GAMING PARTNERS
INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
Years Ended December 31, 
 (in thousands, except
earnings per share) 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Revenues 

73,954 

57,121 

44,585 

Cost of revenues 

49,580 

36,154 

28,682 

Gross profit 

24,374 

20,967 

15,903 

Product
 development 

422 

330 

259 

Marketing and
 sales 

4,316 

4,284 

3,768 

General and
 administrative 

11,155 

10,514 

7,800 

Operating income 

8,481 

5,839 

4,076 

Other income
 (expense) 

Gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions 

(349 

133 

(155 

Interest income 

410 

162 

39 

Interest expense 

(175 

(199 

(253 

Other income, net 

145 

149 

59 

Income before income taxes 

8,512 

6,084 

3,766 

Income tax expense 

3,383 

1,756 

1,152 

Net income 

5,129 

4,328 

2,614 

Earnings per
 share: 

Basic 

0.64 

0.55 

0.34 

Diluted 

0.62 

0.53 

0.34 

Weighted-average shares
 of common stock outstanding: 

Basic 

7,974 

7,829 

7,608 

Diluted 

8,226 

8,179 

7,754 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 44 

GAMING PARTNERS
INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
Years Ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 
(in thousands, except share amounts) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Total 

Comprehensive 

Common Stock 

Paid-In 

Treasury 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Stockholders 

Income 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Stock 

Earnings 

Income (Loss) 

Equity 

Balance, January 1, 2004 

7,594,900 

76 

14,253 

(196 

2,611 

1,070 

17,814 

Net income 

2,614 

2,614 

2,614 

Unrealized loss on securities, net of 1 tax 

(1 

(1 

(1 

Common stock options and warrants exercised 

134,500 

1 

648 

649 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

544 

544 

544 

Total comprehensive income 

3,157 

Balance, December 31, 2004 

7,729,400 

77 

14,901 

(196) 

5,225 

1,613 

21,620 

Net income 

4,328 

4,328 

4,328 

Unrealized gain on securities 

5 

5 

5 

Common stock options and warrants exercised 

169,366 

2 

698 

700 

Vesting of performance-based stock options 

778 

778 

Dividends paid, 0.10 per share 

(787 

(787 

Tax benefit from stock options exercised 

527 

527 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

(1,172 

(1,172 

(1,172 

Total comprehensive income 

3,161 

Balance, December 31, 2005 

7,898,766 

79 

16,904 

(196 

8,766 

446 

25,999 

Net income 

5,129 

5,129 

5,129 

Cumulative effect of adjustments resulting from the
 adoption of SAB 108, net of tax (Note 1) 

(194 

(194 

Unrealized loss on securities 

(3 

(3 

(3 

Common stock options and warrants exercised 

192,135 

2 

761 

763 

Stock compensation expense 

234 

234 

Dividends paid, 0.125 per share 

(1,011 

(1,011 

Tax benefit from stock options exercised 

530 

530 

Pension and other post retirement plans 

71 

71 

71 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

1,066 

1,066 

1,066 

Total comprehensive income 

6,263 

Balance,
 December 31, 2006 

8,090,901 

81 

18,429 

(196 

12,690 

1,580 

32,584 

Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements 

45 

GAMING PARTNERS
INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
Years Ended December 31, 
 (in thousands) 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Cash Flows from Operating
 Activities 

Net income 

5,129 

4,328 

2,614 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

2,151 

1,558 

1,673 

Amortization 

287 

282 

324 

Provision for bad debt 

(80 

128 

(86 

Provision for inventory obsolescence 

71 

253 

(46 

Deferred income taxes 

(164 

(1,126 

(219 

Stock-based compensation expense 

234 

778 

Excess tax benefit on exercise of stock options and
 warrants 

(529 

527 

(Gain) loss on sale/disposal of property and equipment 

(23 

3 

(Gain) on sale of marketable securities 

(139 

(102 

(55 

Change
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

861 

(1,609 

(88 

Inventories 

1,120 

(3,434 

(1,930 

Other current assets, including prepaid expenses 

9 

(782 

(269 

Accounts payable 

(784 

(74 

2,128 

Customer deposits 

(9,947 

7,727 

1,931 

Accrued expenses 

654 

1,168 

602 

Income taxes payable 

16 

(469 

1,534 

Other current liabilities 

(171 

(163 

34 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(1,282 

8,967 

8,150 

Cash Flows from Investing
 Activities 

Purchase of marketable securities 

(23,866 

(29,137 

(12,202 

Proceeds from sale of marketable securities 

30,280 

22,720 

10,009 

Acquisition of property and equipment 

(5,262 

(3,781 

(2,879 

Purchase of intangible assets 

(235 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

30 

52 

(Increase) decrease in other assets 

(66 

(227 

(47 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

1,116 

(10,608 

(5,119 

Cash Flows from Financing
 Activities 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

1,884 

599 

Repayment of long-term debt 

(932 

(1,048 

(794 

Cash dividend distribution 

(1,011 

(787 

Tax benefit from stock options 

529 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net 

764 

700 

649 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

1,234 

(1,135 

454 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

247 

(663 

341 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

1,315 

(3,439 

3,826 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

4,573 

8,012 

4,186 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

5,888 

4,573 

8,012 

Supplemental disclosures
 of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

151 

185 

232 

Cash paid for
 income taxes 

2,712 

3,110 

171 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 46 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 1. Nature of
Business and Significant Accounting Policies 

 Organization and Nature of Business 

 Effective September 1, 2004, Paul-Son
Gaming Corporation completed its name change to Gaming Partners International
Corporation. Gaming Partners International Corporation, a Nevada corporation GPIC and each of its subsidiaries are sometimes collectively referred to herein as
the Company, we, us, or our. The name change was approved by a vote of
stockholders at the Company s annual meeting held on May 26, 2004. The
Company s established brand names such as Paulson , Bourgogne et Grasset ,
or B G, Bud Jones , and T-K 
brands remain unchanged. The Company s subsidiary, Paul-Son Gaming
Supplies, Inc. changed its name to Gaming Partners International U.S.A., Inc.,
or GPI USA. The Company s subsidiary, Etablissements Bourgogne et Grasset
S.A. also changed its name to Gaming Partners International SAS, or GPI SAS. The
Company s subsidiary, Paul-Son Mexicana, S.A. de C.V., changed
its name to GPI Mexicana S.A. de C.V., or GPI Mexicana. 

 A Combination Agreement was executed on September 12,
2002, combining GPIC (formerly known as Paul-Son Gaming Corporation) with
GPI SAS (formerly known as Etablissements Bourgogne et Grasset S.A.). At the
closing, the businesses of GPIC, GPI SAS and GPI SAS then wholly-owned
subsidiary, the former Bud Jones Company, Inc., or Bud Jones, were
combined, with GPI SAS and Bud Jones becoming wholly-owned subsidiaries of
GPIC, or the Combination. The Combination was accounted for as a purchase
transaction for financial accounting purposes. Because the former GPI SAS
stockholders owned a majority of the outstanding GPIC common stock as a result
of the Combination, the Combination was accounted for as a reverse acquisition
in which GPI SAS is the purchaser of GPIC. On December 31, 2002, Bud Jones
merged into GPI USA, which was a wholly-owned subsidiary of GPIC and GPI USA
was the surviving entity. Bud Jones was a gaming supply manufacturing company,
which was also headquartered in Las Vegas. Both former operations (GPI USA and
Bud Jones) have been consolidated into one facility at the Company s
headquarters in Las Vegas, Nevada with the new name of GPI USA. 

 Our business activities
include the manufacture and supply of casino table game equipment and supplies,
including gaming chips, table layouts, playing cards, dice, wheels, gaming
furniture, and miscellaneous table accessories such as chip trays, drop boxes
and dealing shoes, which are used in conjunction with casino table games such
as blackjack, poker, baccarat, craps and roulette. 

 Basis of Consolidation and Presentation 

 The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of GPIC and its wholly-owned subsidiaries GPI SAS, GPI USA and GPI
Mexicana. The assets and liabilities of our inactive former wholly-owned
subsidiary, Authentic Products, Inc. were transferred into GPIC during the
second quarter of 2004. All material intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation. The consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States. 

 A summary of our
significant accounting policies follows: 

 Cash and Cash
Equivalents 

 We consider all highly liquid investments with
maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash and cash
equivalents. 

47 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 1. Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies
(Continued) 

 The Company maintains cash
and cash equivalents at a bank in excess of the federally insured limit of
 100,000. The Company believes it is not exposed to any significant credit
risk. 

 Fair Value of
Financial Instruments 

 The fair value of cash,
accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximates the carrying amount of
these financial instruments due to their short-term nature. The fair value of
long-term debt, which approximates its carrying value, is based on current
rates at which we could borrow funds with similar remaining maturities. 

 Accounts
Receivables and Customer Deposits 

 We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers
and generally require up to a fifty percent deposit for manufactured or
purchased products at the discretion of management. These customer deposits are
classified as a current liability on the consolidated balance sheets. 

 We also maintain an
allowance for doubtful accounts (See Note 12.) We recognize an allowance for
doubtful accounts (bad debt reserves) to ensure trade receivables are not
overstated due to uncollectibility. This allowance is maintained for all
customers, based on a variety of factors, including the length of time the
receivables are past due, economic conditions and trends, significant one-time
events and historical experience. Various percentages are applied to the aged
receivables. Additional amounts are recorded to the allowance based on our
awareness of a particular customer s inability to meet its financial
obligations. 

 Marketable
Securities 

 We account for our
investments in marketable securities in accordance with Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 115, Accounting For Certain Investments in Debt
and Equity Securities SFAS 115 ). Under SFAS 115, our securities are
classified as available-for-sale and, as such, are carried at fair value with
unrealized holding gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported within
accumulated other comprehensive income. The first-in, first-out method is used
to determine the cost of securities disposed of. Marketable securities consist
of investments in securities offered by French banks, primarily bond portfolios.
These investments are primarily held with one major financial institution in
our name. 

 Inventories 

 Inventories are stated at
the lower of cost or market, net of write-downs for slow-moving, excess and
obsolete items. Cost is determined using the weighted-average method in France
and the first-in, first-out method in the United States. Finished goods
inventories consist of dice, cards, chips, other gaming equipment and supplies. 

48 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 1. Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies
(Continued) 

 Property and
Equipment 

 Property and equipment are
stated at cost, net of depreciation. We include capitalized lease equipment in
our property and equipment for financial statement purposes. Depreciation is
computed primarily on the straight-line method for financial reporting purposes
over the following estimated useful lives: 

Years 

Buildings and
 improvements 

10-40 

Furniture and
 equipment 

3-12 

Vehicles 

4- 7 

Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets 

 Effective November 1, 2002, in connection with
the implementation of SFAS 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, 
economic goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful lives are not amortized.
We review goodwill and all intangible assets with indefinite lives for
impairment, annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable in accordance with
SFAS 142. We completed the annual goodwill impairment test as of December 31,
2006 and December 31, 2005, and as a result of this test, no impairment of
goodwill was deemed necessary. 

 Other intangible assets
such as patents, non-compete agreements and others with definite lives are
amortized, using the straight-line method over their economic useful lives, up
to fourteen years. We evaluate these intangible assets with definite lives for
potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the
carrying value may not be recoverable. 

 Debt 

 We include obligations
from capitalized leases in our long and short-term debt captions for financial
statement purposes. 

 Revenue Recognition 

 Revenue is recognized when products are shipped to our
customers, according to the shipping terms. We typically sell our products with
payment terms of net 30 days or less. 

 We offer a
limited standard warranty on some of our products, primarily in France. Sales
returns and warranty reserves are provided under the accrual basis and are
based on estimates of future costs associated with fulfilling the warranty
obligation. The estimates are derived from historical cost experience. Sales
returns were not material for us for the periods presented. 

 Income Taxes 

 We use SFAS 109, Accounting for Income Taxes, for
financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. A current tax liability or
asset is recognized for the estimated taxes payable or refundable on tax
returns for the current year. A deferred tax liability or asset is recognized
for the estimated future tax effects, based on provisions of the enacted law,
attributable to temporary differences and carry forwards. 

49 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 1. Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 GPIC and our subsidiaries
file separate income tax returns in our respective jurisdictions. Income taxes
are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the consolidated
financial statements and consist of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes
related primarily to differences between the basis of assets and liabilities
acquired for financial and income tax reporting. The deferred tax assets and
liabilities represent the future tax consequences of those differences, which
will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are
recovered or settled. Deferred taxes also are recognized for operating losses
that are available to offset future income taxes. 

 Foreign Currency
Transactions 

 The financial statements of GPI SAS are measured using
the Euro as the functional currency. Assets and liabilities of GPI SAS are
translated into the U.S. dollar at exchange rates as of the balance sheet date.
Revenues and expenses are translated into the U.S. dollar at average rates of
exchange in effect during the year. The resulting cumulative translation
adjustments have been recorded in accordance with the provisions of SFAS 52, Foreign
Currency Translation and are shown within accumulated other comprehensive
income. 

 For GPI Mexicana, the U.S. dollar is the functional
currency. Non-monetary assets and liabilities are translated at historical
exchange rates, and monetary assets and liabilities are translated at current
exchange rates. Exchange gains and losses arising from translation are included
in other income, (expense). 

 Transaction gains and
losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions with third
parties denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are
included in the results of operations as incurred. 

 Comprehensive
Income 

 Comprehensive income
includes net income, unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale
securities recorded net of tax, pension related costs, and cumulative foreign
currency translation adjustments. 

 Estimates 

 The preparation of
consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles generally requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. Estimates and assumptions have been made in determining
the depreciable lives of assets, the recoverability of deferred tax assets, the
allowance for doubtful accounts receivable, write-downs of slow moving, excess
and obsolete inventories, estimates for the recoverability of long-lived
assets, litigation, claims and assessments; and/or the recoverability of
goodwill. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. 

50 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 1. Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies
(Continued) 

 Long-Lived Assets 

 In accordance with SFAS 144, Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, we review long-lived assets and
certain identifiable intangibles for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be
recoverable. In general, we will recognize an impairment loss when the sum of
undiscounted expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of
such assets. The measurement for such an impairment loss is then based on the
fair value of the assets. We had no impairment losses for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2006. 

 Assets are grouped and
evaluated for impairment at the lowest level for which there is identifiable
cash flows, which are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of
assets. We operate in only one primary marketplace (legalized casinos), it has
only one identifiable business segment with a centralized business operation,
and all cash flows are generated by this one segment and are not disaggregated.
(See Note 14 for the presentation of the one business segment by
geographic area.) Long-lived assets are principally real estate and
production assets. 

 Stock-Based
Compensation 

 In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS 123(R) Share-Based
Payment , which replaces SFAS 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation 
and supersedes Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, Accounting for
Stock Issued to Employees APB 25 ). SFAS 123(R) requires companies to
measure compensation costs for share-based payments including stock options, to
employees and non-employees, at fair value and to expense such compensation
over the service period beginning with the first annual period beginning after June 15,
2005. The pro forma disclosures previously permitted under SFAS 123 is no
longer an alternative to financial statement recognition. 

 Prior to the adoption of SFAS 123(R), we accounted for
share-based awards under the APB 25 intrinsic value method, which resulted in
compensation expense being recorded only for performance based options granted
to the Chief Executive Officer. Prior period financial statements have not been
adjusted to reflect fair value expense of share-based compensation for awards
issued prior to the adoption of SFAS 123(R). 

 On January 1, 2006, the Company adopted SFAS
123(R), using a modified prospective application. Accordingly, prior period
amounts have not been restated. For the year ended December 31, 2006, we
recognized share-based compensation for all current award grants and for the
unvested portion of previous award grants based on the previously determined
grant date fair values. The Company attributes expense for fair value
share-based payments on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the
awards, for pro forma disclosure prior to and post adoption of SFAS
123(R). 

 We use historical data and projections to estimate
expected employee behaviors related to option exercises and forfeitures. SFAS
123(R) requires that forfeitures be estimated at the grant date and
reflected in current expense measurements. Prior to adopting SFAS 123(R), we
reduced pro forma share-based compensation expense when forfeitures occurred.
The cumulative effect of forfeitures related to previous SFAS 123 pro forma
expense was not material. 

51 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Note 1. Nature
of Business and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 We estimate the fair value
of each stock option award on the grant date using the Black-Scholes valuation
model incorporating the assumptions. Option valuation models require the input
of highly subjective assumptions, and changes in assumptions used can
materially affect the fair value estimate. Expected volatility and dividends
are based on historical factors related to our common stock. The expected term
considers the contractual term of the options as well as the historical
exercise and termination behavior. Risk free rate is based on United States
Treasury rates appropriate for the expected term. 

 Earnings per Share
or EPS 

 In accordance with SFAS 128, Earnings per Share, 
basic EPS is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted-average number
of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS reflects the effect of
potential common stock, which consists primarily of assumed stock option and
warrant exercises. Potentially dilutive securities are not taken into account
when their effect would be antidilutive. 

 We have outstanding
certain stock options to purchase common stock, which have an exercise price
greater than the average market price. These antidilutive options have been
excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share for the
respective fiscal years. 

 Reclassifications 

 Certain 2004 and 2005 amounts have been reclassified
to conform to the 2006 presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on
revenues, net income, or total assets. 

 These reclassifications
include administrative expenses incurred by our manufacturing facility in
Mexico, which were initially recorded as general and administrative expenses in
the prior years and are now in cost of revenues; interest income which was
previously shown in other income, net; and the consolidated balance sheet
presentation of long-term marketable securities to be consistent with the 2006
presentation. 

 Recently Issued
Accounting Standards 

 In June 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes, an Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 FIN 48 ). This Interpretation prescribes a recognition threshold and
measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return, and provides
guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting
in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. This Interpretation will
be effective for the Company on January 1, 2007, with the cumulative
effect of the change in accounting principle recorded as an adjustment to
opening retained earnings. We have completed an initial evaluation of the impact
of the adoption of FIN 48 and determined that adoption will not have a material
impact on our financial position or results of operations. 

 In September 2006, the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108, Considering
the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in
Current Year Financial Statements SAB 108 ). SAB 108 provides interpretive
guidance on how the effects of the carryover or reversal of prior year
misstatements should be considered by management in 

52 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 1. Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies
(Continued) 

 quantifying a current year
misstatement by evaluating errors using both a balance sheet and an income
statement approach and concluding whether either approach results in a
misstatement that, when all relevant quantitative and qualitative factors are
considered, is material. SAB 108 is effective for the fiscal years ending after
November 15, 2006. We applied the guidance in SAB 108 in the fourth
quarter of 2006. 

 During our 2006 year-end financial closing process, we
discovered that, as the result of an error related to our conversion of fixed
asset software in late 2003, depreciation was improperly recorded on a group of
assets in 2005 and 2004. This error caused depreciation expense to be
understated by 240,000 and 54,000 for the years ended December 31, 2005
and 2004, respectively. 

 SAB 108 permits the Company to adjust for the
cumulative effect of errors relating to prior years in the carrying amount of
assets and liabilities as of the beginning of the current fiscal year, with an
offsetting adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the year
of adoption. We have analyzed these amounts both quantitatively and
qualitatively and have concluded that they are not material to the periods
affected. Accordingly, these errors are reflected as a cumulative adjustment
reduction to retained earnings of 194,000, net of tax, as of January 1,
2006. 

 In September 2006, the FASB issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 158, Employers Accounting for Defined
Pension and Other Postretirement Plans an amendment of FASB Statement No. 87,
88, 106 and 132R SFAS 158 ). SFAS 158 requires companies to (1) fully
recognize, as an asset or liability, the overfunded or underfunded status of
defined pension and other postretirement benefit plans; (2) recognize
changes in the funded status through other comprehensive income in the year in
which the changes occur; (3) measure the funded status of defined pension
and other postretirement benefit plans as of the date of the Company s fiscal
year-end; and (4) provide enhanced disclosures. The provisions of SFAS 158
are effective for our year-end December 31, 2006. We have assessed the
impact of the adoption of SFAS 158 on its financial statements. For additional
information about our defined benefit pension and other post retirement benefit
plans, refer to Note 15 of the Consolidated Financial Statements in our Form 10-K. 

 In February 2007, the
FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 159, The Fair
Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities-Including an
Amendment of FASB Statement No. 115 SFAS 159 ). The new statement
allows entities to choose, at specified election dates, to measure eligible
financial assets and liabilities at fair value that are not otherwise required
to be measured at fair value. If a company lacks the fair value option for an
eligible item, changes in that item s fair value and subsequent reporting
periods must be recognized in current earnings. SFAS 159 is effective for
fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007. We are currently
evaluating the potential impact of SFAS 159 on our financial position and
results of operations. 

53 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 2. Marketable
Securities 

 Marketable
securities consist of investments in securities offered by French banks,
primarily bond portfolios. As of December 31, marketable securities
consisted of the following (in thousands): 

2006 

2005 

Cost 

Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Gain 

Fair 
 Value 

Cost 

Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Gains 

Fair 
 Value 

Current
 marketable securities 

4,707 

3 

4,710 

9,066 

9 

9,075 

Long-term marketable
 securities 

683 

683 

1,645 

1,645 

Long-term marketable
securities include 500,000 Euros 658,500 at December 31, 2006) which
must be maintained as a minimum balance as security for a loan obtained in June 2006.
See Note 8. 

 Note 3. Inventories 

 Inventories
consist of the following at December 31 (in thousands): 

2006 

2005 

Raw materials 

7,198 

6,356 

Work in process 

1,486 

2,302 

Finished goods 

1,731 

2,272 

10,415 

10,930 

Less: inventory
 valuations reserves 

(1,164 

(1,035 

Inventories 

9,251 

9,895 

Note 4. Other
Current Assets 

 Other
current assets consist of the following at December 31 (in thousands): 

2006 

2005 

Refundable
 value-added tax 

425 

533 

Current deposits 

984 

732 

Other assets 

88 

23 

Other current assets 

1,497 

1,288 

Note 5. Property and
Equipment 

 Property
and equipment consist of the following at December 31 (in thousands): 

2006 

2005 

Land 

1,763 

1,645 

Buildings and
 improvements 

7,797 

5,790 

Furniture and
 equipment 

17,261 

13,104 

Vehicles 

740 

656 

27,561 

21,195 

Less: accumulated
 depreciation 

(12,994 

(9,983 

Property and equipment,
 net 

14,567 

11,212 

54 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 5. Property and Equipment (Continued) 

 Depreciation expense for
the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 was 2,151,000,
 1,558,000 and 1,673,000, respectively. 

 Note 6. Goodwill and
Other Intangible Assets: 

 Goodwill and other
intangible assets consist of the following at December 31 (in thousands): 

December 31, 2006 

December 31, 2005 

Gross 
 Carrying 
 Amount 

Accum. 
 Amortization 

Net 
 Carrying 
 Amount 

Gross 
 Carrying 
 Amount 

Accum. 
 Amortization 

Net 
 Carrying 
 Amount 

Estimated 
 Useful Life 
 (Years) 

Goodwill (1) 

1,591 

(67 

1,524 

1,450 

(64 

1,386 

Indefinite 

Trademarks 

620 

(37 

583 

620 

(37 

583 

Indefinite 

Patents 

1,242 

(725 

517 

1,242 

(628 

614 

8 to
 14 

Customer
 relationships 

432 

(357 

75 

432 

(296 

136 

7 

Non-compete 
 agreements 

730 

(660 

70 

730 

(534 

196 

5 to
 6 

Subtotal other 
 intangibles 

3,024 

(1,779 

1,245 

3,024 

(1,495 

1,529 

Total intangibles 

4,615 

(1,846 

2,769 

4,474 

(1,559 

2,915 

(1) The amount of goodwill
related to GPI SAS for 2006 and 2005 above, included the net effect of foreign
currency exchange of 150,000 and 12,000, respectively. 

 Amortization expense for
the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 was 287,000, 282,000
and 324,000, respectively. 

Estimated Amortization Expense for the 
 Years Ending December 31, 

(in thousands) 

2007 

222 

2008 

122 

2009 

77 

2010 

31 

2011 

31 

Thereafter 

179 

Total 

662 

55 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Note 7. Accrued
Expenses 

 Accrued expenses consist
of the following at December 31 (in thousands): 

2006 

2005 

Accrued salaries
 and wages 

1,223 

977 

Accrued vacation,
 bonuses and other employee costs 

2,807 

1,846 

Accrued interest 

6 

9 

Accrued sales
 taxes 

132 

157 

Accrued sales
 commissions 

100 

148 

Other accrued
 expenses 

289 

450 

Accrued expenses 

4,557 

3,587 

Note 8. Long-Term
Debt and Pledged Assets 

 Long-term debt consists of
the following at December 31 (in thousands): 

2006 

2005 

Note payable due
 to a commercial bank in quarterly installments of 80,638 Euros 106,200 at
 December 31, 2006) including interest of 3.4 through June 2011 

1,793 

Note payable due
 to a commercial bank in quarterly installments of 110,659 Euros 147,738 at
 December 31, 2006) including a fixed interest rate of 5.10 through
 February 2008. This note is guaranteed by the majority stockholder 

702 

1,103 

Note payable to
 bank in monthly installments of approximately 7,300 including variable
 interest (approximately 9.125 and 8.0 at December 31, 2006 and 2005 respectively)
 commencing April 1, 2002 with a maturity date of March 1, 2012 and
 an approximate 883,000 balloon payment. The note is secured by a first deed
 of trust on our headquarters in Las Vegas, Nevada 

948 

959 

Note payable to
 commercial bank, at a fixed rate of 3.6 , payable in monthly installments of
 4,720 Euros 6,216 at December 31, 2006) through May 2011,
 collateralized by office and production buildings in France 

304 

328 

Other capital
 lease obligations with varying fixed rates and maturities 

49 

152 

Capital lease
 obligation payable for equipment, fixed interest rate of 8.309 payable in
 monthly installments of approximately 11,000 through March 4, 2006 

37 

Various notes
 payable to commercial banks, with fixed interest rates from 3.5 to 5.4 with
 principal and interest payments due monthly through 2006 

29 

Principal balance 

3,796 

2,608 

Less: current
 portion 

(1,047 

(716 

Long-term debt 

2,749 

1,892 

In June 2006, GPI SAS entered into a 1.5 million
Euro (approximately 1.9 million) loan agreement with a French bank. The
loan has a five-year term at a fixed rate of 3.40 per annum. The loan is
repayable in fixed quarterly installments. The loan is secured by GPI SAS 
marketable securities at the bank in which GPI SAS must maintain a minimum
balance of at least 500,000 Euros (see Note 2). There are no prepayment
penalties or acceleration payment provisions in the loan agreement. The
proceeds of the loan are being used primarily to purchase (or to replace
available cash previously used to purchase) 

56 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 8. Long-Term Debt and Pledged Assets (Continued) 

 part of the production
equipment that will total approximately 2.0 million Euros (approximately
 2.6 million). The production equipment is being used to increase the
production capacity at GPI SAS facility in France due to increased demand. 

 In February 2001, GPI SAS borrowed approximately 2.2 million
from an unaffiliated party. Principal and interest payments are due quarterly
until February 2008. Interest accrues at the fixed rate of 5.1 per annum. The
loan is guaranteed by our majority stockholder, Holding Wilson, S.A. Under the
terms of the GPI SAS loan agreement, GPI SAS must comply with certain financial
covenants that are calculated annually based on the financial statements of GPI
SAS. Specifically, GPI SAS ratio of total loans and similar debt (inclusive of
capital lease obligations) to operating cash flow (defined under French GAAP as
operating income before depreciation and provisions) must not exceed 1.7, and
the ratio of total loans and similar debt (inclusive of capital lease
obligations) to stockholders equity must not exceed 0.5. GPI SAS actual ratio
of total loans and similar debt (inclusive of capital lease obligations) to
operating cash flow and ratio of total loans and similar debt (inclusive of
capital lease obligations) to stockholders equity were 0.27 and 0.17,
respectively, as of December 31, 2006. 

 GPI USA entered into a 995,000 loan transaction with
a federal savings bank on March 5, 2002. The interest rate equals the
greater of 8 per annum Floor Rate or 362.5 basis points over the average
of the London Interbank Offered Rates LIBOR for six month dollar deposit in
the London market based on quotations of major banks. The interest rate shall
not be less than the Floor Rate or more than 12 per annum, nor shall the
interest rate increase or decrease by more than two percentage points per annum
during any twelve month period or one-half percentage point per annum during
any three month period. The maturity date is March 1, 2012. The Loan is
payable in arrears in equal monthly installments of principal and interest of
approximately 7,300 (based upon a thirty year amortization schedule) beginning
April 1, 2002 and continuing on the first day of each month through and
including March 1, 2012, at which time the entire remaining principal
balance of approximately 883,000 will be due and payable. The Loan is secured
by a Deed of Trust, Security Agreement, Assignment of Rents and Fixture Filing Deed of Trust encumbering the Company s Las Vegas, Nevada headquarters. GPIC
executed a Guaranty in favor of this federal savings bank by which GPIC
guaranteed the obligations of GPI USA under the Loan and Deed of Trust and the
related loan documents executed in connection with the Loan. The Loan may now
be prepaid in part or in whole at any time without a prepayment premium. The
Deed of Trust restricts GPI USA from encumbering or transferring (1) the
Company s Las Vegas, Nevada headquarters; and (2) ownership interests in
GPI USA. Further, the Deed of Trust also grants to this federal savings bank a
security interest in GPI USA s personal property, including, but not limited
to, inventory, machinery, furniture, fixtures, licenses and income. 

 On May 7, 2004, GPI SAS entered into a 350,000
Euro (approximately 423,000 at the May 7, 2004 exchange rate) loan
transaction with a French bank, for the purposes of building expansion in
France. Monthly principal and interest payments are 4,720 Euro; with an interest rate is 3.6 , fixed per annum.
 The loan is secured by a
mortgage on the building premises and is due May 2011. 

57 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 8. Long-Term Debt and Pledged Assets (Continued) 

 Estimated annual principal
maturities of long-term debt and future minimum payments under capital lease
obligations at December 31, 2006 are as follows (in thousands): 

Capital 
 Leases 

Long-Term 
 Debt 

2007 

44 

1,008 

2008 

10 

610 

2009 

483 

2010 

501 

2011 

258 

Thereafter 

887 

Total 

54 

3,747 

Less: amount
 representing interest 

(5 

Present value of
 minimum lease payments 

49 

Less: current
 portion 

(39 

Long-term portion of
 obligations under capital leases 

10 

Note 9. Commitments
and Contingencies 

 Operating Lease Obligations 

 The following is a
schedule by years of future minimum lease payments under operating leases as of
December 31, 2006 (in thousands): 

2007 

470 

2008 

418 

2009 

224 

2010 

46 

2011 

27 

Thereafter 

27 

Total minimum lease
 payments 

1,212 

Rent expense totaled
 361,000, 267,000 and 285,000 for the years ended December 31, 2006,
2005 and 2004, respectively. 

 Legal Proceedings and Contingencies 

 We are engaged in disputes and claims arising in the
normal course of business. We believe the ultimate outcome of these proceedings
will not have a material adverse impact on the consolidated financial position
or results of operations. 

 On or about August 25, 2006, the Company received a 60
day notice from the Center for Environmental Health CEH ), a private
environmental advocacy firm, stating that CEH intended to bring suit against
the Company in California for alleged failure to provide a warning required
under the California Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 Proposition 65 or the Act ). Previously, a number of card room operators
throughout California received similar 60 day notice letters 

58 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) 

 from CEH alleging they
failed to meet warning requirements contained in the Act. We have sold gaming
chips to some of these card room operators. The Act requires, among other
things, that certain businesses in California must provide a clear and
reasonable warning if they expose persons to chemical listed by the State of
California as a carcinogen and/or reproductive toxicant, unless the business
can demonstrate the exposure is below a No Significant Risk Level for that
chemical. Failure to provide the warning can be enforced by the government or
private citizens in an action for civil penalties and injunctive relief. In
this case, the environmental group alleges that gaming chips contain lead
and/or lead compounds and that no warning was given by the card room operators
to its employees or customers. We have engaged outside counsel who is pursuing
discussions with counsel for CEH. We have entered into a joint defense
agreement with several of the card room operators and a tolling agreement with
CEH in order to continue discussions. No litigation has been commenced in the
matter to date. In the meantime, we are now providing a Proposition 65 warning
on all gaming chips sold in the State of California. We are pursuing rigorous
efforts to reformulate our gaming chips to eliminate the need to provide such
warnings in connection with future chip sales. While the maximum amount of
statutory penalties for failing to provide a required Proposition 65 warning
are substantial, based on our preliminary analysis, we do not believe that our
liability, if any, in this matter will have a material adverse effect on us or
our business, operations or financial position. 

 The Company underwent sales tax audits for four
parishes in the state of Louisiana. As of December 31, 2006, all sales
taxes were paid and current. The only unresolved issues concern the calculation
and assessment of interest and penalties in two parishes for which an accrual
has been made at December 31, 2006. 

 On April 5, 2007, a
putative class action complaint alleging violations of federal securities laws
based on alleged misstatements and omissions by the Company, entitled Natalie Gordon v. Gerard P. Charlier, Paul S. Dennis,
Eric P. Endy, Alain Thieffry, Elisabeth Carrette, Robert J. Kelly, Charles R.
Henry, Laura McAllister Cox and Gaming Partners International Corporation, 
was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada, under
Case No. 2:07-cv-00448-RCJ-RJJ. The complaint seeks
class certification, unspecified damages, costs and expenses, and
equitable relief against the Company, its directors and certain executive
officers. The complaint was served on the Company on April 6, 2007. The
Company has engaged counsel and intends to vigorously defend against the claims
presented. 

 Commitments 

 On October 25, 2001, GPI SAS entered into an
exclusive patent license agreement with Enpat, Inc. The subject patents
were subsequently sold by Enpat, Inc. to Shuffle Master Inc. in the fourth
quarter of 2004. Thereafter, in the second quarter of 2005, Shuffle Master Inc.
sold 50 of its rights in the subject patents to International Game Technology
and later the other 50 of its rights in the subject patents also to International
Game Technology. The agreement grants GPI SAS (and its affiliated GPIC
companies) the exclusive rights to manufacture and distribute gaming chips and
readers in the United States under the patents for a gaming chip tracking system
and method, which utilizes gaming chips with embedded electronic circuits
scanned by antennas in gaming chip placement areas (gaming tables and casino
cage), or RFID technology. The duration of the exclusive agreement is for the
life of the patents, the last of which expire in 2015. Minimum annual royalty
payments of 125,000 are required to be made by GPIC over the remaining life of
the exclusive patent license agreement. 

59 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Note 9. Commitments
and Contingencies (Continued) 

 On November 3, 2005,
GPI USA entered into an exclusive purchase agreement with a supplier
for particular raw materials used to manufacture finished goods. The
supplier agreed to not compete in the sale of these finished goods in the
United States during the five-year term of the agreement. GPI USA was required
to purchase a certain amount of raw material initially, 569,000 in the first
year, and 711,000 per year for the years two through five of the agreement.
The prices negotiated under this agreement represent prevailing market prices
at the time of the agreement. As of December 31, 2006, GPIC had purchased
more than the minimum required by the agreement. 

 Employment Agreements 

 The Company has employment
agreements with key employees which include severance commitments in the event
the Company terminates the employee without cause. Total commitments under the
agreements aggregate to approximately 467,000 as of December 31, 2006. 

 Note 10. Income
Tax Matters 

 The Company accounts for
income taxes using the asset and liability approach required by SFAS 109. The asset and liability approach
requires the recognition of deferred income tax liabilities and assets for the
expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying
amounts of and the tax basis of the Company s assets and liabilities. Future
income tax benefits attributable to temporary differences are recognized to the
extent that realization of such benefits is more likely than not. These future
tax benefits are measured by applying currently enacted tax rates. The
following table provides an analysis of the Company s provision for income
taxes for the years ended December 31 (in thousands): 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Current: 

U.S. Federal 

50 

(274 

U.S. State 

(9 

(5 

36 

France 

2,929 

2,794 

1,609 

Total Current 

2,920 

2,839 

1,371 

Deferred: 

U.S. Federal 

355 

(1,036 

41 

U.S. State 

(6 

32 

4 

France 

114 

(79 

(264 

Total Deferred 

463 

(1,083 

(219 

Provision for
 income taxes 

3,383 

1,756 

1,152 

Pre-tax income (loss)
consisted of the following (in thousands): 

2006 

2005 

2004 

U.S.A. 

40 

(5 

(266 

France 

8,472 

6,089 

4,032 

Pre-tax income 

8,512 

6,084 

3,766 

60 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 10. Income Tax Matters (Continued) 

 A reconciliation of our
income tax expense as compared to the tax expense calculated by applying the
statutory federal tax rate to the income before income taxes for the years
ended December 31 is as follows: 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Computed expected
 income tax expense 

34.0 

34.0 

34.0 

Adjustments: 

Foreign dividends
 and IRC Sec 78 and 956 inclusions net of foreign tax credits 

(13.4 

31.9 

16.6 

State taxes 

0.1 

0.4 

0.7 

Change in
 valuation allowance 

18.9 

(35.9 

(16.0 

French gain
 (loss) on U.S. note receivable 

(0.5 

4.2 

(3.1 

Subpart F income
 adjustment 

1.2 

(6.8 

Other, net 

(0.6 

1.1 

(1.6 

Income tax expense 

39.7 

28.9 

30.6 

In 2005 and 2006, GPI USA received non-cash dividends
from GPI SAS. In addition, management intends to distribute additional future
non-cash dividends from GPI SAS to GPI USA. Management believes that the
taxable income resulting from these dividends will result in full utilization
of prior accumulated losses in the United States. Accordingly, we have not
provided a valuation allowance related to United States operating losses and
other deferred tax assets, exclusive of foreign tax credits. The aforementioned
dividends generate foreign tax credits which expire in 2015 and 2016 if not
utilized. The Company has established a valuation allowance related to these
foreign tax credits for amounts which are estimated to expire before usage. 

 For state income tax purposes, the Company has
approximately 151,000 in net operating loss carry forwards. These net
operating loss carry forwards expire in 2007 through 2021. The determination of
the state net operating loss carry forwards is dependent upon the federal net
operating loss, apportionment percentages and other respective state laws,
which can change year to year and impact the amount of the state net operating
loss carry forwards. Utilization of such federal and state net operating losses
is subject to certain limitations under federal and state income tax laws. The
Company continues to record a full valuation allowance on state deferred assets
due to the uncertainty of future state taxable income. 

61 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 10. Income Tax Matters (Continued) 

 The primary components of
the net deferred income tax assets at December 31 were as follows (in
thousands): 

2006 

2005 

Deferred tax assets: 

Operating loss
 carry forwards 

155 

988 

Bad debt reserves
 and inventory 

564 

609 

French deferred
 assets 

552 

479 

Stock
 compensation 

362 

284 

Intangibles 

384 

357 

Tax credits 

5,417 

2,432 

Foreign Currency
 Translation 

135 

203 

Other 

109 

78 

Total gross
 deferred tax assets 

7,678 

5,430 

Less: valuation
 allowance 

(4,178 

(1,664 

Total net
 deferred tax assets 

3,500 

3,766 

Deferred
 tax liabilities: 

Excess book basis
 in shares of GPI SAS 

1,393 

1,693 

Fixed assets 

59 

101 

French deferred
 liabilities 

379 

394 

Other 

26 

32 

Total deferred
 tax liabilities 

1,857 

2,220 

Deferred tax
 asset (liability), net 

1,643 

1,546 

We have provided deferred
taxes on the excess book basis in the shares of GPI SAS, as the Company intends
to distribute non-cash dividends from our French subsidiary in 2007. 

 GPIC and GPI USA are being
audited by the United States Internal Revenue Service for the tax year 2004. We
are not aware of any concerns or findings. 

 The French Tax
Administration has completed their audit of GPI SAS for tax years 2004, 2005
and 2006. On March 29, 2007, we received a notice seeking additional taxes
of 550,963 Euros 735,354 at March 31, 2007) be paid based on their
findings. GPI SAS disagrees with their analysis and expects a significant
reduction or possible elimination of the additional tax sought by the French
Tax Administration. 

 Note 11. Stock
Option Programs, Warrants and Stock-Based Compensation Expense 

 Stock Option
Programs and Warrants 

 We have stock option programs, which consist of the
1994 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan and the 1994 Directors 
Stock Option Plan (the Directors Plan ). The Incentive Plan provides for the
grant of stock options to executive officers, key employees, outside
consultants and employee-directors. On July 29, 1996, the Board of
Directors amended and the stockholders subsequently approved an increase in the
aggregate shares issuable under the Incentive Plan to 1,000,000 from 500,000
shares. In general, an initial option grant under the Incentive Plan vests over
a four year period, with one-fourth of the option 

62 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 11. Stock Option Programs, Warrants and Stock-Based Compensation
Expense (Continued) 

 grant
vesting at the end of each year, however, the vesting schedule for individual
participants may vary. The options granted under the Incentive Plan expire 10
years after the date of the grant. 

 The Directors Plan, as
amended in September 2002, provides that each non-employee director, upon
joining the Board of Directors, will receive an option to purchase 6,000 shares
of common stock. In October 2003, the Board of Directors amended and the
stockholders subsequently approved an amendment to the Directors Plan to: (i) increase
the number of shares of our common stock for which options may be granted to
150,000, an increase of 75,000, and (ii) extend the expiration date of the
plan to January 31, 2009 from January 31, 2004, an increase of five
years. The initial option grant vests over a 3-year period, with
one-third of the option grant vesting at the end of each year. At the beginning
of the fourth year of service on the Board of Directors, and each year
thereafter, each non-employee director receives an annual grant to purchase
2,000 shares of common stock. In addition, each year each non-employee director
receives options to purchase 1,500 shares of common stock for serving on the
following committees of the Board of Directors for at least six months prior to
the date of grant: the Audit Committee; the Compensation Committee; and the
Compliance Committee. No option is exercisable sooner than six months and one
day after the date of the grant. The options expire on the tenth anniversary of
the date of grant, nine months after retirement or two years after death. Options
covering 20,500 shares were granted to non-employee directors during the period
of January 1, 2006 through December 31, 2006, at a weighted-average
exercise price of 18.97 per share. The following is a summary of option
activity for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2005 and 2006: 

Options 
 Outstanding 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Remaining 
 Contractual 
 Terms 

Aggregate 
 Intrinsic 
 Value 
 (in 000 s) 

Outstanding at
 December 31, 2003 

558,000 

4.94 

Granted 

12,500 

8.44 

Canceled 

(2,000 

3.40 

Exercised (1) 

(79,500 

8.18 

Outstanding at December 31, 2004 

489,000 

4.92 

Granted 

28,500 

14.28 

Canceled 

Exercised (2) 

(89,866 

7.77 

Outstanding at December 31, 2005 

427,634 

4.95 

Granted 

20,500 

18.97 

Canceled 

Exercised (3) 

(100,634 

7.58 

Outstanding at December 31, 2006 (4) 

347,500 

5.02 

5.6 years 

4,563 

Exercisable at
 December 31, 2006 (4) 

131,500 

5.97 

5.0 years 

1,598 

(1) Does not include
warrants of 55,000 that were exercised during the fourth quarter of 2004. 

 (2) Does not include
warrants of 79,500 that were exercised during 2005. 

63 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Note 11. Stock
Option Programs, Warrants and Stock-Based Compensation Expense (Continued) 

 (3) Does not include
warrants of 91,501 that were exercised during 2006. 

 (4) All warrants have been
exercised or expired as of December 31, 2006 

 A maximum of 1,000,000 and 150,000 shares, of common
stock have been reserved for issuance under the Incentive Plan and the
Directors Plan, respectively. The Incentive Plan expired on January 30,
2004, except as to the stock options outstanding on that date. None of the
options can be granted at less than the fair market value of our common stock
on the date of grant. 

 Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement, our
Chief Executive Officer was granted 100,000 stock options in 2002 under
our Incentive Plan, which vest if and when we report audited net profit after
tax of at least 2.0 million. These performance-based options are
therefore subject to variable accounting. Compensation expense of 778,000 was
recorded in the fourth quarter of 2005 when we assessed that it was probable
that the performance vesting condition would be met. The compensation expense
was measured based on the intrinsic value of the performance options as of December 31,
2005. 

 Prior to the Combination with GPI SAS, GPIC had
granted options, warrants, or other convertible securities or rights to
purchase GPIC common stock to some of GPI USA s employees and directors. As
part of the consideration for the GPI SAS shares in connection with the
Combination, GPIC issued to the former stockholders of GPI SAS, antidilutive
warrants to purchase that number of shares of GPIC common stock which equals
the total number of shares of GPIC common stock issuable pursuant those
options, warrants, or other convertible securities or rights to purchase GPIC
common stock which were outstanding immediately prior to the closing. The
former stockholders of GPI SAS can only exercise those antidilutive warrants,
however, if, when and to the extent that GPIC issues common stock upon exercise
or conversion of any of those options, warrants, securities or rights. The
antidilutive warrants will expire 30 days after the date on which GPIC
notifies the antidilutive warrant holder that the last of those options,
warrants, securities or rights has been exercised, canceled or terminated. The
purpose of the warrants is to provide antidilutive protection to the former
stockholders of GPI SAS in the event any of those options, warrants, securities
or rights are exercised after the closing. 

 The former GPI SAS
stockholders were issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 459,610 shares,
of which 84,610 warrants were immediately exercised at the close of the
Combination, 55,000 warrants were exercised in the fourth quarter of 2004, and
79,500 warrants were exercised during 2005 and 91,501 were exercised during
2006. In addition, 149,000 warrants were cancelled or terminated on November 17,
2005. As such, there were no warrants remaining at December 31, 2006. 

 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 

 The
following table summarizes our reported share-based compensation expense
included in our consolidated statements of income as of December 31, 2006: 

General and
 administrative stock option share-based compensation 

234,180 

Tax benefit 

(84,305 

Total share-based
 compensation, net of tax 

149,875 

64 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 11. Stock Option Programs, Warrants and Stock-Based Compensation
Expense (Continued) 

 The
following table compares net income, including SFAS 123(R) share-based
compensation net of tax of 149,875, reported as of December 31, 2006
compared to the prior period s pro forma SFAS 123 fair value compensation for
the years 2005 and 2004, respectively, net of tax, under which no compensation
cost was required to be recognized, (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Reported net
 income 

5,129 

4,328 

2,614 

Pro forma
 stock-based compensation, net of tax 

501 

Additional pro
 forma stock-based compensation, net of tax 

(565 

(97 

Comparative net
 income 

5,129 

4,264 

2,517 

Basic EPS as
 reported 

0.64 

0.55 

0.34 

Basic EPS (prior
 year pro forma) 

0.64 

0.54 

0.33 

Diluted EPS as
 reported 

0.62 

0.53 

0.34 

Diluted EPS (prior year
 pro forma) 

0.62 

0.52 

0.32 

A
summary of the status of the Company s stock option plans at December 31,
2006, 2005 and 2004 is presented in the table below: 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Option valuation assumptions: 

Dividend yield 

None 

None 

None 

Expected
 volatility 

98.3 

111.9 

64.0 

Risk free
 interest rate 

4.79 

4.73 

3.63 

Expected term of
 options 

5.6 

5.6 

2.0 

Weighted average
 fair value of options granted during the year 

14.31 

11.20 

1.67 

Exercises
 under all share-based payment arrangements: 

Cash received,
 net 

764,074 

699,431 

649,000 

Tax benefit realized for
 tax deductions from option exercises 

529,000 

527,000 

For the year ended December 31,
2006, the total intrinsic value of options exercised was 1,321,831; the total
intrinsic value of warrants exercised was 1,816,571. 

 As of December 31,
2006, there was a total of 192,526 of unrecognized compensation expense
related to stock options, which cost is expected to be recognized as follows: 

2007 

113,248 

2008 

60,564 

2009 

18,714 

Thereafter 

Total 

192,526 

65 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 12. Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts 

 We
record, based on periodic reviews of our accounts receivables, allowances for
estimated uncollectible trade accounts receivable. A summary of provisions for
estimated bad debts and the related write-offs related to the allowance for
doubtful accounts are as follows (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

Beginning 
 of Year 
 Balance 

Provisions 

Write-offs, 
 Net of 
 Recoveries 

End 
 of Year 
 Balance 

2006 

398 

(63 

335 

2005 

296 

189 

(87 

398 

2004 

382 

37 

(123 

296 

Note 13. Related
Party Transactions 

 We lease two manufacturing facilities totaling 66,500
square feet located in San Luis Rio Colorado, Mexico from an entity controlled
by the family of the General Manager of GPI Mexicana. The lease was extended in
April 2004, for an additional five years, at the same monthly rent amount
of approximately 0.35 per square foot, or 23,300. If we elect, at our
discretion, to use more or less square footage, our rent will be increased or
decreased accordingly on a pro rata basis. Also, in the second quarter of 2006,
we began renting, on a month-to-month basis, a residential property from the
General Manager of GPI Mexicana s brother at approximately 800 per month. 

 An employee of our manufacturing facility in Mexico
also owns and operates a small independent machine shop. In 2006, we used his
machine shop to build small metal parts. For the fiscal year ended December 31,
2006, GPI USA paid this employee, through his business, approximately 30,000. 

 Neither of these two
employees are a director nor an executive officer. The charter of the Audit
Committee of the Board of Directors requires the Audit Committee to review and
approve related party transactions involving our directors and executive
officers. 

66 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 14. Business
Segments 

 SFAS 131, Disclosures
about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information, requires public
business enterprises to report selected reporting information about operating
segments in annual financial statements and requires public business
enterprises to report selected information about operating segments in interim
and annual financial reports. We manufacture and sell casino table game
equipment and have determined that we operate in one operating segment casino
game equipment products. The segment is comprised of the following product
lines: casino chips, table layouts, playing cards, gaming furniture, dice, and
table accessories and other products. Although the Company derives its revenues
from a number of different product lines, the Company does not allocate
resources based on the operating results from the individual product lines nor
does it manage each individual product line as a separate business unit. The
following tables present certain data by geographic area as of and for the
years ended December 31 (in thousands): 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Net sales to external
 customers: 

U.S.A. 

29,369 

28,675 

23,609 

Europe 

6,697 

4,802 

4,921 

Asia 

33,595 

20,523 

12,513 

Other (1) 

4,293 

3,121 

3,542 

Total consolidated net
 sales to external customers 

73,954 

57,121 

44,585 

(1) Includes Canada, Africa,
Australia, South America and other countries. 

 The
following table represents our net sales by product line for the years ended December 31
(in thousands): 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Revenues: 

Casino chips 

53,605 

37,959 

26,566 

Table layouts 

5,124 

4,949 

4,516 

Playing cards 

4,183 

3,906 

4,440 

Gaming furniture 

2,918 

2,576 

1,843 

Dice 

2,555 

2,711 

2,669 

Table accessories and other products 

5,569 

5,020 

4,551 

Total 

73,954 

57,121 

44,585 

Sales by GPI USA are to casinos primarily in the
United States and represent our entire product line; sales generated by GPI SAS
are primarily casino chips sold to casinos in Asia and Europe. One customer
comprised 19 , 29 and 14 of our total revenue for 2006, 2005 and 2004,
respectively. In 2006, a different customer represented 18 of our revenue. 

67 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 14. Business Segments (Continued) 

 The following table
represents our property and equipment by geographic area as of December 31
(in thousands): 

2006 

2005 

Property and equipment,
 net: 

United States 

5,832 

6,311 

France 

7,351 

3,547 

Mexico 

1,384 

1,354 

Total 

14,567 

11,212 

The following table
represents goodwill and intangibles by geographic area as of December 31
(in thousands): 

2006 

2005 

Goodwill and
 intangibles, net: 

United States 

1,445 

1,729 

France 

1,324 

1,186 

Total 

2,769 

2,915 

68 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Note 15. Pension
Plan 

 GPI
SAS sponsors a noncontributing, defined benefit plan for both its salaried and
hourly-rated employees who meet certain age and service requirements. The
plan calls for benefits to be paid to eligible employees at retirement based on
years of participation and compensation rates in the last years prior to
retirement. The following amounts relate to GPI SAS defined benefit pension
plan as of December 31 (in thousands): 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Change in benefit
 obligation: 

Benefit obligation at beginning of year 

224 

219 

139 

Service cost 

22 

20 

63 

Interest cost 

10 

9 

Actuarial loss 

44 

7 

Benefits paid 

(7 

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes 

29 

(31 

17 

Benefit obligation at end of year 

322 

224 

219 

Change in plan
 assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

419 

468 

419 

Actual return on plan assets 

16 

15 

15 

Benefits paid 

(7 

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes 

49 

(64 

34 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year(1) 

477 

419 

468 

Funded status 

155 

195 

249 

Unrecognized transition asset as of April 1998,
 being recognized over 15 years 

(110 

(146 

Prepaid benefit
 cost 

155 

85 

103 

(1) Comprised
of equity securities. 

Weighted-average
 assumptions: 

Discount rate 

4.25 

4.25 

4.50 

Expected return on plan assets 

3.50 

3.50 

3.50 

Rate of
 compensation increase 

2.00 

2.00 

2.00 

The accumulated benefit obligation at December 31,
2006 was 215,951. 

69 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 15. Pension Plan (Continued) 

 In September 2006,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 158, Employers Accounting for Defined Pension
and Other Postretirement Plans an amendment of FASB Statement No. 87, 88,
106 and 132R SFAS 158 ). In accordance with SFAS 158, the unrealized
transition asset at the beginning of the year has been entered through other
comprehensive income. In 2006, we did not make any contribution to the pension
plan, and we do not expect to make any contributions to the pension plan in
2007. In 2006, the prepaid benefit cost of 155,000 is recognized in the
consolidated balance sheets as deposits in other assets; in 2005 the prepaid
benefit cost of 85,000 was recognized in other current assets. The Company
recognized the following adjustments to the consolidated balance sheets at December 31,
2006 (in thousands): 

Balance sheet line items 

Before 
 application of 
 SFAS 158 

Adjustments 

After 
 application of 
 SFAS 158 

Other assets,net 

522 

94 

616 

Long-term
 deferred income tax liability 

159 

23 

182 

Accumulated other
 comprehensive income 

1,509 

71 

1,580 

Net
pension expense for the years ended December 31 consists of the following
(in thousands): 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Service cost-benefits
 earned during the period 

22 

20 

18 

Interest expense
 on benefit obligation 

10 

9 

8 

Expected return
 on plan assets 

(16 

(15 

(14 

Actuarial loss 

44 

7 

37 

Amortization of
 unrecognized transition asset 

(17 

(16 

(18 

Total 

43 

5 

31 

Projected
benefit payments from the plan as of December 31, 2006 are estimated to be
as follows (in thousands): 

2007 

2008 

2009 

48 

2010 

2011 

2012 - 2016 

34 

At December 31, 2004 and 2005, we had an accrual
of 134,000 related to payments for employees at our Mexico facility in the
event they were involuntarily terminated. Based on our current understanding of
Mexican labor law and having no plans to close our Mexican facility, we have
eliminated this accrual as of December 31, 2006. 

 We maintain a 401(k) plan
for employees in the United States who work over one year and are 21 years
of age or older. During 2003, the former Paul-Son Gaming Supplies, Inc.
plan and the former Bud Jones Company plan were combined into one plan. Contributions
to the plan were based on the 

70 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 15. Pension Plan (Continued) 

 amounts
contributed by the eligible employees. Eligible employees could elect to
contribute up to the lesser of the IRS limit or fifteen percent of their
earnings into the plan. We contribute 0.50 for each 1.00 contributed by a
participant in the plan up to four percent of the participant s wages. The 401(k) employer
contributions in the United States made during the years ended December 31,
2006, 2005 and 2004 under the combined plan were 52,000, 48,000 and 36,000
respectively. 

 Note 16. Earnings
per Share or EPS 

 In
accordance with SFAS 128, Earnings per Share , basic EPS is calculated by
dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding
for the period. Diluted EPS reflects the effect of potential common stock,
which consists primarily of assumed stock option and warrant exercises.
Potentially dilutive securities are not taken into account when their effect
would be antidilutive. The weighted-average number of common shares outstanding
used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share as of December 31
is as follows: 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Weighted-average
 number of common shares outstanding Basic 

7,974,066 

7,828,748 

7,607,900 

Potential
 dilution from equity grants 

251,670 

350,042 

146,300 

Weighted-average number
 of common shares outstanding Diluted 

8,225,736 

8,178,790 

7,754,200 

We have outstanding
certain stock options to purchase common stock, which have an exercise price
greater than the average market price. These antidilutive options have been
excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share for the
respective fiscal years. These outstanding antidilutive options for the years
ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 were approximately 13,223, 97,554
and 270,000, respectively. 

 Note 17. Other
Comprehensive Income 

 Accumulated
other comprehensive income, which is presented net of tax, consists of the
following as of December 31 (in thousands): 

2006 

2005 

Foreign currency
 translation 

1,506 

440 

Unrealized gain/(loss)
 on securities 

3 

6 

Pension and other
 postretirement plans 

71 

1,580 

446 

71 

Item
9. Changes
in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 

 Moss Adams LLP has been
retained as the Company s independent registered auditor for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2006. The consolidated financial statements of GPIC for
fiscal years ended December 2005 and 2004 were audited by
Deloitte Touche LLP. No disagreements exist with these independent
auditors. 

 Item
9A. Controls and
Procedures . 

 The Company maintains disclosure controls and
procedures that are designed to ensure that all information required to be
disclosed in reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 The Company s management, including the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of
the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-15(c) as of December 31, 2006. During
that evaluation, management identified material weaknesses in the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures which are discussed below. A material
weakness is a control deficiency, or a combination of control deficiencies,
that result in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of
the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. The
Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have
concluded that, as of December 31, 2006, the end of the period covered by
this annual Form 10-K, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective due to the following material weaknesses and therefore have
exercised additional management oversight over these disclosure controls and
procedures to ensure fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

 As disclosed in the Company s December 31, 2005 Form 10-K,
management became aware of a material weakness relating to internal controls
over financial reporting involving the design and operation of controls over
share-based payment accounting. Specifically, the controls in place were not
adequate to ensure that the correct accounting treatment was used for stock
options which were granted to the Chief Executive Officer in September 2002,
conditioned on the Company attaining a specific performance target. (See Item
12). Prior to filing the December 31, 2005 Form 10-K, the Company
determined that variable accounting was required with respect to these
particular stock options in order to comply with generally accepted accounting
principles. The Company recorded the resulting compensation expense in the
fourth quarter of 2005, which management had concluded was the proper period
based on the considerations of the specific performance target. The Company has
not granted any other such performance-based stock options or similar
securities that have unknown vesting dates to any other employee or person.
During 2006, the Company adopted SFAS 123(R) which requires expense be
measured and recorded for each share-based payment award whereas, prior to SFAS
123(R), expense often was not recorded. In connection with the preparation of
each of the Company s Form 10-Qs and its Form 10-K, errors were
identified in the calculations and disclosures related to stock options. The
Company implemented a new stock option tracking system late in 2006 and the
Company intends to continue to implement procedures to remediate the material
weakness in the design and operation of controls over the accounting for
share-based payment to ensure that the financial reporting for all share-based
compensation is in compliance with generally accepted accounting principles.
The errors noted were corrected in the quarter in which they were found. No
quarter was materially impacted. The Company has appropriately recognized
share-based payment expense in the financial statements included in this annual
Form 10-K. 

 The Company
determined that as of December 31, 2006, a material weakness existed in
the Company s financial reporting processes because, in the United States
operations, which includes the 

72 

corporate
reporting function, the Company did not have sufficient personnel with
requisite knowledge of generally accepted accounting principles and related practices to
ensure an effective closing process in the United States or to properly
document the Company s important accounting policy and transaction conclusions.
The Company also did not have sufficient personnel with requisite knowledge of
generally accepted accounting principles to ensure proper preparation of the
financial statements and disclosures for the Form 10-K. The Company s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer based this conclusion on a
number of factors, including: 

 The
Company s system of internal control for its United States operations requires
significant reliance on detective rather than preventive controls to properly
record adjustments to inventory, fixed assets and depreciation which impacts
the Company s ability to generate timely and complete consolidated financial statements. 

 During
post-closing and audit processes in connection with preparing the consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2006, certain issues
were discovered by management and the independent registered auditors that
resulted in adjustments to these financial statements. For example, the Company
had difficulty related to new disclosures in the financial statements such as
SFAS 158, Employers Accounting for Defined Pension and Other Postretirement
Plans . 

 The Company s management reviewed these issues and
made the proper adjustments to the consolidated financial statements. However,
management concluded that the failure to discover these items in the regular
closing process is a result of a significant deficiency that constitutes a
material weakness in the design or operation of internal controls over
financial reporting. Management continues to implement corrective actions where
required to improve the effectiveness and timeliness of internal controls,
including the enhancement of systems and procedures. The Company is in the
process of evaluating accounting department needs and hired a new Chief
Financial Officer in December 2006. Management also plans to provide
training to existing employees and supplement the team in certain key positions. 

 In light of the material weaknesses described above,
additional analysis and other post-closing procedures were performed to ensure
that the consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that
the consolidated financial statements included in this report fairly present in
all material respects the Company s financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows for the periods presented. 

 Changes in internal control over financial reporting: 

 There were no changes in
internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth fiscal quarter of
2006 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 

 Item
9B. Other
Information . 

 None. 

 PART III 

 Item
10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 

 Directors and
Executive Officers 

 The following table sets forth the name, age and
current office of our executive officers and directors as of April 30,
2007, and a director nominee for election at our next annual meeting of
stockholders. Our Board of Directors currently consists of seven directors. The
current term of office for each of our 

73 

directors expires at our
next annual meeting of stockholders. We have not presently established a date
for our 2007 annual meeting of stockholders. 

 Upon
completion of the combination with B G, on September 12, 2002, Holding
Wilson S.A. and the late Francois Carrette (succeeded by his wife, Elisabeth
Carrette) agreed to vote all shares of our common stock held by them in favor
of the election of Eric P. Endy to the Board of Directors for a period of
five years from the completion of the combination and executed an irrevocable
proxy in favor of Mr. Endy. Likewise, Mr. Endy agreed to vote all
shares of our common stock beneficially owned by him in the manner directed by
Holding Wilson S.A. with respect to the election or removal of directors during
the same five-year period and executed an irrevocable proxy in favor of Holding
Wilson S.A. 

Name 

Age 

Title 

Gerard P. Charlier (4),
 (5) 

68 

President, Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

David W. Grimes 

48 

Chief Financial
 Officer 

Laura McAllister Cox (4) 

47 

Chief Legal and
 Gaming Compliance Officer 

Gay A. Nordfelt 

57 

Secretary 

Elisabeth Carrette 

62 

Director 

Eric P. Endy (5) 

52 

Director 

Alain Thieffry (1) 

51 

Director 

Robert J. Kelly (1),
 (2), (3), (4) 

51 

Director 

Charles R. Henry (2), (3) 

69 

Director 

Paul S. Dennis (1), (2) 

69 

Director 

Martin A. Berkowitz 

58 

Director Nominee 

(1) Member of the
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. 

 (2) Member of the Audit
Committee of the Board of Directors. 

 (3) Member of the Nominating
and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors. 

 (4) Member of the Compliance
Committee of the Board of Directors. 

 (5) Member of the Directors 
Plan Committee of the Board of Directors. 

 Additional biographical information for each of our
directors and executive officers is presented below. 

 Gerard P.
Charlier has
been a director and our President and Chief Executive Officer since September 2002.
Mr. Charlier served as our Secretary from September 2002 until December 2006
and as our interim Chief Financial Officer from August 2006 to December 2006.
Mr. Charlier has been President and Chief Executive Officer of GPI SAS
since 1994 and President and Chief Executive Officer of the former Bud Jones
Company from 2000 to 2002, when it merged into Gaming Partners International
USA, Inc. Mr. Charlier worked from 1965 to 1968 for Cincinnati
Milling Machine in Cincinnati, Ohio. Mr. Charlier worked for Booz Allen 
Hamilton in London and Paris in 1968 and 1969. He then joined Peat Marwick
Mitchell Management Consulting (now KPMG) in Paris in 1969 where he became
Partner in 1975 and acted as Partner in Charge of the German Management
Consulting Department from 1978 to 1982. From 1982 to 1985, Mr. Charlier
served as Vice President of International Development of Dexi International, a
French company specializing in the manufacture of cosmetic products distributed
by party plans. From 1985 to 1988 and again from 1991 to 1994, Mr. Charlier
was an independent management consultant for G.C. Management, a firm that he
owned. Between 1988 and 1991, Mr. Charlier served as 

74 

the General Manager in
France of Arthur D. Little, a management consulting firm based in
Cambridge, Massachusetts. Mr. Charlier holds a Mechanical Engineering
Degree from Ecole Nationale d Arts et Metiers in Paris (1962), a M.S. in Electrical
Engineering from Stanford University, California (1963) and a MBA from INSEAD
in Fontainebleau, France (1968). 

 David
W. Grimes was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of
the Company in December 2006. From 1998 through 2006, Mr. Grimes
served as vice president at Artemis International, Inc., a provider of
specialized natural colors and nutraceutical products. Between 1995 and 1998,
he served as Chief Financial Officer and then as President and Chief Executive
Officer of WFI Industries Ltd., a publicly-traded manufacturer of residential
and commercial geothermal heating and air conditioning systems. Between 1988
and 1995, he served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Patton Electric
Company, Inc., a manufacturer of fans, portable heaters and humidifiers,
and as a financial analyst at Unisys Corporation. Mr. Grimes received a
master of business administration degree from Harvard Business School and a
Master of Accounting Science degree and a Bachelor of Science degree in
accountancy from the University of Illinois. 

 Laura
McAllister Cox, an attorney at law licensed to
practice in New Jersey and Pennsylvania, has been Chief Legal and Gaming
Compliance Officer for the Company since December 2003. Previously, Ms. McAllister
Cox was an attorney for 16 years with the Atlantic City law firm of Cooper
Levenson April Niedelman Wagenheim, P.A. and became a partner
of the firm in 1996. A member of the Cooper Levenson Casino Law Department, Ms. McAllister
Cox represented casino operators, gaming manufacturers and distributors, and
casino employees in all aspects of regulatory, licensing and litigation matters.
As part of her practice, Ms. McAllister Cox handled gaming regulatory
matters for GPI SAS since 1997, for the former Bud Jones Company since 2000 and
for GPIC since 2002. Ms. McAllister Cox holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in
Urban Studies from the University of Tennessee (1980) and a Juris Doctorate
from Rutgers University School of Law (1987). 

 Gay
A. Nordfelt was appointed as Secretary of the Company
in December 2006. Ms. Nordfelt has served as Executive Secretary to
Gerard P. Charlier since December 2001. She has thirty years of experience
in secondary and post-secondary business education and administration and she
worked as an adjunct business instructor at Utah Valley State College from 1984
to 2001. Ms. Nordfelt received an undergraduate degree in English and
business education from Weber State University and a Master of Business
Education Administrative Management and Organizational Behavior degree from
Brigham Young University. 

 Elisabeth
Carrette has
been a director since January 2005. Mrs. Carrette is the President of
the Supervisory Board of Holding Wilson, S.A., a privately-held French company
that through its affiliates engages in consulting and food distribution. Holding
Wilson, S.A. is the principal stockholder of the Company. Over more than two
decades, Mrs. Carrette has served on both the Executive and Supervisory
Boards of Holding Wilson, S.A. and helped define the strategy of the group. 

 Eric P.
Endy has
been a director since our inception in 1993. Mr. Endy was our Executive
Vice President from September 2002 to March 2003, and presently
serves as a consultant to us. He served as our Secretary from May 1984 to March 2003,
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer from November 1998 to September 2002,
President from January 1994 to September 2002 and Treasurer from July 2001
to September 2002. From May 1998 to July 1998, Mr. Endy was
our Treasurer and from January 1994 to July 1995, Mr. Endy was
our Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Endy was Chairman of the Board, President
and Chief Executive Officer of the former Paul-Son Gaming Supplies from November 1998
to September 2002, and Executive Vice President and General Manager of the
former Paul-Son Gaming Supplies from July 1990 to November 1998. 

 Alain
Thieffry has
been a director since September 2002. Mr. Thieffry has served as
President of the Executive Board of Holding Wilson S.A. since February 2002.
He has been an executive officer of Holding 

75 

Wilson S.A. since 1984. Since
1995, Mr. Thieffry has also served as Chief Executive Officer of Bridge
Atlantic Corporation and DeRoche, S.A., wholly-owned subsidiaries of Holding
Wilson S.A., and of LFR, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bridge Atlantic
Corporation. Mr. Thieffry holds masters in law and business administration
and a CPA license in France. 

 Robert
J. Kelly has been a director since February 2006.
Mr. Kelly received an MBA from Harvard in 1986 and an Engineering degree
from Princeton in 1977. Since 2000, Mr. Kelly has been the founder, patent
holder and primary stockholder of EarthSource Inc., Raynham, Massachusetts, a
waste water treatment plant. He is also a civil engineer and responsible for
designing the EarthSource process and managing its operations. From 1994 to
2000, Mr. Kelly worked with LFR, Inc., an environmental engineering
company and affiliate of Holding Wilson, S.A., our principal stockholder. Prior
to 1994, Mr. Kelly worked as a Division Manager for OHM Corporation, a
publicly-traded company that provides technology-based, on-site hazardous waste
remediation environmental services, and as a Field Service Manager at IT
Corporation, a publicly-traded company in the environmental engineering
business, providing environmental consulting, engineering and construction and
remediation services. 

 Charles
R. Henry has been a director since June 2006. He
was appointed to the Board of Directors to fill the vacancy that resulted from
the resignation of Benoit Aucouturier. Mr. Henry is a retired two-star
general, with 41 years of leadership experience, a distinguished military
career and an advanced law degree. He is the current Chief Operating Officer
and a board member of CEG Company in Rico Rica, Arizona, a leading producer of
military wiring harnesses for military vehicles. Prior to that, he was a
consultant in Washington D.C. for various companies on defense issues. In 2001
he was also appointed Chief Executive Officer and President of the National
Veterans Business Development Corporation, part of Public Law 106-50, which was
created by Congress. From 1997 to 2001, Mr. Henry served as an officer
(President) of LFR Levine Fricke, an environmental management and consulting
firm, which is an affiliate of the Company s majority shareholder. Mr. Henry
holds an undergraduate degree in economics from Middle Tennessee State
University; he is a graduate of the United States Army War College and the
United States Army Command and General Staff College; he holds degrees Woodrow
Wilson Law School: J.D.; Woodrow Wilson Law School: L.L.M. 

 Paul
S. Dennis has
been a director since October 2000. Since 1977, Mr. Dennis has been
President and Chief Executive Officer of Associated Health Care Management
Company, Inc., Cleveland, Ohio, which manages congregate living facilities.
Mr. Dennis also has served as a director and officer with various
companies and business ventures in the hardware distribution, pharmaceuticals
distribution and steel fabrication industries and real estate investor. Mr. Dennis
was an investor in, and for certain periods from 1997 to 2003 was a director
and officer of, Las Vegas Care Centers, Inc., a nursing home facility in
Las Vegas, Nevada. At the request of the bank, a receiver was appointed in
2001 to oversee the sale and disposition of Las Vegas Care Centers, Inc. s
assets. Mr. Dennis was previously licensed as a nursing home administrator
in the states of Ohio and Nevada and was a member of the American College of
Health Care Administrators. 

 Martin A. Berkowitz 
has been nominated by the Nominating Committee as a director for election at
our next annual meeting of stockholders. Mr. Berkowitz would fill the
director seat currently held by Mr. Dennis. Mr. Berkowitz is a
consultant in the areas of financial management and business development. He
was chief financial officer for the Miami-Dade County Public Schools in 2005
and 2006. From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Berkowitz held the positions of Senior
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer then President and Chief Executive
Officer of the National Veterans Business Development Corporation. He retired
as Senior Vice President from Prudential Financial in 2000 following a
twenty-five year career where he served as Comptroller of the individual
insurance unit, Chief Financial Officer of the investment management business
unit, and the Corporate Comptroller. He played a major role in the conversion
of Prudential from a mutual insurance company to a public shareholder owned
company. Mr. Berkowitz earned his Bachelor of Business Administration
degree in accounting from the University of 

76 

Massachusetts,
Amherst in 1970 and his Master of Business Administration from St. John s
University in 1975. He has attended executive programs at the University of
Michigan, Stanford University and Harvard University. 

 Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance 

 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more
than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities, to file with
the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership
of common stock and our other equity securities. Officers, directors, and
stockholders holding more than ten percent of the class of stock are required
by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms
they file. 

 To our knowledge, based
solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us and written
representations that no other reports were required, during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2006, all reports required under Section 16(a) filing
requirements were filed as required, with the exception of certain reports on Form 4,
which were inadvertently filed late by: (1) Eric P. Endy with respect to a
Form 4 for a transaction on December 29, 2006, (2) Elisabeth
Carrette with respect to a Form 4 for a transaction on October 23,
2006, (3) Gerard P. Charlier with respect to a Form 4 for a
transaction on October 23, 2006, (4) Mary Diaz with respect to a Form 3
for an appointment on August 9, 2006, (5) Eric P. Endy with respect
to a Form 4 for a transaction on June 8, 2006, (6) Eric P. Endy
with respect to a Form 4 for a transaction on May 30, 2006, and (7) Paul
S. Dennis with respect to a Form 4 for a transaction on May 22, 2006. 

 Code of Ethics 

 We have adopted a Code of
Ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
Corporate Controller and other finance department employees and a Code of
Conduct that applies to all employees. The form of the Code of Ethics,
including the Code of Conduct, is publicly available on our website at www.gpigaming.com . If we make any substantive amendments to
the Code of Ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a
provision of the Code of Ethics to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer or Corporate Controller, we will disclose the nature of such amendment
or waiver on that website. 

 Audit Committee 

 The Audit Committee, a
separately-designated standing audit committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, assists our Board of Directors in
overseeing the accounting and financial reporting processes of the Company and
audits of our financial statements, including the integrity of our financial
statements, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, our independent
public accountants qualifications and independence, the performance of our
internal audit function and independent public accountants, and such other
duties as may be directed by our Board of Directors. The Audit Committee
Charter requires that the Audit Committee consist of three or more board
members who satisfy the independence requirements of the SEC and The NASDAQ
Global Market for audit committee members. The current members of the Audit
Committee are Mr. Kelly, who is the committee chair, Mr. Henry and Mr. Dennis,
each of whom satisfy these independent requirements. Our Board of Directors
believes that each member of the Audit Committee is able to read and understand
financial statements, and that one of the members has past employment
experience or background which results in his financial sophistication. While
the Board of Directors endorses the effectiveness of our Audit Committee, no
member of the Audit Committee currently meets the definition of an audit
committee financial expert as set forth in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of the SEC Regulation
S-K. In 2006, the Audit Committee engaged the services of a financial
consultant who acted as an advisor to the Audit Committee on financial issues. His
services were terminated on 

77 

February 6,
2007. The Board of Directors believes that Mr. Berkowitz, our director
nominee, would qualify as an audit committee financial expert upon his election
to the Board of Directors at our next annual meeting of stockholders. 

 Item 11. Executive
Compensation . 

 Compensation
Discussion and Analysis 

 Compensation Program Overview and Objectives 

 The Compensation Committee (for purposes of this
analysis, the Committee composed entirely of directors who have never served
as executive officers of the Company, recommends to the Board the compensation
of the Company s executive officers and administer the Company s 1994 Long-Term
Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan ). Throughout this report, the individuals
who served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer
and Chief Legal and Compliance Officer are referred to as the named executive
officers. 

 The objective of the Company s compensation program is
to (i) attract and retain individuals who are responsible for the
management, development and success of the company (ii) reward named
executive officers for their performance and services to the Company and (iii) encourage
the named executive officers to stay with the Company. 

 The Committee relies upon the recommendations of the
Chief Executive Officer and their own judgment in making compensation
decisions, after reviewing the performance of the Company and carefully
evaluating an executive s performance during the year against established
goals, leadership qualities, operational performance, business
responsibilities, career with the company, current compensation arrangements
and long-term potential to enhance shareholder value. Typically, the Chief
Executive Officer makes compensation recommendations to the Compensation
Committee with respect to executive officers who report to him. Such executive
officers are not present at the time of these deliberations. The Committee
generally does not adhere to rigid formulas or necessarily react to short-term
changes in business performance in determining the amount and mix of
compensation elements. They incorporate flexibility into the compensation
programs and in the assessment process to respond to and adjust for the
evolving business environment. The Committee believes the most important
indicator of whether the compensation objectives are being met is the Company s
ability to motivate the named executives to deliver superior performance and
retain them to continue their careers with the Company on a cost-effective
basis. 

 The Committee s goal is
for the Company to set base salaries for the named executive officers at
appropriate levels which reflect the duties and scope of responsibilities of
each officer s position 

 Elements of Compensation 

 For fiscal 2006, the principal elements of
compensation for named executive officers were base salary; standard employee
benefits such as health, dental, vision, and life insurance, 401(k) retirement
participation; and other perquisites and personal benefits. In the past, some
named executive officers have also been eligible to receive incentive
compensation in the form of stock options under the Incentive Plan. The
Incentive Plan expired in January 2004, except as to the stock options
outstanding on that date. Stock options are priced at the market value of the
Company s common stock on the date of grant, and typically subject to a
four-year vesting period with exercisability dependent on continued employment.
None of the named executive officers received a stock option grant in fiscal
2006. 

78 

Base Salary 

 The Company provides named
executive officers and other employees with base salary to compensate them for
services rendered during the fiscal year. Although the Committee believes that
the Company s overall financial performance is an important factor in the total
compensation of the named executive officers, no specific quantitative factors
are applied in making compensation recommendations. The Committee also
recognizes qualitative factors such as successful supervision of the Company s
operations, established relationships with key customers and key gaming
industry representatives and regulators and the development of corporate
projects and new products. 

 Perquisites and
Other Personal Benefits 

 The Company provides named executive officers with
perquisites and other personal benefits that the Company and the Committee
believe are reasonable and consistent with its overall compensation program to
better enable the Company to attract and retain superior employees for key
positions. The Committee periodically reviews the levels of perquisites and
other personal benefits provided named executive officers. 

 Perquisites and other
personal benefits provided to certain named executive officers include a
housing allowance for housing in Las Vegas, tax preparation services, certain
medical expense reimbursements, use of a company automobile or a car allowance,
and a severance payment upon termination of employment without cause, as more
fully discussed under Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control below. 

 Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal
 Position 

Year 

Salary 

Bonus 

Stock 
 Awards 

Option 
 Awards 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compensation 

Change in 
 Pension 
 Value and 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 

All Other 
 Compensation 

Total 

Gerard P. Charlier, 

2006 

244,325 

(1) 

62,343 

(5) 

306,668 

Chief Executive Officer 

and President 

David W. Grimes, 

2006 

4,308 

(2) 

300 

(6) 

4,608 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Laura McAllister Cox, 

2006 

200,000 

7,692 

(4) 

11,982 

(7) 

219,674 

Chief Legal and 

Gaming Compliance Officer 

Melody Sullivan 

2006 

117,692 

(3) 

103,219 

(8) 

220,911 

[Former Chief Financial
 Officer] 

(1) Mr. Charlier is President and CEO of GPIC; he
received an annual salary of 100,000 from GPI USA and 115,000 Euros
(approximately 144,325 as of December 31, 2006) from GPI SAS. 

 (2) Mr. Grimes was appointed as the CFO effective December 7,
2006. This amount reflects the portion of his 160,000 annual salary paid
during the 2006 fiscal year. 

 (3) Ms. Sullivan resigned as CFO effective August 9,
2006. This amount reflects the portion of her 180,000 annual salary earned
during the 2006 fiscal year. 

 (4) This amount represents a 2-week holiday bonus. 

 (5) This amount reflects housing in the United States in
the amount of 19,555, tax preparation expenses in the United States in the
amount of 1,500, automobile expense in the United States in the amount of
 1,113, insurance (health, dental and life) in the United States in the amount
of 4,461, housing expense in France in the amount of 12,960 Euros 16,265),
automobile expenses in France in the amount of 13,953 Euros 17,511), and
medical insurance in France in the amount of 1,544 Euros 1,938). 

 (6) This amount reflects automobile expense in the amount
of 300 in 2006. In 2007, he will be entitled to receive automobile allowance
in the amount of 7,200; as well as health, dental, vision and life insurance
premiums; and 401(k) match. 

 (7) This amount reflects 7,200 in automobile allowance,
 1,053 insurance (dental, vision and life) and 3,729 in 401(k) match paid
in 2006. 

 (8) As a severance payment, Ms. Sullivan
is entitled to receive six months of her annual salary, or 90,000, of which
 62,308 was paid in 2006. She also received in 29,077 in vacation, 4,708 auto
expense, 3,103 insurance and 4,023 in 401(k) match. 

79 

Outstanding Equity Awards at
Fiscal Year-End 

Option Awards 

Stock Awards 

Name 

Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 (#) 
 Exercisable 

Number 
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 (#) 
 Unexercisable 

Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number 
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned 
 Options 
 (#) 

Option 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 ) 

Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 

Number 
 of 
 Shares 
 or Units 
 of Stock 
 That 
 Have 
 Not 
 Vested 
 (#) 

Market 
 Value 
 of 
 Shares 
 or 
 Units of 
 Stock 
 That Have 
 Not 
 Vested 
 ) 

Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number 
 of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, 
 Units or 
 Other 
 Rights 
 That 
 Have 
 Not 
 Vested 
 (#) 

Equity Incentive 
 Plan Awards: 
 Market or 
 Payout 
 Value of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, 
 Units or 
 Other 
 Rights 
 That Have 
 Not 
 Vested 
 ) 

Gerard P. Charlier 

100,000 

3.40 

12/31/10 

Gerard P. Charlier 

200,000 

3.40 

9/12/12 

David W. Grimes 

Laura McAllister Cox 

Melody Sullivan 

Pension Benefits 

Name 

Plan Name 

Number of Years 
 Credited 
 Service 

Present Value of 
 Accumulated 
 Benefit 

Payments During 
 Last Fiscal 
 Year 

Gerard P.
 Charlier 

GPI
 SAS Retirement Plan 

13 years 

38,551 

(1) 

David W. Grimes 

Laura McAllister
 Cox 

Melody Sullivan 

(1) The
present value of accumulated benefit is 29,272 Euros or 38,551 at the end of
2006. 

 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control 

 Payments Made Upon Termination 

 Pursuant to an employment agreement with Gerard P.
Charlier, if we terminate Mr. Charlier s employment for any reason other
than death, Permanent Disability or Cause, we must continue to pay Mr. Charlier s
salaries for the longer of (i) the remaining term of the employment
agreement or (ii) two years, and to provide him with medical benefits for
12 months from termination. Cause is defined as a willful and continued
failure to substantially perform his duties, willful misconduct materially
injurious to the company (monetarily or otherwise), a conviction of, or plea of
nolo contendere to, a felony, or a breach of the confidentiality, non-competition
or non-solicitation provisions of the employment agreement. Permanent
Disability is defined as a failure to perform his duties for ninety
consecutive calendar days due to physical or mental illness. Mr. Charlier
also entered into an agreement with Holding Wilson, S.A. whereby Holding
Wilson, S.A. granted to Mr. Charlier a put option to sell Holding Wilson,
S.A. the shares of our common stock that he acquired in the combination if Mr. Charlier s
employment with us is terminated voluntarily by Mr. Charlier, or by us
other than for death, Permanent Disability or Cause. The per share sale price
would be equal to the average closing price of our common stock for the 30
trading days preceding the date Mr. Charlier exercises his option to sell. 

80 

Pursuant to a letter provided to David W. Grimes, our
Chief Financial Officer, we have agreed to pay Mr. Grimes a severance
payment equal to three months of his salary if, after one year of employment,
we terminate his employment without cause. 

 Pursuant to a letter
provided to Laura McAllister Cox, our Chief Legal and Gaming Compliance
Officer, we have agreed to pay Ms. McAllister Cox a severance payment
equal to six months of her salary if we terminate her employment without cause. 

 Director Compensation 

 Directors who are not employees or consultants receive
an annual fee of 18,000, plus 1,400 for attending in person (or 750 for
participating by telephone) for each regular board of directors meeting and
each audit committee meeting, and 500 for attending each other committee
meeting. Each director may be reimbursed for certain expenses incurred in
connection with attendance at board of directors and committee meetings. 

 Each non-employee director also receives non-qualified
stock options, subject to vesting over a three-year period, to purchase 6,000
shares of common stock upon his/her commencement as a member of the board of
directors at an exercise price equal to the closing price of the common stock
on the date of grant. Additionally, on the third anniversary of the
commencement date, and every year thereafter, each non-employee director
receives non-qualified stock options to purchase 2,000 shares of common stock
at an exercise price equal to the closing price of the common stock on the date
of grant. In addition, each non-employee director receives non-qualified stock
options to purchase 1,500 shares of common stock for serving on the Audit
Committee, the Compliance Committee or the Compensation Committee for at least
six months during the twelve months prior to the date of grant. 

 Our non-employee directors who are currently eligible
to participate in the Directors Plan are Elisabeth Carrette, Paul S.
Dennis, Alain Thieffry, Robert J. Kelly and Charles R. Henry. Directors who are
also employed as regular salaried officers or employees do not receive any fees
or additional remuneration to serve on our board or its committees. 

 The directors realize
value from their stock options only when exercised, and only to the extent that
the price of our common stock on the exercise date exceeds the price of our
common stock on the grant date. 

 Director Compensation Table 

Name 

Fees Earned 

Stock 
 Awards 

Option 
 Awards 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 

Change in 
 Pension 
 Value and 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 

All Other 
 Compensation 

Total 

Elisabeth
 Carrette 

22,500 

16,660 

3) 

39,160 

Paul S. Dennis 

39,200 

64,256 

(4) 

103,456 

Eric P. Endy 

(1) 

Alain Thieffry 

28,100 

56,945 

(5) 

85,045 

Robert J. Kelly 

39,700 

19,374 

(6) 

59,074 

Benoit
 Aucouturier( 8) 

19,800 

19,800 

Charles R. 
 Henry (2) 

15,100 

22,951 

(7) 

38,051 

(1) Mr. Endy received
 200,000 under his employment contract. 

81 

(2) Mr. Henry was
appointed to the board of directors in June 2006. 

 (3) Based upon 6,000 shares
issued in 1 st quarter 2005 and vesting over three years. 

 (4) Based upon 5,000 shares
issued and vested in 4 th quarter 2006. 

 (5) Based upon 3,500 shares
issued and vested in 2 nd quarter 2006. 

 (6) Based upon 6,000 shares
issued 1 st quarter 2006 and vesting over three years. 

 (7) Based upon 6,000 shares
issued 2 nd quarter 2006 and vesting over three years. 

 (8) Mr. Aucouturier
resigned as a director effective June 30, 2006. 

 Item 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters . 

 The
following table sets forth information as of May 1, 2007 (except where
another date is indicated) with respect to the beneficial ownership of our
common stock by persons known to us to own beneficially more than 5 of our
common stock, each of our executive officers, current directors, and director
nominee, and all of our executive officers, current directors and director
nominee as a group. We have no other class of equity securities outstanding. There
are no family relationships between any of our directors, director nominees or
executive officers. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 

Ownership 

Options/Warrants 
 Exercisable Within 
 60 Days 

Beneficial 
 Ownership(1) 

Percent of 
 Class(2) 

Executive Officers and
 Directors: 

Elisabeth
 Carrette 

3,993,318 

4,000 

3,997,318 

(3)(4) 

49.30 

Eric P. Endy 

272,282 

272,282 

(5) 

3.36 

Gerard P.
 Charlier 

570,384 

100,000 

670,384 

(6)(4) 

8.17 

Paul S. Dennis 

5,000 

10,000 

15,000 

0.18 

Alain Thieffry 

9,000 

3,500 

12,500 

(7) 

0.15 

Laura McAllister
 Cox 

0.00 

Robert J. Kelly 

2,000 

2,000 

0.02 

Charles R. Henry 

2,000 

2,000 

0.02 

David W. Grimes 

0.00 

Martin A.
 Berkowitz 

0.00 

All executive
 officers, current directors and director nominee as a group (10 persons) 

4,849,984 

121,500 

4,971,484 

60.44 

5 Stockholder: 

Magnet Fund, L.P.,
 Magnet Management L.L.C., Jordan Kimmel 

645,000 

645,000 

(8) 

7.96 

(1) Represents sum of shares
owned and shares which may be purchased upon exercise of options exercisable
within 60 days of May 1, 2007. 

 (2) Any securities not
outstanding which are subject to options, warrants or conversion privileges
exercisable within 60 days of May 1, 2007 are deemed outstanding for
the purpose of computing the percentage of outstanding securities of the class
owned by any person holding such securities but are not deemed outstanding for
the purpose of computing the percentage of the class owned by any other person.
Unless otherwise noted, the persons identified in this table have sole voting
and investment power with regard to the shares beneficially owned. 

82 

(3) Includes: (i) 3,973,216
shares held by Holding Wilson, S.A. Holding Wilson ), of which the Carrette
Estate is the principal stockholder; (ii) 19,750 shares held by the Estate
of Francois Carrette (the Carrette Estate (iii) 4,000 options to
purchase common stock granted pursuant to the Company s 1994 Directors Stock
Option Plan (the Plan currently held by Mrs. Carrette. Does not include
272,282 shares beneficially owned by Mr. Endy, which Holding Wilson, S.A.
has the right to vote for the election or removal of directors pursuant to a
five-year irrevocable proxy dated September 12, 2002. 

 (4) Does not include an
option held by Mr. Charlier to sell to Holding Wilson, S.A. his shares of
the Company s common stock if his employment is terminated voluntarily by Mr. Charlier
or by the Company other than for death, permanent disability or cause (as
defined in his employment agreement). 

 (5) Includes (i) 235,924
shares held by The Paul S. Endy, Jr. Living Trust, of which Eric P. Endy
is the sole trustee and beneficiary, (ii) 18,000 shares held by trusts
established for the benefit of Mr. Endy s family, and (iii) 6,000 shares
held by his spouse. Does not include 3,993,318 shares beneficially owned by
Elisabeth Carrette, which Mr. Endy has the right to vote for his election
as a director pursuant to a five-year irrevocable proxy dated September 12,
2002. 

 (6) Includes 703 shares held
by Mr. Charlier s spouse. Does not include options to purchase 200,000
shares granted pursuant to the 1994 Long-Term Incentive Plan, none of which are
currently exercisable. 

 (7) Does not include
3,973,216 shares held by Holding Wilson, S.A., of which Mr.Thieffry is the
President of the Executive Board. Mr. Thieffry disclaims beneficial
ownership of all shares held by Holding Wilson, S.A. 

 (8) Based
on written confirmation received by the Company on March 14, 2007. 

 Equity Compensation
Plan Information 

 The
following table sets forth certain information as of December 31, 2006
about our equity compensation plans under which our equity securities are
authorized for issuance. 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Plan Category 

Number of securities 
 to be issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 

Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 

Number of securities 
 remaining available for 
 future issuance under 
 equity compensation 
 plans (excluding 
 securities reflected in 
 column (a)) 

Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 

347,500 

(1) 

5.02 

12,000 

(2) 

Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 

None 

None 

None 

Total 

347,500 

5.02 

12,000 

(1) Reflects outstanding
stock options to purchase 300,000 shares of common stock granted under our 1994
Long-Term Incentive Plan, and stock options to purchase 47,500 shares of common
stock granted under our 1994 Directors Stock Option Plan. 

 (2) These shares were available
for future issuance under our 1994 Directors Stock Option Plan. 

 See Part II Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements Note 11 for additional information about our equity-based
compensation plans. 

83 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

 No member of the Compensation Committee has ever been
an officer or employee of the Company or its subsidiaries. None of our
executive officers serves as a member of the board of directors or compensation
committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our
Board of Directors or Compensation Committee. 

 THE FOLLOWING REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO BE SOLICITING MATERIAL OR TO BE FILED WITH THE SEC UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 OR
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN ANY DOCUMENT SO FILED. 

 COMPENSATION
COMMITTEE REPORT 

 The
Compensation Committee of the Company has reviewed and discussed the
Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by Item 402(b) of Regulation
S-K with management and, based upon such review and discussion, the
Compensation Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the
Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this proxy statement. 

Dated: May 15, 2007 

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE 

Alain Thieffry, Chairman 
 Paul S. Dennis 
 Robert J. Kelly 

Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence . 

 Related Party
Transactions 

 We lease two manufacturing facilities totaling 66,500
square feet located in San Luis Rio Colorado, Mexico from an entity controlled
by the family of the General Manager of GPI Mexicana. The lease was extended in
April 2004, for an additional five years, at the same monthly rent amount
of approximately 0.35 per square foot, or 23,300. If we elect, at our
discretion, to use more or less square footage, our rent will be increased or
decreased accordingly on a pro rata basis. Also, in the second quarter of 2006,
we began renting, on a month-to-month basis, a residential property from the
General Manager s brother at approximately 800 per month. 

 An employee of our manufacturing facility in Mexico
owns and operates a small independent machine shop. In 2006, we used his
machine shop to build small metal parts. For the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2006 GPI, USA paid this employee, through his business,
approximately 30,000. 

 Neither of these employees
is a director nor an executive officer. The charter of the Audit Committee of
the Board of Directors requires the Audit Committee to review and approve
related party transactions involving our directors and executive officers. 

 Director
Independence 

 Our Board of Directors has five standing committees:
the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Compliance Committee, the
Nominating and Governance Committee and the Directors Plan Committee. The
Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Kelly, Henry and Dennis
each meet, and that Benoit Aucouturier, who served as a director during a part
of 2006, met the independence requirements of The NASDAQ Global Market. 

84 

Each member of the Audit
Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee is independent as defined
under the current NASDAQ listing standards. Other than Mr. Thieffry, each
member of the Compensation Committee is independent as defined under the
current NASDAQ listing standards. Mr. Thieffry is not independent due to
his affiliation with Mrs. Carrette, who beneficially owns 49.3 of the
outstanding shares of the Company. Our Board of Directors has determined that
we are a controlled company and are therefore exempt from certain of the
NASDAQ rules, including the requirements for a majority independent board and
independent compensation and nominating committees. Mrs. Carrette and Mr. Endy
previously concluded that, as a result of the voting agreement and irrevocable
proxies between them in connection with the election of directors (as described
above), among other things, that they are acting as a group within the meaning
of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
Mrs. Carrette and Mr. Endy have each publicly filed Schedules 13D
reporting the existence of a group between them. As a group, Mrs. Carrette
and Mr. Endy beneficially own more than 50 of our voting power. 

 Item 14. Principal
Accountant Fees and Services . 

 The
following table shows the fees for professional audit services provided by Moss
Adams LLP and Deloitte Touche LLP for the fiscal year December 31,
2006 and Deloitte Touche LLP for the fiscal year December 31,
2005 for the audit of our annual financial statements and the fees billed for
other services rendered during those periods. 

December 31, 
 2006 

December 31, 
 2005 

Audit Fees(1) 

515,125 

383,000 

Audit-Related
 Fees(2) 

28,000 

Tax Fees(3) 

114,399 

278,605 

All Other Fees 

Total 

627,524 

689,605 

(1) Fees for the
professional services rendered for the audit of GPIC s annual financial
statements, review of financial statements included in our 10-Q filings,
and services normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements. The 2006 fees include fees for Moss Adams of 488,825
and fees for Deloitte Touche of 26,300 for first quarter review. In
addition, Mazars rendered audit services resulting in fees totaling 60,278
Euros 75,649) and 52,141 Euros 64,863) for the fiscal years ended December 31,
2006 and 2005, respectively. 

 (2) Fees for assurance and
related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or
review of GPIC s financial statements. For December 31, 2005 this included
fees related to the review and analysis of our intercompany loans, the 401(k) plan
and other regulatory document reviews and related services. 

 (3) Fees
for professional services rendered with respect to tax compliance, tax advice
and tax planning. This includes preparation of tax returns, claims for refunds,
payment planning and tax law interpretation, including the analysis of:
intercompany loans, fixed asset basis, and dividends. Deloitte 
Touche provided tax strategy consulting in 2006 and 2005. We paid Deloitte 
Touche 111,029 and Moss Adams 3,370 in 2006. 

85 

PART IV 

 Item
15. Exhibits,
Financial Statement Schedules . 

 (a)(1) Financial
Statements 

 Included in Part II
of this report: 

 Consolidated Balance
Sheets at December 31, 2006 and 2005. 

 Consolidated Statements of
Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004. 

 Consolidated Statements of
Stockholders Equity and Other Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31,
2006, 2005 and 2004. 

 Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004. 

 Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

 (a)(2) Financial Statement
Schedules 

 All required schedules are
omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or
because the required information is given in the financial statements or notes
thereto. 

 (a)(3) and (c) Exhibits 

2.01 

Agreement and Plan of Exchange and Stock Purchase by
 and between Paul-Son Gaming Corporation and Etablissements Bourgogne et
 Grasset S.A., as amended by the First Amendment thereto, incorporated herein
 by reference to: Annex A to the Company s definitive proxy statement dated
 August 9, 2002, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2002 (the Proxy
 Statement ). 

3.01 

Certificate of Amendment
 and Restatement of Articles of Incorporation of Paul-Son Gaming Corporation,
 incorporated herein by reference to Annex B to the Proxy Statement. 

3.02 

Certificate of Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation of Gaming Partners International Corporation
 filed on June 25, 2004. 

4.01 

Specimen Common Stock
 Certificate for the Common Stock of Gaming Partners International
 Corporation. 

10.01 

Paul-Son Gaming
 Corporation 1994 Directors Stock Option Plan (as amended September 12, 2002),
 incorporated herein by reference to: Annex A of our definitive proxy
 statement dated October 3, 2003 filed with the SEC on October 3,
 2003. 

10.02 

Paul-Son Gaming
 Corporation 1994 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended July 29, 1996)
 incorporated herein by reference from our Registration Statement on
 Form S-8 dated April 28, 1997, Exhibit 10.01. 

10.03 

Lease dated May 17,
 1993, by and between Paul-Son Mexicana S.A. de C.V., as lessee, and
 Copropledad Arte Y Diseno, as lessor incorporated herein by reference from
 our registration statement on Form S-1 (SEC No. 33-74758),
 Part II, Item 16, Exhibit 10.05. 

10.04 

Promissory Note secured
 by Deed of Trust dated February 22, 2002, in favor of Jackson Federal
 Bank; Deed of Trust, Security Agreement, Assignment of Rents and Fixture
 Filing dated February 22, 2002; Repayment Guaranty dated
 February 22, 2002; Subordination and Attornment Agreement dated
 February 22, 2002; and Assignment of Leases and Rents dated
 February 22, 2002, incorporated by reference from our Form 8-K
 dated March 5, 2002, Item 7, Exhibit 10.01. 

86 

10.05 

Employment Agreement
 dated September 12, 2002 between Gerard P. Charlier and the Company,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2002. 

10.06 

Employment Agreement
 dated September 12, 2002 between Eric P. Endy and the Company,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2002. Amendment dated
 March 27, 2003 to Employment Agreement between Eric Endy and us,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.06 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
 the year ended December 31, 2003. 

10.07 

Lease Agreement dated
 March 26, 2003, between Copropledad Arte Y Diseno, as lessor, and
 Paul-Son Mexicana, S.A. de C.V., as lessee, incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.07 to Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. 

10.08 

Loan Agreement dated
 February 21, 2001, between Bourgogne et Grasset, as borrower, and BNP
 Paribas, S.A., as lender (English summary of French language document)
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.08 to our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. 

10.09 

Loan Agreement executed
 January 9, 2004, between Bourgogne et Grasset, as borrower,and BNP
 Paribas, S.A., as lender, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.09 to
 our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
 2004. 

10.10 

Second Amendment to
 Lease Agreement dated March 1, 2006 between Copropiedad Arte y Diseno,
 as lessor, and Paul-Son Mexicana, S.A. de C.V., as lessee, incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.10 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
 the year ended December 31, 2005 

10.11 

Loan Agreement dated
 June 29, 2006 between Lyonnaise de Banque and Gaming Partners
 International SAS (English translation of French-language document)
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to our Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2006. 

10.12 

Offer letter effective
 December 7, 2006, relating to David W. Grimes, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 99.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated
 December 7, 2006. 

21.01 

List of subsidiaries,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.01 to our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005. 

23.01 

Consent of Moss Adams
 LLP. 

23.02 

Consent of
 Deloitte Touche LLP. 

31.1 

Certification of Chief
 Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and
 Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

31.2 

Certification of Chief
 Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and
 Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

32 

Certification of Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002. 

Management
contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed as exhibits
to this Form 10-K by Item 601(b)(10)(iii) of Regulation S-K. 

87 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 

Date: May 15,
 2007 

By: 

/s/
 GERARD P. CHARLIER 

Gerard P.
 Charlier 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has
been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: May 15, 2007 

By: 

/s/ GERARD P. CHARLIER 

Gerard P.
 Charlier 

Director,
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date: May 15,
 2007 

By: 

/s/
 DAVID W. GRIMES 

David W. Grimes 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: May 15,
 2007 

By: 

/s/
 ERIC P. ENDY 

Eric P. Endy 

Director 

Date: 

By: 

Paul S. Dennis 

Director 

Date: May 15,
 2007 

By: 

/s/
 ALAIN THIEFFRY 

Alain Thieffry 

Director 

Date: May 15,
 2007 

By: 

/s/
 CHARLES R. HENRY 

Charles R. Henry 

Director 

Date: May 15,
 2007 

By: 

/s/
 ROBERT J. KELLY 

Robert J. Kelly 

Director 

Date: 

By: 

Elisabeth
 Carrette 

Director 

88 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

EXHIBIT NO. 

DESCRIPTION 

3.02 

Certificate of
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Gaming Partners International
 Corporation filed on June 25, 2004. 

4.01 

Specimen Common
 Stock Certificate for the Common Stock of Gaming Partners International
 Corporation. 

23.01 

Consent of Moss
 Adams LLP 

23.02 

Consent of
 Deloitte Touche LLP 

31.1 

Certification of
 Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and
 Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

31.2 

Certification of
 Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and
 Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

32 

Certification of Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002. 

89 

<EX-3.02>
 2
 a07-6012_1ex3d02.htm
 EX-3.02

Exhibit
3.02 

DEAN HELLER 

FILED# C16935-93 

Secretary of State 

204 North Carson Street, Suite 1 

JUNE 25, 2004 

Carson City, Nevada 89701-4299 

IN THE OFFICE OF 

(775) 684-5708 

DEAN HELLER, SECRETARY OF STATE 

Website: secretaryofstate.biz 

Certificate
of Amendment 

 (PURSUANT
TO NRS 78.385 and 78.390 

 Important: Read attached
Instructions before completing form. ABOVE SPACE FOR OFFICE USE ONLY 

 Certificate
of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
For Nevada Profit Corporations 

 (Pursuant
to NRS 78.385 and 78.390 After Issuance of Stock) 

 1. Name of
corporation: 

 Paul-Son Gaming
Corporation 

 2. The articles have
been amended as follows (provide article numbers, if available): 

 (a) Article I of the
Certificate of Incorporation is amended by deleting Article I thereof in its
entirety and substituting in lieu thereof the following language: 

 ARTICLE I 
Name 

 The name of the
corporation is Gaming Partners International Corporation. 

 (b) The heading of the
Certificate of Incorporation is amended so to read: 

 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF GAMING PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL
CORPORATION 

 3. The vote by which
the stockholders holding shares in the corporation entitling them to exercise
at least a majority of the voting power, or such greater proportion of the
voting power as may be required in the case of a vote by classes or series, or
as may be required by the provisions of the articles of incorporation have
voted in favor of the amendment is: 
7,094,509 

4. Effective
 date of filing (optional): 

September 1, 2004 

(must not be later than 90 days after the
 certificate is filed) 

5. Officer
 Signature (required): 

/s/ Gerard P. Charlier 

If
any proposed amendment would alter or change any preference or any relative or
other right given to any class or series of outstanding shares, then the
amendment must be approved by the vote, in addition to the affirmative vote
otherwise required, of the holders of shares representing a majority of the
voting power of each class or series affected by the amendment regardless of
limitations or restrictions on the voting power thereof. 

 IMPORTANT: Failure to include any of the above
information and submit the proper fees may cause this filing to be rejected. 

 This form must be accompanied by appropriate fees. See attached fee schedule 

</EX-3.02>

<EX-4.01>
 3
 a07-6012_1ex4d01.htm
 EX-4.01

Exhibit 4.01 

COUNTERSIGNED AND REGISTERED: 

AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER TRUST COMPANY 
 (NEW YORK, NEW
 YORK) 
 TRANSFER AGENT
 AND REGISTRAR 

BY 

/s/ [Illegible] 

AUTHORIZED
 SIGNATURE 

NUMBER 

SHARES 

G 0121 

GAMING
 PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 

INCORPORATED
 UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEVADA 

SEE REVERSE FOR 
 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 

COMMON
 STOCK 0.01 PAR VALUE 

CUSIP 36467A 10
 7 

THIS CERTIFIES THAT 

 SPECIMEN 

 Is The Owner Of 

Shares
of the COMMON STOCK OF 

 GAMING
PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 

 transferable only on the books of the Corporation by the holder hereof
in person or by attorney upon surrender of this Certificate properly endorsed.
This Certificate is not valid unless countersigned by the Transfer Agent and
Registrar. 

 In Witness
Whereof, the Corporation has caused this Certificate to be signed by the
facsimile signatures of its duly authorized officers and to be sealed with the
facsimile seal of the Corporation. 

 Dated: 

/s/ Melody Sullivan Yowell 

/s/ Gerard P. Charlier 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

chief
 executive officer, president, 
 secretary and treasurer 

</EX-4.01>

<EX-23.01>
 4
 a07-6012_1ex23d01.htm
 EX-23.01

EXHIBIT 23.01 

 CONSENT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 We
consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos.
33-84726, 33-84728, 333-25981, and 333-114019 of Gaming Partners
International Corporation (formerly known as Paul-Son Gaming Corporation) and
Subsidiaries on Form S-8, of our report dated May 14, 2007, appearing
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Gaming Partners International
Corporation and Subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2006. 

/s/ Moss Adams LLP 

San Diego, CA 

May 14, 2007 

</EX-23.01>

<EX-23.02>
 5
 a07-6012_1ex23d02.htm
 EX-23.02

EXHIBIT 23.02 

 CONSENT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 We
consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 33-84726,
33-84728, 333-25981, and 333-114019 on Form S-8 of
our report dated March 28, 2006, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Gaming Partners International Corporation (formerly known as Paul-Son Gaming
Corporation) and Subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2006. 

/ s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 

Las Vegas, Nevada 

May 14, 2007 

</EX-23.02>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 a07-6012_1ex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Section 302
Certification 

 I, Gerard P.
Charlier, certify that: 

 1. I have reviewed
this annual report on Form 10-K of Gaming Partners International
Corporation; 

 2. Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in
this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

 4. The registrant s
other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

 a) Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b) [Reserved] 

 c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

 d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial data information; and 

 b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: May 15, 2007 

By: 

/s/ GERARD P.
 CHARLIER 

Gerard P. Charlier, President
 and Chief Executive Office 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 a07-6012_1ex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER 
 Section 302 Certification 

 I, David W. Grimes,
certify that: 

 1. I have reviewed
this annual report on Form 10-K of Gaming Partners International
Corporation; 

 2. Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in
this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

 4. The registrant s
other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

 a) Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b) [Reserved] 

 c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

 d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial data information; and 

 b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: May 15, 2007 

By: 

/s/ DAVID W.
 GRIMES 

David W. Grimes 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 a07-6012_1ex32.htm
 EX-32

EXHIBIT 32 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 In connection with
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Gaming Partners International
Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2006, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Gerard P.
Charlier, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and David W. Grimes, as
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to the best of his or her knowledge: 

 1. The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

GAMING PARTNERS
 INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 

Date: May 15, 2007 

By: 

/s/ GERARD P. CHARLIER 

Gerard P. Charlier, 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: May 15, 2007 

By: 

/s/ DAVID W. GRIMES 

David W. Grimes 

Chief Financial Officer 

This certification is being furnished to the SEC as an
exhibit to the Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of 18 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or incorporated by reference
in any filing under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

 A signed copy of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

