<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20070402_10-K_edgar_data_1351667_0001104659-07-024886.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8645037</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>668253</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>38397</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7302465</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-07-024886.hdr.sgml : 20070402
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20070402161430
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-07-024886
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20061231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20070402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20070402

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001351667
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ROLLING DRAWING & EXTRUDING OF NONFERROUS METALS [3350]
		IRS NUMBER:				204065041

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-138178
		FILM NUMBER:		07739168

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 TRI-STATE INTERNATIONAL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 450
		CITY:			LINCOLNSHIRE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60069
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-810-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 TRI-STATE INTERNATIONAL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 450
		CITY:			LINCOLNSHIRE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60069

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 DO4NtWwwpBssmQq5FbDBVc1aRSeRown4rsJipHnUjkooQyQ5rIrmsp8nvRWsZ6JH
 gb39ChzVenqfAyibe5k+Iw==

 0001104659-07-024886.txt : 20070402

10-K
 1
 a07-8347_110k.htm
 10-K

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

 FOR ANNUAL AND TRANSACTION REPORTS PURSUANT
TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 x ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934 

 For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 

 OR 

 o TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934 

 For
the transition period from 
to 

Commission
file number: 333-138178 

 INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. 

 (Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 

3350 

20-4065041 

(State or other
 jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(Primary Standard
 Industrial 
 Classification Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

75 Tri-State
International, Suite 450 

 Lincolnshire, IL 60069 

 Telephone: (847) 810-3000 

 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number,
including area code, of registrants principal executive offices) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

 Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate by check
mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405
of the Securities Act. 

 Yes o No x 

 Indicate by check
mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13
or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes o No x 

 Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed
by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for at least the past 90 days. 

 Yes o No x 

 Indicate by check mark if
disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 
229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K o 

 Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a
non-accelerated filer. See definition of accelerated filer and large
accelerated filer in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated
 filer o 

Accelerated filer o 

Non-accelerated filer x 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
of the Act). 

 Yes o No x 

The aggregate market value
of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of
June 30, 2006 was 10.5 million. 

 The number of
shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of March 15, 2007
was 1,000,024. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

3 

ITEM
 1. 

BUSINESS 

3 

ITEM
 1A. 

RISK
 FACTORS 

21 

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF
 COMMENTS 

41 

ITEM
 2. 

PROPERTIES 

41 

ITEM
 3. 

LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

41 

ITEM 4. 

SUBMISSION OF
 MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

41 

PART II 

42 

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR
 COMMON STOCK, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
 SECURITIES 

42 

ITEM 6. 

SELECTED FINANCIAL
 DATA 

43 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

46 

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE OF MARKET RISKS 

68 

ITEM 8. 

CONSOLIDATED AND
 COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

69 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND
 DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

70 

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND
 PROCEDURES 

70 

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

70 

PART III 

71 

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

71 

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

73 

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
 MATTERS 

84 

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

85 

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

88 

PART IV 

89 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

89 

2 

PART I 

 ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

 Our Company 

 We are the second largest aluminum extruder, and the
largest independent aluminum extruder, in the United States and Canada, based
on shipment volume data compiled by the Aluminum Association, the Aluminum
Extruders Council and management estimates. As an independent aluminum
extruder, we are not involved in aluminum mining, refining or smelting. In
2006, approximately 94 of our products were customized, made-to-order
aluminum extrusions for use in a wide array of end-user markets. In
addition to aluminum extrusion, we also offer a broad range of services,
including fabrication, painting and anodizing. For the year ended December 31,
2006, our net sales and income from operations were 1,242.9 million and 0.7 million,
respectively, and our net loss was 22.3 million. 

 We serve over 3,500 customers, including a broad
spectrum of national, regional and local accounts, with our largest customer
accounting for approximately 6 of our net sales in 2005 and approximately 6 
of our net sales in 2006. We offer a wide range of products that are sold into
a wide array of end-user markets, none of which represented more than 31 
of our shipment volume in 2006. The following chart identifies the percentage
of our 2005 and 2006 shipment volume and the principal products sold in each of
the end-user markets we serve. 

3 

End-user markets 
 served 

Principal products 

Percent of 
 2006 Shipment 
 Volume 

Percent of 
 2005 Shipment 
 Volume 

Transportation
 (exclusive of 
 automotive) 

Components used in truck
 trailers, trucks and recreational vehicles 

31 

30 

Residential building and
 
 construction 

Components used in
 windows, doors, sunrooms and skylights 

28 

28 

Distribution channel 

Products sold in other
 end-user markets through distributors 

14 

14 

Electric and cable 

Components used in heat
 sinks, cable sheathing, electrical fixtures and conduit 

7 

7 

Commercial building and 
 construction 

Components used in
 commercial windows, store fronts and railings 

7 

7 

Consumer durables 

Components used in
 office furniture, refrigerators and pleasure boats 

6 

6 

Machinery and equipment 

Components used in
 ladders, scaffolds and industrial equipment such as conveyors 

5 

6 

Automotive 

Components used in passenger cars and light trucks 

2 

2 

At the end of 2005, based
on the latest available shipment volume data compiled by the Aluminum
Association, the Aluminum Extruders Council and management estimates, we held
the number one market position in the residential building and construction end-user
market and the number two market position in the transportation (inclusive of
automotive) end-user market. The transportation (inclusive of automotive)
and the residential building and construction end-user markets each
represented approximately 27 and 26 , respectively, of the aluminum extrusion
industry s annual shipment volume in 2005 in the United States and Canada
according to data compiled by the Aluminum Association and management
estimates. We believe we offer a very attractive value proposition to our
customers, and believe we have grown our market share in the U.S. and Canadian
aluminum extrusion market, measured by shipment volume, from approximately 13 
in 2001 to approximately 16 in 2006 according to data compiled by the Aluminum
Association and management estimates. 

 Aluminum extrusion is the process of shaping aluminum
billet into product or component parts by heating it and forcing it to flow
through a shaped die at the end of an extrusion press. The principal raw
materials in the aluminum extrusion process are aluminum billets and ingot,
which represented approximately 596.2 million or 63 of our cost of sales
in 2005 and approximately 763.9 million or 66 of our cost of sales in 2006.
We manage the risk of base aluminum price increases through one of four pricing
mechanisms and through several hedging programs. The base aluminum price
consists of two components: the price quoted for primary aluminum ingot on the
London Metals Exchange, or the LME, and the Midwest Transaction Premium, or
the MWP, a market price for the cost of aluminum shipping and warehousing. On
approximately 90 of our shipment volume, we are insulated from base 

4 

aluminum price volatility
or specifically hedge the cost of base aluminum that is charged to our
customers. Our four pricing mechanisms and our estimate of the shipment volume
attributable to each are as follows: 

 Approximately
65 of our shipment volume is priced by a formula pricing mechanism based on
the prior month s base aluminum price plus a conversion margin for our
services. We use hedge instruments to mitigate our exposure to changes in the
base aluminum price for the time period between our purchase of aluminum billet
and when we process it for a customer order. 

 For
approximately 20 of our shipment volume, we enter into contracts for a
specified period to provide customers with a fixed price for the aluminum. We
use hedge instruments traded on the LME to specifically hedge our exposure
under fixed price contracts. 

 Approximately
5 of our shipment volume is made through tolling arrangements in which customers
provide aluminum ingot to us for extrusion and separately pay for our aluminum
extrusion and other services. 

 The
remaining 10 of our shipment volume is based on a spot price set by us. We
review the spot price monthly and adjust the spot price periodically for
changes in the base aluminum price. 

 We operate an extensive network of manufacturing
facilities in the United States and Canada, consisting of 15 facilities and two
casting facilities with approximately 750 million pounds of annual
production capacity. From the beginning of 2000 to the end of 2006, we
rationalized our operations, reducing the number of our facilities from 23 to
17. In addition, we are in the process of closing our Watsonville, California
facility, which will be closed during the first half of 2007. We believe that
as a result of these restructuring activities we are well positioned to react
to changes in market demand, with sufficient available capacity to benefit from
an increase in demand for our products without significantly increasing our
fixed operating costs. At the same time, we believe that opportunities exist to
further rationalize operations by combining facilities or expanding our
outsourcing relationships into other countries with lower production costs as
necessary to react to changing market conditions. 

 Since 2000, we have imported aluminum extrusions from
China to take advantage of the lower cost structure of Chinese extruders and to
provide additional capacity during periods of peak demand. Through our Asia Secure 
program, we are able to offer our customers security of supply by committing
our facilities as a backup producer if the Chinese supply chain were to be
disrupted by external factors. We currently import aluminum extrusions from
five suppliers in China, although the majority of our imports from China comes
from AAG, a large aluminum extruder operating five production facilities in
China, in which we have an approximately 25 ownership interest. We have a non-exclusive
supply agreement with AAG that provides for arms length pricing. We are
entitled to receive an annual cash dividend equal to our pro rata share of at
least 40 of the net realized profits of AAG. We have agreed not to engage in
any competing aluminum extrusion activities in China so long as we have an
ownership interest in AAG. 

 In this report, references
to Indalex, we us and our are to Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc.
and its subsidiaries, and references to Holdings are to Indalex Holdings
Finance, Inc., exclusive of its subsidiaries. Our fiscal year consists of
a 52-week period ending on the Sunday closest to December 31. The
fiscal years presented in this report for 2004, 2005 and 2006 are for the 52-week
periods ending December 31, 2004, December 31, 2005 and December 31,
2006, respectively. References to an independent aluminum extruder refer to
an aluminum extruder that does not have an aluminum smelting operation;
references to the aluminum extrusion market refer to the soft alloy aluminum
extrusion market and not to the hard alloy aluminum extrusion market; and
references to United States and Canada refer to the United States market and
the Canada market collectively and not individually, unless the context
otherwise requires. 

5 

Our Competitive
Strengths 

 We enjoy the following competitive strengths: 

 Leading industry
position 

 We are the second largest
aluminum extruder, and the largest independent aluminum extruder, in the United
States and Canada, based on shipment volume data compiled by the Aluminum
Association and management estimates, with approximately 750 million
pounds of annual production capacity. We believe our leading industry position
gives us the ability to attract and retain large national accounts that require
extensive product and service capabilities not provided by many of our local
and regional competitors. 

 Significant
purchasing power 

 We believe we are the
largest independent third-party buyer of aluminum billets, the raw
material for the extrusion process, in the United States and Canada according
to data compiled by the Aluminum Association, the Aluminum Extruders Council
and management estimates. We purchased approximately 650 million pounds of
aluminum billet in 2006, and we have a diversified supplier base of
approximately 15 suppliers located in North America, South America and the
Middle East, with no billet supplier representing more than 26 of our
purchases in 2006. The cost of aluminum billet is based upon three components:
the LME, the MWP and a billet premium, which is a cost that is added to the
base aluminum price and represents the charge from the smelter for converting
aluminum ingot to billet. We are generally able to negotiate favorable supply
agreements with smelters for billet premiums that represent a discount to
prevailing market prices. We believe we are the largest buyer of paint used in
aluminum extrusions in the United States and Canada, providing us with a
competitive advantage over smaller extruders with lower requirements for paint.
In addition, we have successfully leveraged our purchasing power to obtain a
lower cost pricing for extrusion dies by reducing our number of outside
suppliers of dies from 26 to four over the last two years. 

 Customer solutions
and centralized sales force 

 One of our business
strategies is to focus on adding value for the customer rather than solely
building shipment volume and supplying standard aluminum extrusions. We have a
centralized sales force, with sales personnel designated to serving the needs
of specific customers rather than to increasing production at any one of our
manufacturing facilities. We believe that our solution-based approach and
centralized sales force differentiates us from other large aluminum extruders
and has enhanced our customer relationships. For example, our largest customer,
Utility Trailer Manufacturing Co., has multiple locations throughout the United
States. We have been able to provide a single point of contact for sales to
facilitate ordering and fulfillment, to develop offshore sourcing solutions and
to monitor routing of orders to the appropriate location. We believe that many
of our smaller competitors are unable to provide these capabilities, which we
believe are important to this customer. 

 Established and
diversified customer base in a variety of end-user markets 

 We have long-standing
relationships with large companies in a variety of end-user markets,
including Utility Trailer Manufacturing Co. in the transportation market; Jeld-wen, Inc.
in the residential building and construction market; and Ryerson Tull, Inc.
in the distribution channel. Our top ten customers in 2006 have been purchasing
our products for an average of more than 20 years. We serve over 3,500
customers across the United States and Canada, including a broad spectrum of
national, regional and local accounts. Our top 10 customers represented
approximately 28 of our net sales in 2005, with our largest customer
representing approximately 6 of our net sales in that year, and our top 10
customers represented approximately 29 of our net sales in 2006, with our
largest customer representing approximately 6 of our net sales in that period.
We serve a variety of customers in the United States and Canada, including
customers in the transportation, residential and commercial building and
construction, electrical and cable, consumer durables and machinery and
equipment end-user markets. Our broad customer base diversifies 

6 

our
revenue stream and reduces our exposure to downturns in any of the specific end-user
markets we serve. 

 Insulation from
base aluminum price volatility 

 Through various pricing
mechanisms and hedging programs, we are generally able to insulate ourselves
from increases in the price of base aluminum. Approximately 65 of our shipment
volume is priced by a formula pricing mechanism based on the prior month s base
aluminum price plus a conversion margin for our services. We use hedge
instruments to mitigate our exposure to changes in the base aluminum price for
the time period between our purchase of aluminum billet and when we process it
for a customer order. For approximately 20 of our shipment volume, we enter
into fixed price contracts and specifically hedge our base aluminum price risk
under those contracts. The remaining 15 of our shipment volume is through
tolling arrangements or is based on spot prices, which we review monthly and
adjust for changes in the base aluminum price periodically. Our ability to pass
through the cost of base aluminum enables us to maintain our gross margins even
when base aluminum prices increase. In addition, our in-house billet
casting capabilities, which supply approximately 21 of our needs, enable us to
recycle and reuse our production scrap in our extrusion business. We are able
to achieve cost savings of approximately 20 by using aluminum billet produced
from scrap from our extrusion business when compared to the billet premium that
we would be charged by aluminum smelters. 

 Extensive
manufacturing network 

 We maintain a network of
15 coordinated manufacturing facilities in the United States and Canada. Our
geographic reach places us in close proximity to many of our customers, better
ensuring on-time delivery and reducing our freight costs. Our ability to
deliver products throughout the United States and Canada through a single
customer contact is a key differentiator for large, geographically-dispersed
customers. Through our coordinated manufacturing facilities, our ability to
shift production among our 15 facilities, subject to the constraints of
freight costs and disparities in the production capabilities of our facilities,
and our centralized customer service organization, we are able to cost
effectively serve national customers as they expand and to substantially reduce
utilization disparities among our facilities. 

 Effective
outsourcing strategy 

 Our volume of products
imported from China has grown rapidly since 2000; in 2006 we imported
approximately 6 of our volume from that country. We believe that the
relationships we have developed in China and our experience in managing the
supply chain positions us well to take advantage of the lower production cost
structure in China. Using aluminum extruders from China such as AAG has enabled
us to eliminate some of our more costly domestic operations while maintaining
our shipment volume. In addition, our relationship with Chinese suppliers
provides us incremental capacity to meet seasonal demands. Conversely, if
demand for our products were to decline, we have the flexibility to limit the
number of orders we outsource to China and fill more of our orders through our
own manufacturing facilities because we typically maintain duplicate extrusion
dies and have the manufacturing capabilities to produce most of the orders we
import from China in our own facilities. We believe that we can use our supply
model in other lower production cost countries and we are currently exploring
various alternatives to supplement our existing Chinese sourcing strategy. 

 Experienced and
committed management team 

 The eight members of our
senior management team have an average of approximately 13 years of
extrusion industry experience both with Indalex and other leading global
industrial organizations. Led by Timothy R.J. Stubbs, who has
15 years of aluminum extrusion industry experience, the senior management
team has been successful at focusing on customers, rationalizing operations and
improving employee productivity. Our entire management team owns common stock
and stock options representing approximately 7 of Holdings on a fully-diluted
basis. 

7 

Our Business
Strategy 

 We have identified several
growth opportunities that we believe will allow us to continue to gain market
share and increase net sales, cash flow and profitability. 

 Expand service
offerings to existing customers 

 We intend to further penetrate
our existing customer base through sales of higher value-added products.
For example, in the transportation end-user market, where we have
historically experienced strong sales, we have been able to expand our service
offerings by providing fabrication and finishing services to existing customers
that had historically purchased existing mill finish, or extrusion only,
products. Only 43 of our shipment volume in 2005 and 41 of our shipment
volume in 2006 underwent painting, anodizing or fabrication. We believe there
is an opportunity for us to increase this percentage, and we intend to pursue
opportunities to provide additional value-added services to our
customers. We believe our strong customer relationships will facilitate
additional sales to our existing customers. 

 Continued emphasis
on rationalizing operations and enhancing productivity 

 We intend to continue to
focus on efficiency and on increasing capacity utilization. From the beginning
of 2000 to the end of 2006, we reduced the number of our facilities from 23 to
17, divested two non-core businesses and reduced overhead by
approximately 300 employees, and through these reductions, together with the
centralization of shared services, reduced our annual fixed costs, excluding
depreciation, by approximately 5 million despite increases in insurance
and benefits costs. During this same period, we increased our productivity per
employee by approximately 40 , based on shipment volume per employee, and we
increased our outsourced manufacturing as a percentage of shipment volume. In September 2004,
we closed our Berlin, Connecticut facility and transferred its customers to our
Montreal facility. We continue our review of future rationalization and
overhead reduction programs, which may include closing higher cost facilities,
combining facilities or expanding our outsourcing relationships into other
countries with lower production costs. As a result of our efforts over the last
few years, we believe that we are now better able to withstand an economic downturn
than we were during the last downturn in 2001. 

 Target incremental
growth in select end-user segments and regions 

 We intend to continue to
pursue additional market share in targeted high growth segments of our end-user
markets and in regions of the United States in which we do not have a
significant presence. We are currently focusing on the transportation end-user
market, particularly the truck trailer manufacturing segment, and the
residential and commercial building and construction end-user markets, as
well as on selling our products through distribution channels, because we
believe these markets present a significant opportunity for growth. For
example, from the beginning of 2002 to the end of 2006, our annual shipment
volume to truck trailer manufacturers grew approximately 400 , from
approximately 24 million pounds to approximately 120 million pounds.
This segment is the second largest user of aluminum extrusion in the United
States and Canada according to data compiled by the Aluminum Association. In
the residential building and construction end-user market, we enhanced
our paint capabilities by adding a powder paint line, which is more durable
than wet paint and will permit our door and window customers to offer their
customers longer product warranties at a lower price. We are also targeting
incremental growth in regions of the country in which we do not have a
significant presence, such as the Southwestern United States. We intend to
pursue growth opportunities by selectively acquiring existing facilities,
constructing new facilities or partnering with others to develop new
operations. 

 Cultivate smaller
OEM customers 

 We believe that
substantial opportunities exist to increase sales to our smaller original
equipment manufacturer, or OEM, accounts, which only accounted for
approximately 9 of our net sales in 2006, and are focused in particular on the
residential building and construction and machinery and equipment 

8 

end-user
markets. The smaller OEMs are primarily served by local owner-operated extrusion
facilities or by independent distributors. These customers are typically more
concerned with quality and on-time delivery, and tend to be less price-sensitive,
and as a result, the profit margin on sales to these smaller customers tends to
be greater than that for our larger customers. In 2004, we created a designated
sales group focused on smaller OEM customers, which is targeting these
customers for customized extrusion and value-added services in an effort
to add incremental, high margin business. This program added approximately 400 new
accounts in 2006, and these new accounts represented additional shipment volume
of approximately 5.2 million pounds in that year. 

 Selectively pursue
acquisitions 

 We believe there are a
select number of strategic acquisition opportunities. We regularly evaluate
potential acquisition candidates that we believe could fit our business
strategy, any of which may or may not be material in size and scope. We intend
to apply a selective and disciplined acquisition strategy, which is focused on
diversifying our customer base, adding manufacturing capabilities in low cost
markets and further penetrating new geographic regions of the United States by
leveraging our existing infrastructure. We continuously evaluate acquisition
opportunities as they present themselves. At this time, we have not entered
into a material agreement with any party. 

 Focus on cash flow
management and debt reduction 

 In the past, we have
successfully pursued organic and external growth opportunities and increased
profitability while maintaining working capital and capital expenditure
discipline. We intend to focus on generating cash and on pursuing opportunities
to reduce the amount of working capital necessary to operate our business. For
example, we hope to reduce our working capital needs through greater use of
tolling arrangements, in which aluminum billet is provided by our customers,
through shorter customer payment terms and through increased use of consignment
inventory. We have historically used cash on hand to pay for our assets, and we
expect to make greater use of leasing arrangements to manage the timing and
amount of our cash outflows on our capital spending in the future. 

 Corporate History 

 The Indalex group of
companies was first formed when Caradon plc, a U.K.-based conglomerate
with an existing aluminum extrusion business, purchased Easco Inc., an
Ohio-based aluminum products manufacturer, in September 1999. The
acquisition of Easco Inc. gave Caradon a total of 15 extrusion facilities and
three casting facilities in the United States. In May 2000, Caradon
acquired the California aluminum extrusion businesses of Columbia Ventures
Corporation, which provided Caradon with three extrusion facilities in
California and one additional cast house. Caradon was renamed Novar plc in November 2000.
In March, 2005, Honeywell International Inc. acquired Novar plc and
announced its intention to sell the aluminum extrusion business. On February 2,
2006, Indalex, a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Holdings, an entity
controlled by affiliates of Sun Capital Partners, Inc., acquired all of
the outstanding capital stock of Indalex Inc. and Indalex Limited from
Honeywell International Inc. 

 Industry Overview 

 An alloy is a material made up of two or more metals.
Aluminum alloy used for extrusion contains aluminum and small amounts of other
elements which are added to enhance the natural properties of aluminum with
certain specific characteristics. The different types of aluminum alloy are
characterized using a four-digit system. Aluminum alloy in the 1,000 series,
which has no other elements, aluminum alloy in the 3,000 series, which is
typically alloyed with manganese, and aluminum alloy in the 6,000 series, which
is typically alloyed with magnesium and silicon, are referred to as soft
alloy. Soft alloy is heat treatable and has a good strength to weight ratio
and corrosion resistance. Aluminum alloy in the 2,000 and 7,000 series, which
is typically alloyed with copper and zinc, respectively, is referred to as hard
alloy. Hard alloy 

9 

is heat treatable and has
very high strength characteristics. Hard alloy aluminum extrusions are commonly
used in the aerospace industry. All of our extrusions are soft alloy extrusions
and all references in this report to aluminum extrusions are to soft alloy
aluminum extrusions only. 

 Unless otherwise indicated, information contained in
this report concerning the aluminum extrusion industry and its end-user
markets and segments and our market position within them are based on management
estimates. These estimates are derived from publicly available information
released by third-party sources, as well as data from our own internal
research and assumptions we have made based on that data and our knowledge of
the aluminum extrusion industry and its end-user markets and segments,
which we believe to be reasonable. References to the Aluminum Association are
to The Aluminum Association, an industry trade association for producers of
primary aluminum, recyclers and producers of rolling, casting and extrusion
products, as well as suppliers, and references to data compiled by the Aluminum
Association are to data included in the Aluminum Statistical Review for 2005 
report dated October 2006 and other data compiled by the Aluminum Association.
Our internal research and other sources have not been verified by any
independent source, and we and the initial purchasers have not independently
verified any third-party information and cannot assure you of its
accuracy or completeness. In addition, while we believe the market position
information included herein is generally reliable, such information is
inherently imprecise. Estimates of historical growth rates in the markets in
which we operate are not necessarily indicative of future growth rates in those
markets. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding the industry or
similar data presented herein, such data involve risks and uncertainties and
are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under
the Item 1A. Risk Factors . 

 China and the United States and Canada are the second
and third largest markets in the global aluminum extrusion industry, accounting
for an estimated 44 of the global market. Approximately 4.2 billion
pounds of aluminum extrusions were produced in the United States and Canada in 2006,
representing a 4 compound annual growth rate in shipment volume from 2001.
There is no reliable industry data for the Chinese market, but we believe that
approximately 4.8 billion pounds of aluminum extrusions were produced in
that market in 2006, and that it has experienced a faster growth rate than the
U.S. and Canadian market in recent years. 

 Despite recent consolidation, the U.S. and Canadian
market remains fragmented, with approximately five to seven large aluminum
extruders shipping over 200 million pounds per year worldwide and an
estimated 120 to 150 small to mid-sized regional aluminum extruders shipping
lesser amounts. Given the cost of freight, small to mid-sized competitors generally
compete for smaller volume orders with customers within their geographic reach.
They do not benefit from scale advantages, and generally have a higher cost
structure than larger competitors. 

 We estimate the demand for aluminum extrusions in the
United States and Canada fell by approximately 2 in 2006, measured by shipment
volume. This demand is expected to be driven by the growth of the economy and
the increasing ability of aluminum to be used as a substitute for other raw
materials, primarily steel, which has a less attractive strength to weight
ratio. 

 In 2006, approximately 9 
of the total aluminum extrusions, measured by shipment volume, sold in the
United States and Canada were imported from China. While we expect this
percentage to grow over the long term, we believe there are several constraints
that will limit the penetration of Chinese imports to the United States and
Canada. First, savings in labor and manufacturing costs must offset significant
incremental freight and duty costs. Second, outsourcing to China is less cost
effective in the production of low volume, customized extrusions. Third,
certain types of aluminum extrusions do not fit easily or at all into standard
shipping containers, making it impractical to import them to the United States
and Canada. While we believe that China will continue to be an opportunity to
outsource certain of our products, we believe these constraints will limit the
threat of losing U.S. customers to Chinese extruders. 

10 

Processes 

 We offer a broad range of services, including aluminum
extrusion, fabrication, painting and anodizing. In 2006, approximately 94 of
our products were customized, made-to-order aluminum extrusions for
use in a wide array of end-user markets. 

 The figure below
illustrates the aluminum extrusion process. Our operations are represented by
the area surrounded by a dashed line. 

Aluminum extrusion. Aluminum
extrusion is the process of shaping aluminum into products or component parts
by heating it and forcing it to flow through a shaped die at the end of an
extrusion press. In the aluminum extrusion process, an aluminum billet is first
heated to approximately 900 degrees Fahrenheit, placed into an extrusion press,
and then forced, or extruded, through a uniquely shaped die to produce a piece
of metal in the shape of the die. Most of the extrusions we produce for our
customers have their own steel die designed according to their specifications.
We currently have approximately 45,000 dies for our customers. Extrusions are
then straightened by stretching and cut to the required lengths which range
from a few inches to more than 50 feet. Most extrusions are hardened by aging
in large ovens for approximately six to 12 hours where they are re-heated
to a temperature of approximately 400 degrees Fahrenheit. These extrusions are
then packaged and shipped, or receive one or more of the other services we
provide, such as fabrication, painting or anodizing as specified by the
customer. Typically, 75 of the results of the aluminum extrusion process are
salable products, and the remaining 25 are aluminum scrap, which we either
recast into aluminum billet in one of our two casting facilities or sell on the
open market to metal dealers. 

 We offer both custom and standard aluminum extrusions
in a wide variety of shapes, including solid, semi-hollow and hollow
designs. These shapes are offered as elongated products or short parts cut from

11 

lengthy longer extrusions,
and can be produced with considerable precision and tight tolerances. If a
customer needs a customized shape, we have the capability to engineer a die
that will meet the specified requirements, including parts that hinge,
interlock or self-assemble. 

 We refer to both custom and standard aluminum
extrusions that have not received any of our value-added services as mill
finish extrusions. Mill finish extrusions represented approximately 57 of our
shipment volume in 2005 and 59 of our shipment volume in 2006. Approximately
43 of our shipment volume in 2005 and 41 of our shipment volume in 2006
underwent an additional fabrication, painting or anodizing process. 

 Fabricated
components. Once the aluminum billet has been
shaped through the extrusion process, it is often fabricated to make the raw
metal suitable for the end user. We use a variety of fabrication processes,
including cutting, punching, notching, bending, drilling, tight tolerance
cutting, computerized numerical control, machining and manual and robotic
welding and assembly to serve a customized need or fit a certain use. We have
the fabrication knowledge and facilities to transform extruded aluminum into
precisely engineered components. Examples of fabricated products include a
simple cut-to-length extrusion notched and punched for use as a
door frame, a step assembly for a truck cab, a curved and fully formed trim cap
for use on an office partition and components used in heat sinks for use in key
electronics. Our fabrication capabilities range from assistance with concept
design to the delivery of a finished, ready-to-assemble part. We
believe our fabrication operations are attractive to customers interested in
outsourcing certain manufacturing in order to better control operating costs,
manage inventory or accommodate growth. Approximately 11 of our shipment
volume in 2005 and in 2006 underwent a fabrication process. 

 Our mill finish extrusions and fabricated components
can then be either painted or anodized. 

 Paint services. We believe we
are the leading painter of extruded aluminum in the United States and Canada
according to Aluminum Extruders Council data and management estimates. We have
nine wet paint lines in our facilities in the United States and Canada. The
majority of our paint lines have multiple paint booths, providing quick
throughput for multi-coat applications such as Kynar , a high
value-added wet paint used in commercial building and construction
applications. We have the ability to supply small batches of custom color or
high volume runs on standard colors, using a wide variety of types of liquid
paint from acrylic to polyester to fluoropolymer finishers. Wet paint s primary
advantage is its ability to be custom made to meet the specific color and
durability requirements of specific projects. Approximately 28 of our shipment
volume in 2005 and in 2006 was painted in one of our painting facilities. 

 We have installed in our Gainesville, Georgia
facility, what we believe to be one of the first vertical powder coat paint
lines in the United States. Powder paint is more durable than wet paint and
will permit our door and window customers to offer longer warranties at a lower
price. In powder coating, a powdered paint is sprayed and bonded
electrostatically. We have a purchase agreement with one of the leading global
paint and coating manufacturers to supply us with powder paint. We are jointly
developing and co-branding a specially formulated high-performance
powder that requires only one coat compared to up to four coats for wet paints.
Pursuant to the terms of our agreement, the supplier will co-invest in
the powder paint line and their investment will be repaid quarterly over five
years. 

 Anodizing services. Anodizing is
an electro-chemical process that converts aluminum surface into aluminum
oxide, a ceramic-like material. We offer a range of anodizing
capabilities, including basic etching, architectural anodizing and Bright Dip,
a type of anodizing which provides a polished, mirrored finish in a variety of
colors. We have four anodizing facilities in the United States, each with a
range of capabilities. For high value-added sub-segments such as
shower and tub enclosures, we produce numerous specialty finishes, such as
chemical and mechanical buffing and polishing, and mechanical graining and
sanding. We also produce a brushed nickel finish that replicates the popular
look of stainless steel at a lower cost. Approximately 8 of our shipment
volume in 2005 and 7 of our shipment volume in 2006 underwent an anodizing
process. 

12 

End Users 

 Our
aluminum extrusions are sold to a wide array of end-users that use
aluminum products in the transportation, residential and commercial building
and construction, electric and cable, consumer durables and machinery and
equipment industries. 

End-user markets 
 Served 

Primary customers 

Principal products 

Transportation (non-automotive) 

Manufacturers of
 vehicles 

Components used in truck
 trailers, trucks and 

and their suppliers 

recreational vehicles 

Residential building
 and construction 

Manufacturers,
 assemblers 

Components used in
 windows, doors, 

and contractors 

sunrooms and skylights 

Distribution channel 

Distributors of aluminum

Products sold in other
 end-user markets 

extrusions 

through distributors 

Electric and cable 

Electrical equipment 

Components used in heat
 sinks, cable 

manufacturers and
 utilities 

sheathing, electrical
 fixtures and conduit 

Commercial building and
 construction 

Manufacturers,
 assemblers 

Components used in
 commercial windows, 

and contractors 

store fronts and
 railings 

Consumer durables 

Manufacturers and 

Components used in
 office furniture, 

assemblers of finished
 goods 

refrigerators and boats 

Machinery and equipment 

Manufacturers of
 machinery 

Components used in
 ladders, scaffolds and 

and equipment 

industrial equipment
 such as conveyors 

Automotive 

Automotive suppliers 

Components used in passenger cars and light 

trucks 

Transportation (non-automotive). We provide
components for truck trailers, truck bodies, recreational vehicles, railcars,
delivery vehicles, van conversions, emergency vehicles, military vehicles,
livestock trailers and motor homes to manufacturers of vehicles and their
suppliers. Our principal focus is on truck trailer and recreational vehicle
manufacturing, and we provide products to most major trailer and recreational
vehicle manufacturers in the United States and Canada. Aluminum extrusions sold
to trailer and recreational vehicle manufacturers represented approximately 75 
of our shipment volume within this end-user market in 2005 and 80 of our
shipment volume within this end-user market in 2006. Transportation was the
fastest growing of our end-user markets in 2005 according to data
compiled by the Aluminum Association. These customers have multiple production
locations and typically require their suppliers to have manufacturing
capabilities in close proximity to their location. We believe recent increases
in steel and fuel prices have caused manufacturers to find ways to use aluminum
as a cheaper and lighter substitute for steel. For example, by substituting
aluminum for steel, trailer manufacturers can increase the fuel efficiency of
their trailers as increased aluminum content reduces the weight of a trailer,
which in turn reduces fuel costs. We believe that customers in the
transportation and other end-user markets we serve will continue to find
new ways to replace heavier, more expensive steel components with aluminum. Our
products sold to the transportation end-user market accounted for
approximately 30 of our shipment volume in 2005 and 31 of our shipment volume
in 2006, and 26 and 28 of our net sales in 2005 and in 2006. 

 We believe the recent
increase in fuel prices may provide an additional incentive for our customers
in the transportation end-user market to substitute aluminum for steel in
certain applications, which would result in an increase in the demand for
aluminum extrusions. 

 Residential building and construction. We provide
components for new and replacement windows, storm door frames, storm shutters,
railings, structural beams, patio enclosures, sunrooms, sky lights, tub 

13 

enclosures,
hurricane security shelters, boat docks and other products for manufacturers,
assemblers and contractors in the residential building and construction market.
Components used in doors and windows represented approximately 57 and 55 of
our shipment volume within this end-user market in 2005 and in 2006.
Residential construction represented the second largest end-user market
for aluminum extrusions in 2005 according to data compiled by the Aluminum
Association and management estimates. Typically, aluminum extrusion products
for the residential building and construction end-user market have higher
margins and are subject to lower risk of substitution due to the buyers 
product orientation and aluminum s high tolerance requirements. Our products
sold to the residential building and construction end-user market
accounted for approximately 28 of our shipment volume in 2005 and in 2006, and
29 and 28 of our net sales in 2005 and in 2006. 

 Commercial building and construction. We provide
components for replacement windows, wall partitions, door frames, balcony
railings, structural beams, skylights, curtain wall and store fronts to
manufacturers, assemblers and contractors for use in the construction of
commercial buildings. Similar to the residential building and construction end-user
market, aluminum extrusion products for the commercial building and
construction end-user market typically have higher than average margins.
Our products sold to the commercial building and construction end-user
market accounted for approximately 7 of our shipment volume in 2005 and in
2006, and 8 and 7 of our net sales in 2005 and in 2006. 

 Electric and cable. We provide
components for heat sinks, cable sheathing, conduit, lighting fixtures and
electrical fixtures to electrical equipment manufacturers and utilities. We
have been selling branded aluminum conduit, which is the metal pipe used to
enclose electrical wire in compliance with applicable fire code regulations,
under the Indalex Rigid Aluminum Conduit private label, for approximately
25 years. Historically, aluminum conduit had not been price competitive
with steel conduit, but recent rises in steel costs and an understanding of the
benefits of aluminum have increased acceptance of aluminum conduit in
commercial markets because it provides superior corrosion resistance and longer
usable product life, and its material costs are up to approximately 20 to 50 
less expensive than rigid steel. In addition, due to aluminum s lighter weight
and ease of handling, the cost of installation labor is up to 35 less
expensive than rigid steel. Cable sheathing is used as the protective cover for
underground cable systems and has very little substitution risk because it is
thin walled and flexible, which facilitates installation. The inherent
advantages of aluminum, such as its weight to strength ratio and its corrosion
resistance, are additional factors reducing aluminum s substitution risk in
cable sheathing. Our products sold to the electrical and cable end-user
market accounted for approximately 7 of our shipment volume in 2005 and 7 of
our shipment volume in 2006, and 8 and 7 of our net sales in 2005 and in
2006. 

 Consumer durables. We typically
provide components for office furniture and partitions, refrigerators, boats,
healthcare equipment and sporting and athletic goods to manufacturers and
assemblers of consumer goods. These customers are increasingly using aluminum
to give their products a decorative appearance while improving resistance to
corrosion and mechanical wear. The aluminum content in each of these products
tends to be low, and customers are typically less concerned with price and more
concerned with on-time delivery. We serve a majority of these customers
through our Indalex Direct program, which focuses on customers that purchase
low volumes of extrusions and place more emphasis on quality and on-time
delivery than on price sensitivity. Our products sold to the consumer durables
end-user market accounted for approximately 6 of our shipment volume in
2005 and in 2006, and 6 and 7 of our net sales in 2005 and in 2006. 

 Machinery and equipment. We provide
components for ladders, scaffolds and industrial equipment such as conveyors to
manufacturers of machinery and equipment. There is a significant amount of
fabrication work required for these products, and, as a result, there is
typically a long development process to design the extrusion to be used in
manufacturing machinery and equipment. Our engineering team works with the
customer to develop product design and specifications. Our products sold to the
machinery and equipment end-user market accounted for approximately 6 
and 5 of our shipment volume in 2005 and in 2006, and 6 and 5 of our net
sales in 2005 and in 2006. 

14 

Automotive. We provide
components to suppliers who produce component systems for automobile and light
truck manufacturers. While the automotive market is not a primary focus for
Indalex, we selectively pursue niche automotive applications where we can
provide higher margin value-added services. Aluminum extrusions sold to
automotive manufacturers and suppliers represented approximately 2 of our
shipment volume in 2005 and in 2006, and 2 of our net sales in 2005 and in
2006. 

 Distribution. We also ship
products through distributors, who in turn sell those products to end users.
These products are both standard aluminum extrusions such as rod, bar, angles,
channels and tubes and custom aluminum extrusions. The distributors of standard
aluminum extrusions typically sell to small end users, who may buy as little as
50 pounds at a time, providing a valuable stock carrying service. The
distributors of custom aluminum extrusions provide aggregating services such as
short lead times, credit or, in some cases, value-added services such as
painting or fabricating. Our products sold through distributors accounted for
approximately 14 of our shipment volume in 2005 and in 2006, and 14 of our
net sales in 2005 and in 2006. 

 Customers 

 We serve over 3,500
customers, including a broad spectrum of national, regional and local accounts.
Our largest customer represented approximately 6 of our net sales in 2005 and
2006, and our top 10 customers represented 28 of our net sales in 2005 and 29 
of our net sales in 2006. 

 We focus our efforts on
customer service and product innovation, which we believe have helped us to
establish and maintain long-standing relationships across various end-user
markets. We develop our relationships with customers by offering them a network
of manufacturing facilities in the United States and Canada, developing
customized products and solutions and focusing our sales efforts at the
customer level. We have specific dies, paint colors and other custom features
for the production of highly specialized products for many of our customers. We
work with our customers to understand their needs, and we often retool our
facilities to provide a customized set of solutions. Our top ten customers in
2006 have been purchasing our products for an average of more than 20 years. We
sell standard aluminum extrusions through distributors for use in a wide
variety of end-user markets. 

 Due to the high volume of
made-to-order business our stocking requirements to support order fulfillment
are minimal. The customer s right to return relates to production defects or
variances from specification that are to be reported within 30 days of
shipment. Standard payment terms are also 30 days from shipment. 

 Raw Materials 

 Aluminum 

 Our principal raw material
is aluminum billet purchased on the open market or supplied by one of our two
casting facilities, which use aluminum scrap and ingot to produce billet.
Aluminum is a commodity and, as such, has a value based upon a variety of
market driven factors. The price of aluminum ingot is primarily set by supply
and demand on the London Metal Exchange, or the LME. Like many exchange-traded commodities,
the price is subject to periodic fluctuation in the short-term, often due
to the actions of commodity market speculators. Aluminum billet and ingot
represented 596.2 million or 63 of our cost of sales in 2005 and 763.9 million
or 66 of our cost of sales in 2006. Aluminum scrap is generated in our
extrusion operations and is used, together with purchases of aluminum ingot
from third parties, in our casting facilities to manufacture aluminum billets. 

 We have aluminum billet
casting capability at two casting facilities. In 2005, we sold approximately
12 , or 23 million pounds, of our manufactured billet to third party customers,
which represented approximately 1 of our net sales in 2005. In 2006, we sold
approximately 10 , or 19 million pounds, of our manufactured billet to third
party customers, which represented approximately 1 of our net sales in 2006.
The first step in the casting process is to melt primary aluminum ingot and
aluminum scrap in a large furnace. Molten aluminum must be at least 10 to 15 
aluminum ingot with approximately 80 to 90 aluminum scrap to meet the purity
requirement for 6000 series soft alloy aluminum. The molten aluminum 

15 

is
either directly alloyed in the furnace or transferred to another furnace where
the alloying materials are added. The aluminum is then cast into logs of
varying diameters with lengths of up to 16 feet. These logs are heated and then
cooled at a controlled rate to allow the cast aluminum to achieve the optimally
distributed chemical composition for extrusion. Afterwards, the aluminum logs
are either cut into shorter lengths called aluminum billets, the primary raw
material for the production of aluminum extrusions, or transferred to our
extrusion plant in log form for subsequent production of aluminum extrusions as
well as to third party customers. Our in-house billet casting
capabilities supplied us with approximately 21 of our aluminum billet needs in
2005 and in 2006. 

 We seek to reduce our
exposure to the volatility in base aluminum prices by passing cost increases
through to customers or by hedging against committed fixed price sales. We
limit our hedging activities to committed purchases and sales and do not engage
in speculative hedging. We also seek to maintain inventory at levels consistent
with operating needs through centralized purchasing and logistics. 

 Electricity and
Natural Gas 

 We use electricity and
natural gas to heat aluminum billets as part of the extrusion process. We also
use electricity and natural gas at our casting facilities to produce aluminum
billets. We purchase natural gas used for heating during the extrusion process
from a third party using 36-month forward purchase contracts that we
enter into on a monthly basis. This hedging program has insulated us from
recent increases in natural gas prices. We purchase a portion of our
electricity requirements pursuant to long term contracts in the regions in which
we operate. A number of our facilities are located in regions with regulated
prices. We spent approximately 25.9 million on electricity and natural
gas in 2005, which represented approximately 2.7 of our cost of sales for that
year, and 31.2 million in 2006, which represented 2.7 of our cost of sales
for that period. 

 Paint 

 We purchase paint for use
in our painting operation in seven of our facilities. Paint is currently
purchased in liquid form and applied by spraying in large vertical paint
booths. We spent approximately 9.2 million on paint in 2005, which
represented approximately 1 of our cost of sales for that year, and
approximately 12.8 million in 2006, which represented approximately 1 of our cost of sales for that
period. 

 Principal Suppliers 

 Our principal raw
material, aluminum billet, is a global commodity and is widely available. There
are a large number of global, large scale aluminum billet suppliers for the
extrusion industry. We purchase our aluminum billet from approximately 15
different suppliers around the world, including suppliers in the United States,
Canada, South America and the Middle East, including the United Arab Emirates
and Bahrain. Approximately 76 of our aluminum billet that we purchased from
third parties was purchased in the United States and Canada in 2006. We
purchased approximately 14 of our aluminum billet requirements that we
purchased from third parties from South America and the Middle East in 2006. We
purchased 63 of our annual aluminum billet requirements from five suppliers in
2006. Our largest billet supplier is Alcoa Inc. which represented 26 of
our aluminum billet supply in 2006. We purchased approximately 650 million
pounds of aluminum billet from third parties in 2006, which permits us to
maintain numerous strategic sourcing arrangements and capitalize on regional
price and supply imbalances and source low cost aluminum billet without
sacrificing quality. Furthermore, our internal casting capabilities, which
provide low cost billet by converting production scrap generated through the
extrusion process, provided 21 of our total aluminum billet supply in 2006.
The casting facilities provide greater certainty of supply during periods of
aluminum billet shortages. 

 Our largest supplier of
liquid paint, PPG Industries, provides us with approximately 90 of our paint
requirements. Our contract with PPG Industries expires in 2008. We purchase
paint from three other suppliers, and since liquid paint is largely a
commodity, we can shift our purchases among suppliers. 

16 

Asia Aluminum Group 

 We have an 25.01 ownership interest in Asia Aluminum
Group Limited, or AAG, by virtue of an investment decision by a prior owner.
Our principal investment partner, Asia Aluminum Holdings Limited, or AAH, was
founded in 1992 and was a publicly traded company listed on the Main Board of
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, until the privatization discussed below took
place. AAG is recognized by the Ministry of Construction of China as one of the
largest investor-owned aluminum extrusion businesses in Asia and serves
the infrastructure, transportation, industrial and home improvement end-user
markets in China, the United States, and the Pacific Rim. AAG currently
operates five production facilities in Nanhai in China s Guangdong Province with
an aggregate capacity of 150,000 metric tons per year. AAG is starting up a new
facility in the neighboring city Zhaoqing, which will include modern extrusion
and casting equipment and is expected to increase its extrusion capacity to
300,000 metric tons per year. 

 We do not have the ability to exercise any control
over the day-to-day operations of AAG through our minority
ownership interest. However, so long as we retain at least a 10 ownership
interest of AAG, certain specified actions by AAG require our prior approval.
For example, we must approve any issuance of any new shares or securities, any
changes to the authorized or issued share capital, the incurrence of additional
debt that would cause AAG s aggregate debt to exceed HK 10.0 million and
any capital expenditures in aggregate that exceed HK 15.0 million. If a
disagreement arises between us and AAH with respect to any action requiring our
consent, and we are unable to resolve this disagreement, we will have the right
to sell our entire ownership interest in AAG to AAH. In the event we exercise
this right, AAH will purchase our shares of AAG at a price agreed upon by us
and AAH, or in the absence of such agreement, at a price determined by an
independent international firm of accountants in accordance with the terms of
the AAG shareholders agreement. If AAG commits a material breach of the
shareholders agreement and does not remedy the breach within 30 days after we
serve a default notice, we may exercise a call option to purchase all of AAH s
share of AAG at 95 of their fair value as determined by an international firm
of accountants. If AAG incurs additional debt that does not cause AAG s
aggregate debt to exceed HK 10.0 million, we will be required to
guarantee our pro rata share of such additional debt. We may also be required
to guarantee certain indebtedness of AAG. See Item 1A. Risk Factors We
may be required to guarantee certain indebtedness of AAG. AAG is required to distribute not less than
40 of its realized profits in each fiscal year to us and AAH. We are entitled
to receive an annual cash dividend equal to our approximately 25 share of at
least 40 of the net realized profits of AAG. 

 Pursuant to the stock purchase agreement with AAH, we
have agreed not to engage in any competing aluminum extrusion activities in
China so long as we have an ownership interest in AAG. 

 We also have a non-exclusive
long-term supply arrangement with AAG to import aluminum extrusions.
Purchases under this agreement are done by purchase order. This non-exclusive
supply agreement with AAG provides for arms-length pricing, which is
based on the prevailing three month forward price quoted on the LME at the time
our order is confirmed plus a processing fee based on the complexity of the
extrusion products. The agreement does not require us to purchase any specified
quantity and does not require AAG to supply any specified quantity. We used AAG
for approximately 87 and 93 of our total import volume in 2005 and for 2006,
respectively. Our orders represented approximately 4.2 of AAG s sales for its
fiscal year ended June 30, 2006. See our combined financial statements and
the related notes included elsewhere in this report. 

17 

Pricing and Hedging 

 We offer our
customers four basic pricing alternatives. On approximately 90 of our shipment
volume, we either pass on the cost of base aluminum directly to our customers
or specifically hedge the cost of base aluminum that is charged to our
customers. Our four pricing mechanisms and our estimates of the percentage of
our shipment volume attributable to each are as follows: 

 Formula
pricing. Formula pricing is based on: (1) the prior month
simple average of aluminum ingot cost published on the LME, (2) the MWP,
which is the published prior month simple average of cost of aluminum shipping
and warehousing, and (3) a conversion margin for our services, which is
the negotiated cost for mill finish extrusion and any value-added
services we provide. The cost published on the LME plus the MWP is referred to
as the base aluminum cost. In formula pricing, the base aluminum cost is
passed on to our customers. We use hedge instruments to mitigate our exposure
to changes in the base aluminum price for the time period between our purchase
of aluminum billet and when we process it for a customer order. Formula based
pricing is a common form of pricing in the aluminum extrusion industry and
represents approximately 65 of our shipment volume. 

 Fixed
price contracts. With a fixed price contract, the customer is charged a
flat price for a specific time period, and there is a fixed price for the base
aluminum. We use hedge instruments traded on the LME to specifically hedge our
exposure under fixed price contracts. We also attempt to manage our exposure to
changes in the MWP through the use of hedge instruments. Fixed price contracts
represent approximately 20 of our shipment volume. 

 Spot
pricing. In spot pricing, the price for an aluminum extrusion is set in
advance. We review the spot price monthly and adjust the spot price
periodically for changes in the base aluminum price. Spot pricing is primarily
used for customers who want the certainty of a price at order time but cannot
commit to the volume required of a fixed price contract. Because the spot price
is set in advance, spot pricing does not pass increases in the cost of base
aluminum to the customer. Rather, we adjust spot prices as base aluminum costs
increase. Spot pricing represents approximately 10 of our shipment volume. 

 Toll
conversion. Toll conversion is an arrangement in which customers provide
aluminum ingot to fill existing and future extrusion orders. When the extrusion
is shipped, we bill only for the conversion margin on the extrusion. Toll
conversion represents approximately 5 of our shipment volume. 

 Sales and Marketing 

 Traditionally, sales
personnel worked at each manufacturing facility and were responsible only for
the production of aluminum extrusions at their respective facilities. In 2002,
we shifted our efforts from selling plant capacity to selling customer
solutions by centralizing our sales effort and assigning sales personnel to a
specific customer. 

 In 2004, we further
refined our sales effort by segmenting the sales personnel by customer type as
well as by service. We created a structure with three customer groups: National, Regional and Indalex Direct.
Separately, there is an international sales force responsible for promoting the
Asia Secure program as well as working with customers that seek offshore
sourcing solutions. This sales structure keeps the sales force focused on
customers based on how those customers purchase from us. 

 Our
sales force divisions are responsible for the three customer groups as follows: 

 The
National Accounts division comprised ten accounts and approximately 24 of our
shipment volume in 2006. The division markets to large, consolidated, multi-location
buyers that typically require their suppliers to have nationwide sourcing,
production and delivery capabilities. 

18 

These customers are
serviced in multiple locations out of multiple facilities and are looking to
set shared objectives and work with us as partners toward their goals. The
primary goal of this division is to grow our business with these customers, by
increasing account share, increasing sales of value-added services and
increasing the use of outsourcing from China for some of their products. 

 The
Regional Accounts division comprised approximately 1,800 accounts and
approximately 67 of our shipment volume in 2006. The division focuses on
medium to large customers that buy primarily based on plant location and
relationships. This division solicits new accounts and also strives to grow
account share with existing customers. A primary focus of the Regional Accounts
division is to increase international business and develop incremental value-added
solutions. 

 The
Indalex Direct division comprised approximately 1,700 accounts and
approximately 9 of our shipment volume in 2006. The division actively solicits
new accounts that are smaller than the accounts served by the Regional Accounts
division. A typical Indalex Direct customer purchases less than 200,000 pounds
of extrusion annually and is generally less price sensitive than larger
customers. These customers typically use aluminum for a small part of their end
product and place more emphasis on on-time delivery. The Indalex Direct
sales division generated approximately 400 new customers during 2006. 

 To further develop our
relationship with customers we launched our Products Team in 2004. The Products
Team is a group of field-based experts focusing on the fabrication,
painting and anodizing businesses which report to each of the sales force
groups. 

 Competition 

 Our competitors in the
United States and Canadian market include Alcoa Inc., Norsk Hydro ASA,
Sapa AB, Kaiser Aluminum Corporation and Tredegar Corporation. We also compete
with approximately 120 to 150 small to mid-sized regional operators. The
North American aluminum extruding industry is highly competitive, with pressure
coming from international producers looking to grow their North American
capabilities. Despite some recent consolidation, the aluminum extrusion
industry remains fragmented, with a handful of major competitors and many
smaller, regional and local operators. We have historically competed against
fully integrated aluminum providers as well as other independent aluminum
extruders. 

 We compete on the basis of
product quality, on-time delivery performance and price, with price
representing a more important factor for our larger customers and for sales of
standard aluminum extrusions. Smaller OEM customers tend to be more concerned
with on-time delivery, whereas larger customers that order large volume
shipments tend to be more price sensitive. 

 In 2006, approximately 9 
of the total aluminum extrusions sold in the United States and Canada were
imported from China, up from less than 1 in 2000. While we expect this
percentage to grow over the long term, we believe there are several constraints
that will limit the penetration of Chinese imports to the United States and
Canada. First, savings in labor and manufacturing costs must offset significant
incremental freight and duty costs. Second, outsourcing to China is less cost
effective in the production of low volume, customized extrusions. Third,
certain types of aluminum extrusions do not fit easily or at all into standard
shipping containers. While we believe that China will continue to be an
opportunity to outsource certain products, we believe these constraints will
limit the threat of losing U.S. customers to Chinese suppliers. 

 Employees 

 As of December 31,
2006, we had approximately 3,000 employees, approximately 1,900, or 64 , of
whom were covered under union contracts. Our facilities are covered by 13 union
agreements, with no one 

19 

agreement
covering more than 10 of our overall work force. The contract at our
Mountaintop, Pennsylvania facility expired on March 1, 2006. Despite
reaching an agreement with the union bargaining committee, the employees did
not ratify the agreement, and the employees at this facility went on strike
effective May 1, 2006. We finalized an agreement on May 5, 2006, and
the employees at this facility returned to work that day. The contract covering
our Niles, Ohio and Vancouver, British Columbia facilities were successfully renegotiated
during 2006. Three more contracts will expire in 2007, including expirations of
our contracts covering our Burlington, North Carolina and Calgary, Alberta
facilities, which each expire on April 30, 2007. We have historically
maintained satisfactory relations with all of our unions. We have experienced
four work stoppages in the last ten years, including the one described
above, and prior to that, a one-week work stoppage in Mississauga, Ontario
in 2003. In January 2006, we successfully renegotiated the contract at our
Mississauga plant and in April 2006, we successfully renegotiated the
contract at our Modesto, California plant. 

 Backlog 

 We have a significant
backlog of orders, which during the summer months is typically equal to more
than our average monthly shipment volume during that period. The backlog allows
us to effectively plan our production shifts and to transfer business around
our network of facilities. Our backlog is generally lower in the winter months
but generally does not fall below 60 of our monthly shipments during that
period. As of December 31, 2006, our backlog had a value of approximately
 77.0 million, all of which is expected to ship during fiscal 2007. As of December 31,
2005, our backlog had a value of approximately 82.0 million. 

 Environmental Matters 

 We are subject to extensive
and evolving environmental laws, regulations and rules that have been
enacted in response to technological advances and increased concern over
environmental issues. These regulations are administered by the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency, or the EPA, and other federal, state and
local environmental, transportation and health and safety agencies. We believe
that over time there will continue to be increased legislation, regulation and
regulatory enforcement actions. 

 In order to operate our
business, we must obtain and maintain one or more permits for each of our
facilities and comply with complex regulations and rules governing air
emissions, waste water discharges, the use, storage, treatment and disposal of
solid and hazardous wastes and other items which might affect environmental
quality. As a result, we are, from time to time, required to make expenditures
for pollution control equipment and for other purposes related to our permits
and compliance. For example, by the end of 2007, certain of our manufacturing
facilities, including those in Gainesville, Georgia; Montreal, Quebec; and
Girard, Ohio may be required to comply with more stringent air emission
regulations applicable to metal parts coating operations. Compliance with these
regulations may require certain operational upgrades at these facilities. In
addition, from time to time we are subject to enforcement actions or penalties
for failing to comply with environmental regulations. For example, we paid an
 80,000 penalty to the EPA in January 2005 to settle allegations that our
facility in Modesto, California had failed to accurately report certain
chemicals handled at that facility. 

20 

Among the laws that may
affect us are the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and
Liability Act of 1980, or CERCLA, and analogous state laws that, in certain
circumstances, may impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault,
on persons who own or operate locations where there has been, or is threatened
to be, a release of hazardous substances into the environment, as well as on
persons who disposed of or arranged for the disposal of such substances at such
locations. These persons may become liable for the costs of investigating and
remediating contamination at these locations. There are often also substantial
legal and administrative expenses incurred in dealing with remediation claims
and activities. Hazardous substances have been detected at some of our current
and former properties, as well as at sites to which we have sent wastes for
disposal. As part of our environmental management program, we are currently
involved in investigatory or remedial actions at certain of these properties.
For example, we are currently conducting investigatory actions at our owned and
operated facility in Watsonville, California and at a property that we formerly
owned and operated as a manufacturing facility in Dayton, New Jersey. We have
established a reserve in the amount of 1,190,000 to cover the cost of cleaning
up contamination at these and certain other current and former properties. We
have also been identified as potentially responsible party under CERCLA with
respect to approximately nineteen offsite locations to which we sent waste
materials for disposal in the past. We have established a reserve totaling 480,000
to cover our anticipated liabilities at certain of these sites. 

 We cannot predict what
environmental legislation or regulations will be enacted in the future, how
existing and future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted, or
what environmental conditions may be found to exist. Enactment of more
stringent laws or regulations or more strict interpretation of existing laws
and regulations could require additional expenditures by us, some of which
could be material. We are not a party to any judicial or administrative
proceedings relating to environmental issues. 

 ITEM 1A. RISK
FACTORS 

 Risk Factors Related to the Notes 

 Our substantial
amount of indebtedness may adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to
operate our business, remain in compliance with debt covenants and make
payments on our indebtedness, including the notes. 

 We are
a highly leveraged company, and our substantial level of indebtedness increases
the risk that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay amounts due
in respect of our indebtedness, including the notes. The aggregate amount of
our outstanding indebtedness was 328.6 million as of December 31,
2006. Our substantial indebtedness, combined with our other financial
obligations and contractual commitments could have other important consequences
to holders of the notes. For example, it could: 

 make it more
difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness,
including under the notes, and any failure to comply with the obligations of
any of our debt instruments, including any financial and other restrictive
covenants, could result in an event of default under the indenture governing
the notes or under the agreements governing our other indebtedness which, if
not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of our indebtedness under
the revolving credit facility and under the notes; 

 make us more
vulnerable to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive
conditions and to adverse changes in government regulation; 

 require us to
dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on
our indebtedness, including any indebtedness we may incur in the future,
thereby reducing the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital,
capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

21 

increase our
interest expense if interest rates in general increase because all of our
indebtedness under our revolving credit facility bears interest at floating
rates; 

 limit our
flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the
industry in which we operate; 

 place us at a
competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and 

 limit our
ability to borrow additional amounts or to sell capital stock for working
capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements,
execution of our business strategy or other general corporate purposes. 

 Any of the above listed
factors could materially adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial
condition and results of operations. 

 To service our
indebtedness, we will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to
generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, and any failure to
meet our debt service obligations could harm our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

 We may not generate sufficient
cash to satisfy our debt service obligation. Our ability to make payments on
and to refinance our indebtedness, including our revolving credit facility and
the notes, and to fund our operations, working capital, capital expenditures
and acquisitions will principally depend upon our ability to generate cash flow
from operations in the future. To a certain extent, our cash flow is subject to
general economic, industry, financial, competitive, operating, legislative,
regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. In
addition, all of our indebtedness under our revolving credit facility bears
interest at floating rates, and therefore if interest rates increase, our debt
service requirements will also increase. 

 If we do not generate
sufficient cash flow from operations or if future borrowings under our
revolving credit facility or from other sources are not available to us in an
amount sufficient to satisfy our debt service obligations, including payments
on the notes, or to fund our other liquidity needs, we may have to take
actions, such as refinancing or restructuring our indebtedness, including the
notes, selling assets, reducing or delaying capital expenditures and
acquisitions or seeking to raise additional capital, any of which could have a
material adverse effect on our operations. Additionally, we cannot assure you
that we will be able to effect any of these actions, if necessary, on
commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Our ability to restructure or
refinance our indebtedness, including our revolving credit facility and the
notes, will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial
condition at such time. 

 Any refinancing of our
debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more
onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The
terms of existing or future debt instruments, including the credit agreement
governing our revolving credit facility and the indenture governing the notes,
may limit or prevent us from taking any of these actions. In addition, any failure
to make scheduled payments of interest and principal on our outstanding
indebtedness would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which
could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on commercially
reasonable terms or at all. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to
satisfy our debt service obligations, or to refinance or restructure our
obligations on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would have an adverse
effect, which could be material, on our business, financial condition and
results of operations, as well as on our ability to satisfy our obligations in
respect of the notes or the revolving credit facility. 

22 

Despite our
substantial indebtedness, we may still incur significantly more debt, which
could further exacerbate the risks described above. 

 Although covenants under
the credit agreement governing our revolving credit facility and the indenture
governing the notes limit our ability and the ability of our present and future
subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness, the terms of the credit
agreement and the indenture permit us to incur significant additional
indebtedness, including unused availability under our revolving credit
facility, which could further exacerbate the risk that we may be unable to meet
our debt service obligations. As of December 31, 2006, we had 95.3
million available for additional borrowing under our revolving credit facility
(after giving effect to 55.7 million of borrowings and 10.4 million of
outstanding undrawn letters of credit), all of which was first-priority
secured, and therefore, effectively senior to the notes. In addition, neither
the credit agreement nor the indenture prevent us from incurring obligations
that do not constitute indebtedness as defined in those documents. To the
extent that we incur additional indebtedness or such other obligations, the
risks associated with our substantial indebtedness described above, including
our possible inability to service our debt, would increase. 

 Indalex Holding
Corp. is a holding company, and therefore its ability to repay its indebtedness, including
the notes, is dependent on cash flow generated by its subsidiaries and their
ability to make distributions to Indalex Holding Corp. 

 In the event that Indalex
Holding Corp. does not receive distributions from our subsidiaries, or to the
extent that the earnings from, or other available assets of, its subsidiaries
are insufficient, it may be unable to make required principal and interest
payments on our indebtedness, including the notes. Indalex Holding Corp. is a
holding company with no significant operations or material assets other than
the capital stock of its subsidiaries. As a result, its ability to repay its
indebtedness, including the notes, is dependent on the generation of cash flow
by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to Indalex
Holding Corp., by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. Unless they are
guarantors of the notes, its subsidiaries do not have any obligation to pay
amounts due on the notes or to make funds available for that purpose. 

 Further, while Holdings
and each of our domestic subsidiaries unconditionally guarantee the notes and
the guarantees are secured on a second-priority basis by substantially
all of the guarantors assets, such guarantees and the related security
interests could be rendered unenforceable for the reasons described below. In
the event that such guarantees and security interests were rendered
unenforceable, the holders of the notes would lose their direct claim against
the entities holding substantially all of our operating assets. 

 In addition, our
subsidiaries may not be able to, or be permitted to, make distributions to
enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness, including the notes.
Each of our subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity and, under certain
circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions, as well as the financial
condition and operating requirements of our subsidiaries, may limit our ability
to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. While the indenture governing the notes
limits the ability of our subsidiaries to incur consensual restrictions on
their ability to pay dividends or make other intercompany payments to us, these
limitations are subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. For example,
under the indenture governing the notes, Indalex Holding Corp. s foreign
subsidiaries are permitted to incur indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to
exceed 15 million and the terms of such indebtedness may include, among
other things, restrictions on their ability to make distributions to their
parent entities and Indalex Holding Corp. s foreign subsidiaries are permitted
to incur purchase money indebtedness, subject to the limits described under Description
of the Notes, that limits their ability to transfer the assets being financed. 

 In addition, Holdings also
guarantees the notes. However, Holdings is also a holding company whose entire
operating income and cash flow is derived from Indalex Holding Corp. and whose
only material asset is the capital stock of Indalex Holding Corp. Therefore,
you should not place undue reliance on Holdings guarantee in evaluating
whether to invest in the notes. 

23 

There may not be
sufficient collateral to pay all or any of the notes. 

 In the event of a
foreclosure, liquidation, bankruptcy or similar proceeding, the proceeds from
any sale or liquidation of the collateral may be insufficient to pay our
obligations under the notes, in full or at all, after first satisfying our
obligations in full under the first-priority lien obligations and any other
obligations secured by a first-priority lien on the collateral. Indebtedness
under the U.S. portion of our revolving credit facility, guarantees by the
guarantors of the notes of the indebtedness under the Canadian revolving credit
sub-facility and obligations in respect of hedging obligations or certain
cash management services are secured by (i) a first-priority lien on
substantially all of the assets directly owned by Indalex Holding Corp. and
each guarantor and (ii) a first-priority pledge of 100 of the
capital stock of Indalex Holding Corp. and Indalex Holding Corp. s domestic
subsidiaries and of 65 of the capital stock of Indalex Holding Corp. s foreign
subsidiaries directly owned by Indalex Holding Corp. or any of its domestic
subsidiaries. In addition, indebtedness under the Canadian revolving credit sub-facility
is secured by substantially all of the assets of Indalex Holding Corp., each
guarantor of the notes and certain foreign subsidiaries of Indalex Holding
Corp. and by a first-priority pledge of 100 of the capital stock of Indalex
Holding Corp., each guarantor of the notes and all foreign subsidiaries of Indalex
Holding Corp. The notes are secured by a second-priority lien on the
assets directly owned by Indalex Holding Corp. and each guarantor to the extent
such assets secure the borrowings under our revolving credit facility and a
second-priority pledge of 100 of Indalex Holding Corp. s and its
domestic subsidiaries capital stock and 65 of the capital stock of our
foreign subsidiaries directly owned by Indalex Holding Corp. or any domestic
subsidiary (in each case, subject to certain limitations). In the event of a
bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or similar proceeding
against us or any existing or future domestic subsidiary, the assets and
capital stock that are pledged as shared collateral securing the first-priority
lien obligations and the notes must be used first to pay the applicable first-priority
lien obligations in full before making any payments on the notes. 

 As of December 31,
2006, Indalex Holding Corp. s senior indebtedness was 328.6 million, all
of which was secured. Of the 328.6 million in secured indebtedness,
 5.9 million were capital lease obligations, and 55.7 million were
first-priority lien obligations and, therefore, effectively senior in right
of payment to the notes. In addition, the credit agreement governing our
revolving credit facility and the indenture governing the notes allow us to
incur a significant amount of additional first-priority lien obligations,
including the remaining availability of our revolving credit facility, and
additional second-priority secured indebtedness in an amount that may be
significant. Any additional indebtedness or obligations secured by a lien on
the collateral securing the notes (whether senior to or equal with the second-priority
lien of the notes) will adversely affect the relative position of the holders
of the notes with respect to the collateral securing the notes. 

 The assets owned by our
foreign subsidiaries are not part of the initial collateral securing the notes
but certain of such assets do, as of the closing date, secure the Canadian
Borrower s borrowings under the Canadian revolving credit sub-facility.
As of December 31, 2006, our foreign subsidiaries had 271.3 million
of total assets and 235.4 million of total indebtedness and other
liabilities, including trade payables. Our foreign subsidiaries are permitted
to incur substantial indebtedness in compliance with the covenants under our
revolving credit facility and the indenture governing the notes. Although the
notes are secured by a second-priority pledge of 65 of the capital stock
of Indalex Holding Corp. s foreign subsidiaries directly owned by Indalex
Holding Corp. or any of its domestic subsidiaries, in the event of a
liquidation, bankruptcy or similar proceeding, the holders of notes would not
receive any amounts with respect to the notes from the assets of such foreign
subsidiary until after the payment in full of such foreign subsidiaries 
creditors, including preferred stockholders, and the lenders under our
revolving credit facility. With respect to those assets that are not part of
the collateral securing the notes but which secure other obligations, the notes
are effectively junior to these obligations to the extent of the value of such
assets. 

24 

There is
no requirement that the holders of the first-priority lien obligations
first look to these excluded assets before foreclosing, selling, or otherwise
acting upon the collateral shared with the notes. 

 The value of the
collateral at any time will depend on market and other economic conditions,
including the availability of suitable buyers for the collateral. By their
nature, some or all of the pledged assets may be illiquid and may have no
readily ascertainable market value. The value of the assets pledged as
collateral for the notes could be impaired in the future as a result of
changing economic conditions, our failure to implement our business strategy,
competition and other future trends. Accordingly, there may not be sufficient
collateral to pay all or any of the amounts due on the notes. Any claim for the
difference between the amount, if any, realized by holders of the notes from
the sale of the collateral securing the notes and the obligations under the
notes will rank equally in right of payment with all of our other unsecured
unsubordinated indebtedness and other obligations, including trade payables. 

 Holders of notes
will not control decisions regarding collateral. 

 The holders of the first-priority
lien obligations control substantially all matters related to the collateral
securing the first-priority lien obligations and the notes. To the extent
shared collateral is released from securing the first-priority lien
obligations, the second-priority liens securing the notes will also
automatically be released. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the intercreditor
agent under the intercreditor agreement and the collateral agent under the
first-lien security agreements, is one of the principal lenders under our
revolving credit facility. The holders of the first-priority lien
obligations may cause the collateral agent to dispose of, release or foreclose
on, or take other actions with respect to the shared collateral with which
holders of the notes may disagree or that may be contrary to the interests of
holders of the notes. In addition, the security documents generally provide
that, so long as the first-priority lien obligations are in effect, the
holders of the first-priority lien obligations may change, waive, modify
or vary the security documents without the consent of the holders of the notes,
provided that any such change, waiver or modification does not materially
adversely affect the rights of the holders of the notes and not the other
secured creditors in a like or similar manner. 

 Furthermore, the security
documents generally allow us and our subsidiaries to remain in possession of,
retain exclusive control over, to freely operate, and to collect, invest and
dispose of any income from, the collateral securing the notes. In addition, to
the extent we sell any assets that constitute collateral, the proceeds from
such sale will be subject to the second-priority lien securing the notes
only to the extent such proceeds would otherwise constitute collateral 
securing the notes under the security documents. To the extent the proceeds
from any such sale of collateral do not constitute collateral under the
security documents, the pool of assets securing the notes would be reduced and
the notes would not be secured by such proceeds. In addition, if we sell any of
our domestic assets which constitute collateral securing the notes and, with
the proceeds from such sale, purchase assets which would not constitute
collateral, the holders of the notes would not receive a security interest in
such assets purchased. 

 The capital stock
securing the notes will automatically be released from the second-priority
lien and no longer be deemed to be collateral to the extent the pledge of such
capital stock would require the filing with the SEC of separate financial
statements for the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries. 

 Rule 3-16 of
Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC requires financial statements
of an entity to be provided if the capital stock or other securities of such
entity constitute collateral for a class of registered securities and if the
greatest of the par value, book value or market value of such capital stock or
securities equals 20 or more of the principal amount of the secured class of
securities. As a result, the indenture governing the notes and the security
documents provide that, to the extent that separate financial statements of Indalex
Holding Corp. or any of its subsidiaries would be required by the rules of
the SEC (or any other governmental agency) due to the fact that Indalex Holding
Corp. s or such subsidiary s capital stock or other securities secure the
notes, then such capital stock or other securities will automatically be deemed
not to be part of the collateral securing the notes to the extent necessary to
not 

25 

be
subject to such requirement. In such event, the security documents may be
amended, without the consent of any holder of notes, to the extent necessary to
release the second-priority liens on such capital stock or securities.
The book value and market value of the capital stock of each of Indalex Holding
Corp. and Indalex Inc. currently exceeds 20 of the aggregate principal
amount of the notes. As a result, the pledge of the capital stock and other
securities of these entities with respect to the notes is limited such that the
percentage of the capital stock of each such entity that is pledged has a value
of less than 20 of the aggregate principal amount of the notes. As of December 31,
2006 the net book value of the capital stock securing the notes was 59.3
million and the book value of all other property and assets securing the notes
was 260.8 million. 

 Rights of holders
of notes in the collateral may be adversely affected by bankruptcy proceedings. 

 The right of the
collateral agent to repossess and dispose of the collateral securing the notes
upon acceleration is likely to be significantly impaired by federal bankruptcy
law if bankruptcy proceedings are commenced by or against us prior to or
possibly even after the collateral agent has repossessed and disposed of the
collateral. Consequently, rights of holders of notes in the collateral may be
adversely affected by bankruptcy proceedings. Under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, a
secured creditor, such as the collateral agent, is prohibited from repossessing
its security from a debtor in a bankruptcy case, or from disposing of security
repossessed from a debtor, without bankruptcy court approval. 

 Moreover, bankruptcy law
permits the debtor to continue to retain and to use collateral, and the
proceeds, products, rents or profits of the collateral, even though the debtor
is in default under the applicable debt instruments, provided that the secured
creditor is given adequate protection. The meaning of the term adequate
protection may vary according to circumstances, but it is intended in general
to protect the value of the secured creditor s interest in the collateral and
may include cash payments or the granting of additional security, if and at
such time as the court in its discretion determines, for any diminution in the
value of the collateral as a result of the stay of repossession or disposition
or any use of the collateral by the debtor during the pendency of the
bankruptcy case. In view of the broad discretionary powers of a bankruptcy
court, it is impossible to predict how long payments under the notes could be
delayed following commencement of a bankruptcy case, whether or when the
collateral agent would repossess or dispose of the collateral, or whether or to
what extent holders of the notes would be compensated for any delay in payment
of loss of value of the collateral through the requirements of adequate
protection. Furthermore, in the event the bankruptcy court determines that the
value of the collateral is not sufficient to repay all amounts due on the
notes, the holders of the notes would have undersecured claims as to the
difference. Federal bankruptcy laws do not permit the payment or accrual of
interest, costs and attorneys fees for undersecured claims during the
debtors bankruptcy case. 

 Rights of holders
of notes in the collateral may be adversely affected by the failure to perfect
security interests in certain collateral acquired in the future. 

 The security interest in
the collateral securing the notes includes domestic assets, both tangible and
intangible, whether now owned or acquired or arising in the future. The failure
to perfect the security interest in after-acquired collateral may result in the
loss of the security interest therein or the priority of the security interest
in favor of the notes against third parties. Applicable law requires that
certain property and rights acquired after the grant of a general security
interest can only be perfected at the time such property and rights are
acquired and identified. The trustee or the collateral agent may fail to
monitor our future acquisition of property and rights that constitute
collateral, and the necessary action may not be taken to properly perfect the
security interest in such after-acquired collateral. 

26 

Restrictive
covenants in the credit agreement governing our revolving credit facility and
the indenture governing the notes may limit our current and future operations,
particularly our ability to respond to changes in our business or to pursue our
business strategies. 

 Our
credit agreement governing the revolving credit facility and the indenture
governing the notes contain, and any future indebtedness of ours may contain, a
number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial
restrictions, including restrictions on our ability to take actions that we
believe may be in our interest. Our credit agreement and the indenture, among
other things, limit our ability to: 

 incur
additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness; 

 pay dividends
on or make distributions in respect of capital stock or make certain other
restricted payments or investments; 

 enter into
agreements that restrict distributions from restricted subsidiaries; 

 sell or
otherwise dispose of assets, including capital stock of restricted
subsidiaries; 

 enter into
transactions with affiliates; 

 create or
incur liens; 

 enter into
sale/leaseback transactions; 

 merge,
consolidate or sell substantially all of our assets; 

 make
investments and acquire assets; 

 make certain
payments on indebtedness; 

 amend certain
material agreements; 

 issue certain
preferred stock or similar equity securities; and 

 change our
fiscal year. 

 Also, the credit agreement
governing our revolving credit facility requires us to maintain compliance with
a fixed charge coverage ratio if either an average borrowing availability over
a three-calendar-month period (or twelve-calendar-week
period, as the case may be) or actual borrowing availability for four
consecutive business days falls below 25.0 million. Our ability to comply
with this ratio may be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot
assure you that we will meet this ratio. 

 The
restrictions contained in the credit agreement governing the revolving credit
facility and in the indenture governing the notes could adversely affect our
ability to: 

 finance our
operations; 

 make needed
capital expenditures; 

 make strategic
acquisitions or investments or enter into alliances; 

 withstand a
future downturn in our business or the economy in general; 

 engage in
business activities, including future opportunities, that may be in our
interest; and 

 plan for or
react to market conditions or otherwise execute our business strategies. 

27 

A breach of the
restrictive covenants in the credit agreement governing our revolving credit
facility or the indenture governing the notes, or our inability to comply with
the fixed charge coverage ratio in the credit agreement, would have adverse
consequences to you as a holder of the notes. 

 A breach of any of the
restrictive covenants or our inability to comply with the fixed charge ratio if
either an average borrowing availability over a three-calendar-month
period (or twelve-calendar-week period, as the case may be) or
actual borrowing availability for four consecutive business days falls below
 25.0 million could result in an event of default under the credit
agreement governing the revolving credit facility. If an event of default
occurs that is not cured or waived, the lenders under the revolving credit
facility may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued
interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable, which would result
in an event of default under the indenture governing the notes and could result
in a cross default under any of our other material debt agreements. 

 If, when required, we are
unable to repay or refinance our indebtedness under, or amend the covenants
contained in, the credit agreement governing the revolving credit facility, or
if a default otherwise occurs that is not cured or waived, the lenders under
the revolving credit facility could elect to terminate their commitments
thereunder, cease making further loans, declare all borrowings outstanding,
together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and
payable or institute foreclosure proceedings against those assets that secure
the borrowings under the revolving credit facility. Any such actions could
force us into bankruptcy or liquidation, and we cannot provide any assurance
that we could repay our obligations under the notes in such an event. 

 Not all of our
subsidiaries are guarantors and therefore the notes are structurally
subordinated in right of payment to the indebtedness and other liabilities of
our existing and future subsidiaries that do not guarantee the notes. 

 The guarantors include
only Holdings and our existing and future domestic subsidiaries that incur
indebtedness (subject to certain exceptions), and each of our foreign subsidiaries
that enters into a guarantee of any of our senior indebtedness (other than
indebtedness incurred by another foreign subsidiary). In addition, any
subsidiary that we properly designate as an unrestricted subsidiary under the
indenture governing the notes, will not provide guarantees of the notes. As of
December 31, 2006, each of our domestic subsidiaries and none of our
foreign subsidiaries guaranteed the notes. 

 The claims of creditors of
any entity that does not guarantee the notes, including Indalex Limited and our
foreign subsidiaries that guarantee the Canadian sub-facility portion of
our revolving credit facility, will be required to be paid before the holders
of the notes have a claim, if any, against those subsidiaries and their assets.
Therefore, if there was a dissolution, bankruptcy, liquidation or
reorganization of any such subsidiary, the holders of notes would not receive
any amounts with respect to the notes from the assets of such subsidiary until
after the payment in full of the claims of creditors, including preferred
stockholders, of such subsidiary. 

 On a pro forma basis, after giving effect to
the Honeywell Acquisition and the Transactions, the aggregate net sales and
operating income of our non-guarantor subsidiaries were 376.0 million and 4.7 million, respectively, for
the year ended December 31, 2005 and 450.6 million and 6.2 million, respectively, for
2006, and their total assets at December 31, 2006 was 271.3 million. As of December 31,
2006, our non-guarantor subsidiaries had 235.4 million of total
indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables. 

 We may not be able
to repurchase the notes upon any change of control as required by the indenture
governing the notes, which would result in a default under the indenture
governing the notes and would adversely affect our business and financial
condition. 

 Upon the occurrence of a change
of control , as defined in the indenture governing the notes, we will be
required to make an offer to repurchase all outstanding notes at a price equal
to 101 of the principal 

28 

amount
thereof, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, and additional interest, if any,
to the date of repurchase. We may not have sufficient funds available to make
any required repurchases of the notes, and restrictions under our credit
agreement governing our revolving credit facility may not allow that
repurchase. If we fail to repurchase notes in that circumstance, we will be in
default under the indenture governing the notes and, in turn, under our credit
agreement. 

 In addition, the credit
agreement governing our revolving credit facility provides that certain change
of control events, including a change of control under the indenture governing
the notes, will constitute an event of default. Such a default under our credit
agreement would result in a default under the indenture governing the notes if
the administrative agent or the lenders accelerate the debt under our revolving
credit facility. In addition, any future credit agreement or other agreements
relating to our indebtedness to which we become a party would likely contain
similar provisions. 

 If we experience a change
of control, we could seek to obtain a waiver of such default from the lenders
or you as a holder of the notes or seek to refinance the indebtedness under our
revolving credit facility and the notes. We cannot assure you, however, that we
would be able to obtain a waiver or to refinance our indebtedness on
commercially reasonable terms, if at all, and in the event we are unable to
obtain such a waiver or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially
reasonable terms, if at all, such default could result in all amounts
outstanding under our revolving credit facility and the notes being declared
due and payable. 

 Holders of notes
may not be able to determine when a change of control has occurred. 

 Under the indenture,
within 30 days following the date on which a change of control occurs, we are
required to send holders of notes and the trustee a notice of the offer to
repurchase the notes. In some cases, such as, for example, a sale of
substantially all of our assets, holders of notes may not be able to determine
when a change of control giving rise to the right to have us repurchase notes
has occurred, which may adversely affect the ability of holders of notes
ability to enforce this provision of the indenture. 

 The terms of the
notes may not protect you if we enter into transactions including acquisitions,
refinancings or other recapitalizations that would not constitute a change of
control under the indenture. 

 We may enter into
transactions including acquisitions, refinancings, recapitalizations or other
highly leveraged transactions. Such a transaction may not be included in the
definition of change of control in the indenture or otherwise restricted by the
terms of the indenture but could
increase the amount of indebtedness outstanding or otherwise affect our capital
structure or credit ratings and may substantially impair our ability to repay
the notes. In such an event, the indenture will not afford holders of notes
protection from any adverse aspects of such transaction. 

 Federal and state
statutes allow courts, under specific circumstances, to void the guarantees and
security interests, subordinate claims in respect of the guarantees and
security interests and require noteholders to return payments received from the
guarantors. 

 The
notes are guaranteed by Holdings and, subject to limited exceptions, each of Indalex
Holding Corp. s existing and future domestic subsidiaries that incurs
indebtedness, and each of our foreign subsidiaries that enters into a guarantee
of any of our senior indebtedness (other than indebtedness incurred by another
foreign subsidiary). As of December 31, 2006, each of our domestic
subsidiaries and none of our foreign subsidiaries guaranteed the notes on a
second-priority secured basis. The issuance of the guarantees and the
related security interest by any guarantor may be subject to review under state
and federal laws if a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization case or a
lawsuit, including in circumstances in which bankruptcy is not involved, were
commenced at some future date by, or on behalf of, the unpaid creditors of such
guarantor. Under the federal bankruptcy laws and comparable provision of state
fraudulent transfer laws, a court may void or otherwise decline to enforce a
guarantor s guarantee or the related security interest, subordinate such
guarantee to the guarantor s existing and future indebtedness or 

29 

take other action detrimental to the noteholders.
While the relevant laws may vary from state to state, a court might do so if it
found, among other things, that when the guarantor entered into its guarantee
and the related security agreements or, in some states, when payments became
due under such guarantee, the guarantor received less than reasonably
equivalent value or fair consideration and either: 

 the guarantor
was insolvent, or rendered insolvent, by reason of such incurrence; 

 the guarantor
was engaged in a business or transaction for which the guarantor s remaining
assets constituted unreasonably small capital; or 

 the guarantor
intended to incur, or believed or reasonably should have believed that the
guarantor would incur debts beyond such guarantor s ability to pay such debts
as they mature. 

 The court might also void
a guarantee or the related security interest of a guarantor without regard to
any of the above factors, if the court found that the guarantor entered into
its guarantee or the related security interest with actual intent to hinder,
delay or defraud its creditors. In addition, any payment by a guarantor
pursuant to its guarantee could be voided and required to be returned to such
guarantor or to a fund for the benefit of such guarantor s creditors. 

 A court would likely find
that a guarantor did not receive reasonably equivalent value or fair
consideration for such guarantee and the related security interest if such
guarantor did not substantially benefit directly or indirectly from the
issuance of the notes and the applicable guarantee and security interest
thereunder. If a court were to void a guarantee and the related security
interest, you would no longer have a claim against the applicable guarantor.
Sufficient funds to repay the notes may not be available from other sources,
including the remaining guarantors, if any. In addition, the court might direct
you to repay any amounts that you already received from any guarantor. 

 The
measures of insolvency for purposes of these fraudulent transfer laws will vary
depending upon the law applied in any proceeding to determine whether a
fraudulent transfer has occurred. Generally, however, an entity would be
considered insolvent if: 

 the sum of its
existing debts, including contingent liabilities, was greater than the fair
saleable value of all of its assets; 

 the present
fair saleable value of all of its assets were less than the amount that would
be required to pay the probable liability on its existing debts, including
contingent liabilities, as they become absolute and mature; or 

 it cannot pay
its debts as they become due. 

 The indenture governing
the notes limits the liability of each subsidiary guarantor on its guarantee to
the maximum amount that the subsidiary guarantor can incur without risk that
the guarantee and the related security interest will be subject to avoidance as
a fraudulent transfer. We cannot assure you that this limitation will protect
the guarantees from fraudulent transfer attack or, if it does, that the
remaining amount due and collectible under the guarantees would suffice, if
necessary, to pay the notes when due. 

 To the extent a court
voids any of the guarantees and the related security interest as fraudulent
transfers or holds any of the guarantees or security agreements unenforceable
for any other reason, holders of notes would cease to have any direct claim
against the applicable guarantor. If a court were to take this action, the
applicable guarantor s assets would be applied first to satisfy the applicable
guarantor s liabilities before its remaining assets, if any, could be applied
to the payment of the notes. 

30 

Risk Factors Related to our Business 

 The
aluminum extrusion industry is cyclical and highly dependent on economic
conditions of end-user markets in the United States and Canada, and the
cyclicality and volatility of these markets could adversely affect us. 

 Our profitability depends
in part on the varying economic and other conditions of the end-user
markets we serve. All of the end-user markets we serve, including our two
largest markets, the transportation and residential building and construction
end-user markets, are subject to volatility and, as a result, our
customers demand for our products may change due to changes in general and
regional economic conditions, consumer confidence, the housing market, fuel and
energy prices and availability, employment and income growth trends and
interest rates, each of which are beyond our control. In the event of an
economic downturn in any of the end-user markets we serve, our customers
may delay purchase orders, extend seasonal shutdowns or discontinue operations
at certain of their manufacturing facilities and otherwise reduce production
levels. Any of these events would adversely affect our profitability and cash
flows. 

 For example, in 2001, the
22 decline in shipment volume in the United States and Canada aluminum
extrusion market had a negative impact on our net sales, which dropped 21 , and
on our plant operating earnings, which dropped by more than half, compared to
2000. A significant portion of our net sales in the transportation end-user
market is to manufacturers of truck trailers, which experienced shipment volume
declines of 48 in the U.S. in 2001 from 2000, which was greater than the
overall industry volume decline during the same period. The downturn from 2000
to 2001 was the most significant single year downturn since 1975, when our
industry experienced a decline of approximately 31 in shipment volume compared
to the prior year. There have been a few less significant single year downturns
since 1975. Declines in shipment volume can have a disproportionate impact on
our results of operations due to the fixed operating cost requirements inherent
in our operations. 

 Demand for our products in the residential building
and construction end-user market is driven by new residential construction and
remodeling activity, which are impacted by demographic trends, interest rate
levels, and overall economic conditions. 
In recent years, we have experienced strong demand in this end-user
market due to strong new housing starts, the increasing size of new homes and
increased remodeling and repair activity. 
However, after showing strong growth during recent years, that market
slowed considerably during the second half of 2006, and our shipments to that
market were down 26 in the fourth quarter of 2006 as compared to the fourth
quarter of 2005. According to data
published by the U.S. Census Bureau, housing starts in the United States were
down 32 year over year in the first two months of 2007. Remodeling activity has slowed, as well. We continue to believe that there is good
long-term growth potential for the residential building and construction
market, but we cannot be certain of when the current downturn in this market
will end. 

 In the event of an
economic downturn, we would also experience a higher level of bad debts that
usually accompany a downturn. Any decrease in demand within one or more of our
end-user markets may be significant and may last for a lengthy period of
time. We cannot provide any assurance that future downturns in the economy will
not adversely affect our profitability and as a result of the volatility in any
of the end-user markets we serve, we may have difficulty increasing or
maintaining our level of sales or profitability if we are not able to divert
sales of our products to customers in other end-user markets when one or
more of our end-user markets is experiencing a decline. In addition, we
are not able to predict the timing, extent and duration of the economic cycles
in any of the end-user markets in which we operate. 

 Our industry historically
experiences a seasonally driven slow down, and we experience lower net sales
from November through February. This slow down is largely due to the
seasonal nature of the businesses for a large portion of our customer base,
slower manufacturing during the holiday period, reduced year end inventory and
slow ramp up by our customers. Cold weather during the winter months causes
slow downs in the residential and commercial building and construction industry
in Canada and the northern United States. As a result, quarter to quarter
comparisons of our net sales, operating results and cash flows 

31 

should
not be relied on as an indication of future performance, and the results of any
quarterly period may not be indicative of expected results for a full year. 

 The
markets for our products are highly competitive, and our inability to compete
effectively in the aluminum extrusion industry could result in the loss of
customers, which would have an adverse effect on our net sales, results of
operations and cash flows. 

 The aluminum extrusion
industry is fragmented and we face intense competition from regional, national
and global companies in each of the end-user markets we serve. This
competition could have an adverse effect on our net sales, results of
operations and cash flows. Depending on the size of our customer and the type
of product we sell, we compete on the basis of product quality, on-time
delivery performance and price, with price representing a more important factor
for our larger customers and for sales of standard aluminum extrusions. Our
competitors include other independent aluminum extruders as well as certain
vertically integrated aluminum companies that participate in the extrusion
industry. Some of our competitors have greater financial and other resources
than we do, and vertically integrated aluminum extruders may be able to obtain
aluminum billet at lower prices than we can. Our competitors may foresee the
course of market development more accurately than we do, produce similar
products at a lower cost than we can or adapt more quickly to new technologies
or industry and customer requirements. 

 We operate in a
marketplace that is becoming more global, and the threat of lower cost imports
is increasing. For example, imports of extrusions from China now represent
approximately 9 of the United States and Canada aluminum extrusion market
based on shipment volume, up from less than 1 in 2000. Chinese extrusions are
typically good quality products that are priced lower than those manufactured
in the United States and Canada. In the future, Chinese aluminum extruders may
develop new ways of packaging and transporting aluminum extrusions that could
mitigate the freight cost and other shipping limitations that we believe
currently limit their ability to more fully penetrate the U.S. and Canadian
aluminum extrusion market. If our customers in any of the end-user
markets we serve shift their production outside the United States and Canada,
then those customers would likely source aluminum extrusions overseas, and, as
a result, our net sales and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

 If we are not able to
continue to differentiate ourselves in ways other than by reducing prices, we
may lose market share and suffer reduced profit margins. If our competitors
lower their prices, it could inhibit our ability to compete for customers with
higher value-added sales. If our product mix changed as a result of
competitive pricing, it could have an adverse impact on our gross margins and
profitability. In addition, our competitive position with the global aluminum
extrusion industry may be affected by, among other things, the recent trend
towards consolidation among our competitors. We cannot assure you that we will
be able to compete successfully or that competition will not have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

 The
willingness of our customers to accept substitutes for our products could
adversely affect our financial condition and results from operations. 

 Aluminum competes with
other materials, such as vinyl, steel, plastics and glass, among others, for
various applications in our end-user markets. In the past, customers have
demonstrated a willingness to substitute other materials for aluminum. For
example, over the past decade, vinyl, with its penetration of the residential
window and door market, has been the most commonly used substitute for aluminum
extrusions. Steel may be another substitute for aluminum if aluminum costs rise
to such an extent that steel becomes a viable economic alternative for certain
manufacturing needs, especially in the transportation market. If steel prices
fall or if aluminum prices increase, steel could become more attractive to our
customers than aluminum. The steel industry has responded to the increased use
of aluminum as a substitute for steel by developing lighter weight steel
products. Lighter weight steel products, lower steel costs or higher aluminum
costs could slow or reverse the rate at which aluminum is used as a substitute
for steel. An increase in the use of substitutes for aluminum extrusions could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and
results from operations. 

32 

Equipment
failures, delays in deliveries or catastrophic loss at any of our facilities
could lead to production or service curtailments or shutdowns, which would have
an adverse effect on our sales and results from operations. 

 We have 15 manufacturing
facilities and two casting facilities in the United States and Canada. An
interruption in production or service capabilities at any of these facilities
as a result of equipment failure or other reasons could result in our inability
to produce our products, which would reduce our net sales and results from
operations. In the event of a stoppage in production at any of our
facilities, even if only temporary, or if we experience delays as a result of
events that are beyond our control, delivery times to our customers could be
severely affected. Any significant delay in deliveries to our customers could
lead to increased returns or cancellations, could result in damage to our
reputation or permanent loss of customers that seek out alternative suppliers.
Furthermore, because many of our customers are, to varying degrees, dependent
on deliveries from our facilities, customers that have to reschedule their own
production due to our missed deliveries could pursue financial claims against
us. 

 Our facilities are also
subject to the risk of catastrophic loss due to unanticipated events such as
fires, explosions, adverse weather conditions or other events. We have
experienced, and may experience in the future, periods of reduced production as
a result of extrusion press failures, delays in aluminum billet deliveries,
prolonged power outages, work stoppages or paint fires. If any of these
events occur in the future, they could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or results from operations. While we maintain
insurance policies covering, among other things, physical damage, business
interruptions and product liability, these policies may not cover all of our
losses and we could incur uninsured losses and liabilities arising from such
events. We have four facilities which each contribute from 10 to 21 of our
plant operating earnings from manufacturing, and loss of or reduction in
production at any of these facilities would have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations. These facilities are located in Gainesville,
Georgia; Burlington, North Carolina; Elkhart, Indiana; and Girard, Ohio;. 

 We
rely on electricity and natural gas to produce our products, and rising costs
or shortages of electric power and natural gas could adversely affect our
results from operations and cash flows. 

 As part of the extrusion
process, aluminum billets are heated by electric and gas heaters which require
a large and continuous supply of electricity and natural gas. In addition, our
two cast houses, which provide us with approximately 21 of our aluminum
billets, use significant amounts of natural gas during the billet production process.
Interruptions of electricity supply can result in lengthy production shutdowns,
increased costs associated with restarting production and waste of production
in progress. In extreme cases, interruptions of electricity supply can also
cause damage to or destruction of our equipment and facilities. We do not
maintain back-up generators or other sources of secondary power supply at
any of our facilities. Electricity and natural gas costs were approximately
 25.9 million in 2005, and approximately 31.2 million for 2006.
While we have hedging arrangements that insulate us in the short term from the
recent increases in natural gas prices, if the recent increases in natural gas
prices continue, our financial results and cash flow will be significantly
impacted. We do not have electricity contracts at some of our facilities, we do
not have a guaranteed supply and we have experienced rolling power outages in
the past. In addition, increases in fuel oil costs have a corresponding
increase on our freight costs. Shortages of electrical generating capacity in
our facilities or increases in energy costs could have a significant impact on
our results of operations. 

 Rising
costs of aluminum and disruptions in our aluminum supply could adversely impact
our financial results. 

 The primary raw material
in the manufacturing of aluminum extrusions is aluminum billets and ingot,
which represented 63 of our cost of sales in 2005 and 66 of our costs of
sales for 2006. We have entered into several long-term contracts with
metal suppliers to purchase aluminum billet at the market price of base
aluminum plus a negotiated billet premium. If our aluminum supply is disrupted,
or if the cost of aluminum increases, our financial results could be adversely
impacted. We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew these contracts
when they expire, on terms that are favorable to us or at all. 

33 

We are subject to the
short-term commodity risk of carrying aluminum in our inventory which we
attempt to mitigate through the use of hedge instruments. Although we seek to
time our hedges to coincide with the period we expect to carry our inventory,
we may not accurately predict the timing in all cases. If we experience delays
in production or shipments and the market price of base aluminum declines, we
could experience a loss if we have not hedged our exposure to price increases
correctly. In addition, because changes in base aluminum prices are generally
passed through to our customers, but our customer billings are carried as
receivables for a period of time, increases or decreases in base aluminum
prices cause corresponding increases and decreases in reported net sales and
fluctuations in working capital that are unrelated to the level of business
activity. As base aluminum prices rise, which causes sales dollars to increase,
our customer receivables and raw material inventory carrying value increase,
having a negative impact on working capital, and, conversely, as prices and net
sales fall, our working capital decreases. We expect that the recent increases
in natural gas prices will affect the billet premiums charged by our suppliers,
and since we do not pass the billet premium directly to our customers any
unwillingness by our customers to accept higher prices for our products would
have an adverse affect on our results of operations. 

 Recently, producers of
base aluminum have incurred increased costs of production due to the rising
price of energy and alumina, which have increased the price of base aluminum.
Aluminum prices on the LME reached an eighteen-year high of 3,240 per
metric ton as of May 11, 2006. To the extent we are not able to pass the
full cost of base aluminum to customers and we are not able to effectively
hedge our exposure to offset the effects of higher base aluminum costs, the
increasing price of primary aluminum could materially affect our financial
results. As a result of our increased leverage, our hedge counterparties may
cease to trade aluminum futures with us or may choose not to offer credit to
us. An inability to hedge our base aluminum price risk would have a negative
impact on our financial results. We are subject to Financial Accounting
Standards No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Statement Activities, as amended, which requires us to record our hedge
instruments at current market value, known as mark to-market, in our
financial statements. The rules require us to recognize all derivative
instruments on the balance sheet at fair value, while the physical position
which created the need for the derivative, is not marked to market value. Due
to volatile market prices of base aluminum, this mark-to-market adjustment can
result in a material positive or negative adjustment to our operating earnings. 

 Any major disruption in
the availability of aluminum may cause a shortage of aluminum billets and could
adversely affect the billet premium we pay. For example, during 2004, a
shortage of aluminum billets in the United States and Canada caused some of our
competitors to have disruptions in supply which resulted in production outages,
and we may face similar circumstances in the future. Furthermore, we purchased
approximately 14 of our third party aluminum billet requirements from South
America and the Middle East in 2006, and we intend to increase that percentage
in the near future. Shipping billet from overseas suppliers increases
transportation risk, and we may not be able to easily replace billet from our
suppliers in South America or the Middle East with billet from other sources.
Unexpected delays or losses in the delivery of foreign-sourced billet due
to factors such as weather, work stoppages, theft, customs issues or war could
cause one or more of our facilities to run out of billet. A shortage of
aluminum billets or an increase in the billet premium could result in temporary
or permanent facility shutdowns or higher costs that we may not be able to pass
on to our customers, which would have a significant adverse impact on our
financial results. 

 We
have restructured our operations from time to time in the past, and expect to
continue to do so from time to time in the future. The charges associated with
these restructurings could materially and adversely affect our earnings and
liquidity in future periods. 

 We have closed,
consolidated or idled five plants since 1999. We have also worked to centralize
our administrative and processing functions and have eliminated a significant
number of administrative positions since 2000. As a result of these actions, we
incurred restructuring charges of 2.9 million, 6.1 

34 

million,
 0.5 million, and 1.8 million in 2003, 2004, 2005 and 2006, respectively. We
currently employ over 3,000 employees and currently operate 15 extrusion
facilities and two secondary remelt facilities, and within those facilities,
operate 39 extrusion presses, nine paint lines and significant processing
equipment. There is considerable variation in the age of our equipment and the
productivity of our plants and presses. Some of our facilities also have
overlapping customer bases and geographic coverage. As a result, we expect to continue to
restructure our operations from time to time in an ongoing effort to make our
operations more productive and more profitable. While restructurings are
designed to improve our operating results over time, restructuring charges may
be incurred before the benefits, if any, are realized. As a result, we may
incur material restructuring costs that adversely impact our profitability and
liquidity in future periods. We have not finalized any restructuring plans for
2007, but expect to incur restructuring charges in 2007 within the range of
charges that we have incurred over the past four years. Future restructurings
may not be successful, and future restructuring charges may have a material
adverse impact on our earnings and liquidity. 

 Our
operations are subject to numerous complex and increasingly stringent
environmental laws and regulations, and the costs of complying with
environmental laws and regulations, including participation in assessments and
cleanups of sites, are significant and will continue to be so for the future. 

 We are subject to a wide
variety of federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations,
including those governing air emissions, wastewater discharges, the generation,
storage, handling, use and transportation of hazardous materials, and employee
health and safety. From time to time, we are subject to fines or penalties
assessed for alleged violations of environmental laws and to claims and
litigation based upon those laws. For example, we paid an 80,000 penalty to
the EPA in January 2005 to settle allegations that our facility in
Modesto, California had failed to accurately report certain chemicals handled
at that facility. As an owner of real property and a generator of hazardous
wastes, we are also subject to laws imposing liability for the cleanup of
contaminated property, including our currently and formerly owned or operated
properties as well as offsite locations to which we have sent our wastes for
disposal. Hazardous substances have been detected at some of our current and
former properties, as well as at sites to which we have sent wastes for
disposal. As part of our environmental management program, we are currently
involved in investigatory or remedial actions at certain of these properties. 

 For example, we are
currently conducting investigatory actions at our owned and operating facility
in Watsonville, California and at a property that we formerly owned and
operated as a manufacturing facility in Dayton, New Jersey. We have established
a reserve in the amount of 1,190,000 to cover the cost of cleaning up
contamination at these and certain other current and former properties. We have
also been identified as a potentially responsible party under CERCLA with
respect to approximately nineteen offsite locations to which we sent waste
materials for disposal in the past. We have established a reserve totaling 480,000
to cover our anticipated liabilities at certain of these sites. The total cost
of environmental assessment and remediation depends on a variety of regulatory,
technical and factual issues, some of which cannot be anticipated. While we
believe that our reserves are adequate to cover presently identified
environmental liabilities, the discovery of additional contaminants or the
imposition of additional cleanup obligations at these or other sites could
result in additional costs. We cannot assure you that reserved amounts will be
adequate to cover the ultimate costs of these liabilities or the costs of environmental
liabilities that may arise or be identified in the future. 

 Furthermore, future
environmental regulations are expected to impose stricter compliance
requirements on the aluminum industry. For example, by the end of 2007, certain
of our manufacturing facilities, including the facilities in Gainesville,
Georgia; Montreal, Quebec, and Girard, Ohio, may be required to comply with
more stringent air emission regulations applicable to metal parts coating
operations. However, we cannot estimate the precise effect of these or other
future changes to laws and regulations, and compliance with these or other
future requirements may make it necessary, at costs which may be substantial
and in excess of our estimates, to retrofit existing facilities with additional

35 

pollution-control
equipment and to undertake new measures in connection with the storage,
transportation and disposal of by-products and wastes. We are not a party
to any judicial or administrative proceedings relating to environmental issues. 

 We
have liabilities and expenses for pensions and other postretirement benefits
and could be required to make unexpected contributions to our defined benefit
plans as a result of adverse changes in interest rates and the capital markets,
or if our assumptions relating to our employee workforce are inaccurate. 

 We provide a number of
qualified and non-qualified and registered defined benefit pension and
other postretirement benefit arrangements to certain union, non-union and
executive employees in the United States and Canada and we could be required to
make unexpected contributions to these plans. Based on our valuation as of December 31,
2006, the qualified and non-qualified and registered defined benefit
pension had an unfunded liability of approximately 18.3 million on a
projected benefit obligation basis. In addition, our unfunded benefit obligation
with respect to other postretirement benefit obligations, was approximately 4.9 million
as of December 31, 2006. In 2006, we made cash payments of 11.0 million
and in 2007, we expect to make cash payments of 6.1 million for these benefit
obligations. Our estimates of liabilities and expenses for pensions and other
postretirement benefits incorporate a number of significant assumptions
including the rate used to discount our future estimated liability, the long-term
rate of return on plan assets and several assumptions relating to our employee
workforce, including salary increases, medical costs, retirement age and
mortality. Our results of operations, liquidity or stockholders equity in a
particular period could be adversely affected because of additional required
contributions to the pension and other postretirement benefit plans as a result
of capital market returns that are less than their assumed long-term rate
of return, by a decline in the interest rate used to discount our future
estimated liability, increased funding requirements or other changes mandated
by law or by changes in employee workforce assumptions. In addition, if we are
required to make unexpected cash contributions to our pension plans in the
future, we would be prevented from using such cash for other purposes, which
may adversely affect our business. 

 We
may be adversely impacted by work stoppages and other labor matters. 

 As of December 31,
2006, we had approximately 3,000 employees, approximately 1,900, or 64 , of
whom were covered under union contracts. The contract at our Mountaintop,
Pennsylvania facility expired on March 1, 2006. Despite reaching an
agreement with the union bargaining committee, the employees did not ratify the
agreement, and the employees at this facility went on strike effective May 1,
2006. We finalized an agreement on May 5, 2006, and the employees at this
facility went back to work that day. The contracts covering our Niles, Ohio and
Vancouver, British Columbia facilities were successfully negotiated during 2006.
Three more contracts will expire in 2007, including expirations of our
contracts covering our Burlington, North Carolina and Calgary, Alberta facilities,
which each expire on April 30, 2007. We may be unable to resolve any of
these contract negotiations without work stoppages or significant
increases in costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, cash flows and operating results. We have experienced four work stoppages in
the last ten years, including the one described above, and prior to that, a one-week
work stoppage in Mississauga, Ontario in 2003. We cannot assure you that
our relationships with our employees and their unions will be satisfactory or
that we will not encounter further strikes, unionization efforts or other types
of conflicts with labor unions or our employees. Further, existing union
agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage at any of our
facilities in the future. 

 We
depend on the service of key individuals, the loss of whom could materially
harm our business. 

 Our success will depend,
in part, on the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees,
including Timothy R.J. Stubbs, our Chief Executive Officer. Although we do not
anticipate that we will have to replace any of our executive officers in the
near future, the loss of the services of any of our executive officers or other
key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

36 

We
are controlled by our principal equityholder, which has the power to take
unilateral action. 

 Affiliates of Sun Capital
own 90.4 of our common stock and 100 of our voting common stock, and, as a
result, control our business affairs and policies. Three of our directors are
employed by affiliates of Sun Capital. Circumstances may occur in which the
interests of affiliates of Sun Capital could be in conflict with the interests
of the holders of the exchange notes. In addition, affiliates of Sun Capital
may pursue acquisitions, divestitures or other transactions that may, in their
judgment, enhance their equity investment, even though such transactions might
involve risks to holders of the exchange notes. See Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions and Security Ownership and Certain Beneficial Owners. 

 Our investment in
and relationship with AAG may face uncertainties. 

 We have a 25.01 ownership
interest in Asia Aluminum Group Limited, or AAG by virtue of an investment by
a prior owner. Any decrease or loss in the dividend we receive from AAG would
negatively impact our cash flow. Our principal investment partner, Asia
Aluminum Holdings Limited, or AAH was founded in 1992, and was a publicly
traded company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong,
until it was privatized in 2006. AAG is currently investing significant capital
in a new facility in mainland China, and the significant cash requirement
associated with this investment may decrease or eliminate AAG s excess cash,
which may decrease or eliminate cash available for payment of the annual
dividend we would otherwise be entitled to receive. We do not have the ability
to exercise any control over the day-to-day operations of AAG
through our minority ownership interest. However, so long as we retain at least
a 10 ownership interest of AAG, certain specified actions by AAG require our
prior approval. If a disagreement arises between us and AAH with respect to any
action requiring our consent, and we are unable to resolve this disagreement,
we will have the right to sell our entire ownership interest in AAG to AAH. In
the event we exercise this right, AAH will purchase our shares of AAG at a
price agreed upon by us and AAH, or in the absence of such agreement, at a
price determined by an independent international firm of accountants in
accordance with the terms of the AAG shareholders agreement. If we were to sell
our investment in AAG, we would lose our right to the annual cash dividend. 

 The operations of AAG are
subject to the risks inherent in the aluminum extrusion industry, which may
include: dependence on economic conditions of end-user markets; seasonal
slowdowns in the end-user markets; the highly competitive nature of the
aluminum extrusion industry; willingness of customers to accept substitutes for
extrusions; equipment failures or catastrophic loss at any of our facilities;
rising costs or shortages of electricity and natural gas; rising costs or
shortages of aluminum billet; and labor stoppages. As a result of these
factors, AAG s profits may be reduced, which would eliminate cash available to
pay the annual dividend or may adversely affect the ability of AAG to fund its
operations through its cash flows from operations. 

 In
addition, our investment in AAG is subject to risks and uncertainties inherent
in international investments, which include, among other things: 

 fluctuations
in currency valuation; 

 currency
inconvertibility; 

 expropriation
and confiscatory taxation; 

 laws relating
to foreign investment; 

 regulation or
requirements for governmental approvals, permits and licenses; and 

 political
instability. 

 We may be required
to guarantee certain indebtedness of AAG. 

 Pursuant to the AAG
shareholders agreement, we agreed in certain limited circumstances upon the
request of AAG s lenders to provide guarantees of certain borrowings of AAG
that were outstanding on June 8, 2001, the date we entered into the AAG
shareholders agreement, in proportion to our approximately 25 equity ownership
in AAG in the event that any of such borrowings are cancelled by a lender or
are required by a lender to be restructured or renewed. We have not guaranteed
or been asked to guarantee any borrowings of AAG under this provision since the
execution of the AAG shareholders 

37 

agreement
on June 8, 2001. The aggregate U.S. dollar equivalent (based on
exchange rates at December 31, 2006) of the borrowings we potentially
could have been required to guarantee at the time we entered into the AAG
shareholders agreement was our approximately 25 share of approximately
 71.6 million, or approximately 17.9 million. Based on the
information we have received from AAG to date, we believe that the borrowings
have been cancelled, repaid, restructured or refinanced. Based on our
interpretation of the AAG shareholders agreement, we believe that our potential
obligation to guarantee any item of the specified borrowings applies only to
the first such cancellation, restructuring or renewal thereof and is thereafter
extinguished. As a result, based on the information we have received from AAG
to date, we do not believe we could be required to guarantee any amounts
outstanding as of the date hereof. Based on a different interpretation of the
AAG shareholders agreement by the majority shareholder and based on information
we have received from AAG to date, we believe the maximum U.S. dollar
equivalent (based on exchange rates at December 31, 2006) of the
borrowings we potentially could be required to guarantee at this time is our
approximately 25 share of approximately 88.3 million, or approximately
 22.1 million. While we believe that we have correctly interpreted the AAG
shareholders agreement, the AAG shareholders agreement and our interpretation
thereof are not free from doubt and, accordingly, we cannot assure you that the
majority shareholder will not challenge our interpretation of the AAG
shareholders agreement. If we were required to guarantee indebtedness of AAG
and AAG were to default on such indebtedness, it could have a material negative
impact on our liquidity position. 

 AAG
and our other China sources are subject to risks which could affect our ability
to effectively outsource aluminum extrusions from them. 

 Through our supply
arrangement with AAG, we use AAG for approximately 93 of our total import
volume, which amounted to approximately 5 of our shipment volume in 2006. AAG
and our other China sources are subject to the risks of China s political,
social and economic environment, and these risks could affect our ability to
effectively outsource aluminum extrusions from AAG and our other China sources.
The role of the Chinese government in the Chinese economy is significant, and
its policies toward economic liberalization could change, resulting in greater
restrictions on the ability of AAG and other China sources to do business with
us. The Chinese government could reduce its export subsidies, which would make
it more costly for us to outsource aluminum extrusions to China. Aluminum
extrusions from AAG and our other China sources are also subject to shipping
and other transportation delays and risks, and there may be production
disruptions as a result of construction or other delays at AAG s new facility.
If our China sources are unable to provide us with extrusions or if their
shipments were to experience prolonged delays or suffer damages while in
transit, we cannot assure you that we would be able to produce an equivalent
shipment volume in our United States and Canada facilities. Our supply
agreement with AAG does not require AAG to supply us with any specified
quantity of extrusions. If the volume of extrusions AAG is willing to supply us
were to decrease, we may not be able to enter into new supply arrangements with
other suppliers in a timely manner to provide a sufficient volume of quality
products at prices that are satisfactory to us. 

 Fluctuations
in currency exchange rates may significantly impact our results of operations
recorded in U.S. dollars and may materially adversely affect the comparability
of our results between financial periods. 

 We have operations in
Canada. Approximately 11 of our net sales in 2006 were made in Canadian
dollars. We incur currency transaction risk whenever we enter into either a
purchase or sale transaction using a currency other than the local currency of
the transacting entity. The U.S. dollar to Canadian dollar exchange rate may
vary from the time we invoice the shipment and the time we are paid, which
could result in a realized currency loss in our results of operations if we
have not hedged our exposure to currency fluctuations correctly. In addition,
we may set prices for our Canadian business in U.S. dollars and if these prices
are not adjusted for changes in the relative values of the currencies, we could
experience reduced operating margins. The U.S. dollar value of our sales in
Canada varies with currency exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar
and the Canadian dollar. The results of the operations and the financial
position of our Canadian subsidiaries are reported in Canadian dollars and then
translated into 

38 

U.S.
dollars at the applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our combined
financial statements. We report our results in U.S. dollars and our financial
results are impacted by currency fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and
the Canadian dollar. Changes in currency exchange rates could have an adverse
effect on our reported results of operations. Upon consummation of the
Transactions, we will have Canadian-dollar borrowings under our revolving
credit facility. To the extent the U.S. dollar declines against the
Canadian dollar, our interest expense for our Canadian dollar-denominated
indebtedness will increase for financial reporting purposes. For a description
of our indebtedness, see Capitalization. 

 We
may experience difficulties operating as a stand alone company. 

 We have historically
operated as a business unit of Novar plc and subsequently Honeywell. Prior to February 2,
2006, we had not operated as a stand-alone company, and we may experience
difficulty operating as a stand-alone company. We received financial support
and technical and administrative services from Novar plc and Honeywell,
including certain risk management, tax, legal and treasury services. Although
we believe we will be able to perform all of these services internally or
through arrangements with third parties, we may not be able to obtain these
services at comparable costs after February 2, 2006. 

 Because we have been able
to leverage our structural integration with Novar plc and Honeywell in the
past, the historical financial information included in this report may not
reflect what our results of operations, financial position and cash flows would
have been had we operated as a separate, stand-alone company without the shared
resources of Novar plc and Honeywell, as applicable, for the periods presented,
and are not necessarily indicative of our future results of operations,
financial position and cash flows. 

 We will incur
substantial ongoing costs to comply with federal securities law requirements. 

 In connection with the registration
of our 11 1 2 
second-priority senior secured notes, we became subject to the reporting
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002. These requirements may place a strain on our management, systems
and resources and cause us to incur substantial ongoing costs. The Exchange Act
requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our
business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we
maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls
over financial reporting. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial
reporting, significant resources and management oversight will be required.
This may divert management s attention from other business concerns. Upon
issuance of the exchange notes, we will begin to incur substantial ongoing
costs as a result of having to comply with the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. We currently estimate that we will incur approximately 1.0 million
of costs in 2007 and approximately 0.2 million of costs in 2008 as a
result of having to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We currently estimate
that we will incur approximately 0.5 million of costs annually as a
result of having to comply with the Exchange Act. 

 We
may pursue strategic acquisitions, which could have an adverse impact on our
business. 

 We
may, from time to time, consider acquiring complementary companies or businesses.
To do so, we would need to identify suitable acquisition candidates, negotiate
acceptable acquisition terms and obtain appropriate financing. Any acquisition
that we pursue, whether or not successfully completed, may involve risks,
including: 

 the diversion
of our capital and our management s attention from other business issues and
opportunities; 

 difficulties
in successfully integrating companies or businesses that we acquire, including
personnel, financial systems and operations; 

 material adverse
effects on our operating results, particularly in the fiscal quarters
immediately following the acquisition as it is integrated into our operations;
and 

 the incurrence
of debt and contingent liabilities and impairment charges related to goodwill
and other intangible assets, any of which could harm our business and financial
condition. 

39 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

 This annual report on Form 10-K contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities
laws. These statements relate to analyses and other information, which are
based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet
determinable. These statements also relate to our future prospects,
developments and business strategies. 

 These
forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such
as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, 
 predict, project, will and similar terms and phrases, including
references to assumptions. However, these words are not the exclusive means of
identifying such statements. These statements are contained in many sections of
this report, including those entitled Summary, Business and Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or
suggested by such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot
assure you that we will achieve those plans, intentions or expectations.
Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the
forward-looking statements we make in this report include, but are not
limited to: 

 the
cyclicality of the aluminum extrusion industry in the United States and Canada
as a result of its dependence on economic conditions of end-user markets
in the United States and Canada, which has caused fluctuations in our shipment
volume; 

 seasonal
slowdowns in the end-user markets we serve; 

 competition
in the markets for our products, and the risk we will be unable to compete
effectively in the aluminum extrusion industry, which could result in the loss
of customers; 

 the
risk that our customers will accept substitutes for our products; 

 the
risk of equipment failures, delays in deliveries or catastrophic loss at any of
our facilities; 

 the
risk of rising costs or shortages of electricity and natural gas; 

 the
risk of rising costs or shortages of aluminum billet; 

 the
costs of complying with environmental laws and regulations, including
participation in assessments and cleanups of sites; 

 the
risk that we may be required to make unexpected contributions to our defined
benefit plans; 

 employee
workforce factors including the hiring and retention of key executives,
collective bargaining agreements with union employees or labor stoppages; 

 the
risk that the interests of our principal equityholder could be in conflict with
your interests as a holder of the notes; 

 uncertainties
regarding our investment in and relationship with AAG; 

 the
risk that we may be required to guarantee indebtedness of AAG; 

 the
risk that fluctuations in currency exchange rates will impact our results of
operations; 

 the
risk that we will face difficulties operating as a stand alone company; 

 the
costs of complying with federal securities laws and regulations; and 

 the
risk that future acquisitions will have a negative impact on us. 

 All forward-looking
statements attributable to Indalex or persons acting on our behalf are
expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in
this report under the heading Risk Factors. 

40 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS 

 None. 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

 We
operate 39 extrusion presses, nine electrostatic paint lines and four anodizing
lines. The following table provides selected information regarding our
principal facilities: 

Location 

Operations 

Approximate 
 square 
 footage 

Number 
 of 
 presses 

Ownership 
 interest 

Burlington, North
 Carolina 

extrusion 

270,000 

4 

owned 

Calgary, Alberta 

extrusion/painting/anodizing 

56,000 

1 

owned 

City of Industry,
 California 

extrusion/casting 

184,000 

3 

owned 

Connersville, Indiana 

extrusion 

109,000 

1 

owned 

Elkhart, Indiana 

extrusion 

79,000 

3 

owned 

Gainesville, Georgia 

extrusion/painting 

315,000 

5 

owned 

Girard, Ohio 

extrusion/painting 

240,000 

3 

owned 

Kokomo, Indiana 

extrusion 

234,000 

2 

leased 

Modesto, California 

extrusion/painting/anodizing 

124,000 

2 

owned 

Montreal, Quebec 

extrusion/painting 

240,000 

3 

owned 

Mountaintop,
 Pennsylvania 

extrusion/anodizing 

291,000 

3 

owned 

Mississauga, Ontario 

extrusion/painting 

342,000 

4 

owned 

Niles, Ohio 

extrusion 

32,000 

2 

owned 

Vancouver, British
 Columbia 

extrusion/painting 

90,000 

1 

owned 

Watsonville, California 

extrusion/anodizing 

135,000 

2 

owned 

North York, Ontario 

casting 

56,000 

owned 

The casting facilities in City of Industry,
California, which are connected to the extrusion facility, and North York,
Ontario convert aluminum scrap and aluminum ingot purchased from third parties
into aluminum billet. In 2006, 21 of the aluminum billet we used in production
was supplied through those two casting facilities. Although we resold
approximately 19 million pounds, or 10 , of our manufactured aluminum
billet to third parties in 2006, which represented approximately 1 of our net
sales in that year, the primary purpose of the cast operations is for internal
supply. The benefit of maintaining cast operations is that scrap generated
through the manufacturing process can be converted to aluminum billet in a cost-effective
manner and re-used in production. 

 On January 5, 2007,
we announced that we will close our Watsonville, California, extrusion facility
by the end of April 2007. This closure results from our need to realign
our production capacity with the needs of the market. Customers currently
serviced from the Watsonville plant will be serviced from our Modesto,
California facility. 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS 

 We are involved in various
legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of
business. We believe that the outcome of each such proceeding or claim which is
pending or known to be threatened will not have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 

 ITEM 4. SUBMISSION
OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

 There were no matters
submitted to a vote of stockholders during the fourth quarter of 2006. 

41 

PART II 

 ITEM 5. MARKET
FOR COMMON STOCK, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES 

 Market Information 

 There is no public trading
market for our common stock. 

 Stockholders 

 There were approximately
23 owners of record of our common stock as of March 1, 2007. 

 Dividends 

 We do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination
to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will
be dependent upon then existing conditions, including our financial condition,
results of operations, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business
prospects, and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. In
addition, our current financing arrangements effectively prohibit us from
paying cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 

 Unregistered Sales
of Equity Securities 

 None. 

 Issuer Purchases of
Equity Securities 

 The
following table sets forth information in connection with purchases made by us
of shares of our common stock during the quarterly period ended December 31,
2006: 

(a) Total Number of 
 Shares (or Units) 
 Purchased 

(b) Average Price 
 Paid per Share 
 (or Unit) 

(c) Total Number of 
 Shares (or Units) 
 Purchased as Part 
 of Publicly 
 Announced Plans 
 or Programs 

(d) Maximum 
 Number (or 
 Approximate Dollar 
 Value) of Shares 
 (or Units) that May 
 Yet be Purchased 
 Under the Plans 
 or Programs 

Month #1 (October
 2, 2006 through October 31, 2006) 

Month #2
 (November 1, 2006 through November 30, 2006) 

90 

111.25 

Month #3 (December 1,
 2006 through December 31, 2006) 

We did not repurchase any
of our common stock as part of a stock repurchase program during the fourth
quarter of 2006; however, we purchased 90 shares of our common stock from one
of our employees. 

42 

ITEM 6. SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA 

 The following table sets forth selected historical
combined financial data for the periods ended and at the dates indicated below.
We have derived the selected historical combined financial data as of
December 31, 2003 and for the year ended December 31, 2003 from our
audited combined financial statements and related notes. We have derived the
selected historical combined financial data as of December 29, 2002 and
for the year ended December 29, 2002 from our audited combined financial
statements. We have derived the summary historical combined financial data as
of December 31, 2004, and December 31, 2005 and for the year ended December 31,
2004 and the periods from January 1, 2005 to March 31, 2005 and
April 1, 2005 to December 31, 2005 from our audited financial
statements and related notes. We have derived the summary historical financial
data as of December 31, 2006 and for the period from January 1, 2006
to February 1, 2006 and from February 2, 2006 to December 31,
2006 from our historical audited condensed consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this report. In the opinion of management, such unaudited
condensed combined financial data reflects all adjustments, consisting of only
normal and recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the
results for those periods. The combined results of operations for the interim
periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the
full year or any future period. 

 The
selected historical combined financial data should be read in conjunction with
 Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations and our historical combined financial statements and
accompanying notes included elsewhere in this report. 

Predecessor 1 

Predecessor
 2 

Succ- 
 essor 

Fiscal Year Ended 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 31, 2005 

Dec. 31, 2006 

Fiscal Years Ended 

Period 
 from 
 Jan. 1, 
 2005 to 

Period 
 from 
 April 1, 
 2005 to 

Period 
 from 
 Jan. 1, 
 2006 to 

Period 
 from 
 Feb. 2, 
 2006 to 

Dec. 29, 
 2002 

Dec. 31, 
 2003 

Dec. 31, 
 2004 

March 31, 
 2005 

Dec. 31, 
 2005 

Feb. 1, 
 2006 

Dec. 31, 
 2006 

Statement of income data: 

Net sales 

734,312 

748,468 

932,696 

239,849 

781,521 

100,019 

1,142,842 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of sales(1) 

75,588 

684,043 

854,386 

221,542 

727,799 

95,127 

1,058,677 

Selling, general and administrative 

75,576 

47,450 

52,619 

15,593 

35,933 

5,548 

54,966 

Management fees to affiliates(2) 

4,382 

2,902 

2,771 

700 

1,131 

125 

1,634 

Amortization of intangibles 

8,282 

920 

10,736 

Other (income) expense 

1,415 

2,298 

993 

(825 

195 

1,016 

Restructuring charges(3) 

2,467 

2,897 

6,086 

694 

(222 

1,772 

Impairment of long-lived assets(4) 

389 

2,728 

381 

636 

7,248 

(Gain) loss on disposal of assets(5) 

515 

3,817 

(675 

(274 

(146 

255 

Mark-to-market on derivatives(6) 

(2,505 

(4,167 

(3,638 

285 

(1,200 

(3,619 

7,560 

Total costs and expenses 

722,627 

738,357 

916,575 

239,914 

771,388 

98,296 

1,143,864 

Income (loss) from operations 

11,685 

10,111 

16,121 

(65 

10,133 

1,723 

(1,022 

Other income (expense): 

Interest to affiliates net(7) 

(10,152 

(8,717 

(8,637 

(1,208 

(3,712 

External interest net 

(248 

58 

50 

(189 

(24 

(35,745 

Deferred financing costs 

(2,220 

Income from equity method investment in AAG(8) 

6,005 

7,869 

14,807 

1,557 

9,380 

643 

11,841 

Affiliated acquisition fees 

(5,475 

Dividend income from affiliates(9) 

14,724 

12,728 

15,102 

9,077 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

22,014 

22,049 

37,443 

9,361 

15,612 

2,342 

(32,621 

Income tax (benefit) provision 

1,522 

(2,295 

(5,808 

9 

1,912 

703 

(8,723 

Income from continuing operations 

20,492 

24,344 

43,251 

9,352 

13,700 

1,639 

(23,898 

Discontinued operations(10) 

3,945 

2,540 

1,126 

(50 

Net income (loss) 

24,437 

26,884 

44,377 

9,302 

13,700 

1,639 

(23,898 

43 

Predecessor 1 

Predecessor
 2 

Succ- 
 essor 

Fiscal Year Ended 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 31, 2005 

Dec. 31, 2006 

Fiscal Years Ended 

Period 
 from 
 Jan. 1, 
 2005 to 

Period 
 from 
 April 1, 
 2005 to 

Period 
 from 
 Jan. 1, 
 2006 to 

Period 
 from 
 Feb. 2, 
 2006 to 

Dec. 29, 
 2002 

Dec. 31, 
 2003 

Dec. 31, 
 2004 

March 31, 
 2005 

Dec. 31, 
 2005 

Feb. 1, 
 2006 

Dec. 31, 
 2006 

Balance sheet data (at end of
 period): 

Cash and cash equivalents 

18,550 

23,522 

17,775 

9,366 

1,192 

11,157 

Working capital(11) 

34,898 

74,483 

110,982 

124,326 

96,623 

90,168 

20,880 

Total assets 

869,470 

885,910 

895,278 

658,903 

618,392 

622,453 

597,683 

Total debt 

332,647 

276,981 

147,725 

6,000 

3,869 

3,766 

328,591 

Total stockholders equity 

365,771 

439,123 

561,852 

431,501 

423,106 

412,764 

89,398 

Other financial and operating
 data: 

Capital expenditures 

26,772 

21,480 

33,275 

8,770 

20,228 

3,006 

21,277 

Cash flows provided by (used in) operating
 activities 

64,242 

35,327 

47,363 

(31,198 

58,032 

3,346 

31,288 

Cash flows provided by (used in) investing
 activities 

(60,071 

(20,684 

873 

(8,032 

(18,189 

(3,006 

(434,476 

Cash flows provided by (used in) financing
 activities 

(4,782 

2,821 

(37,028 

30,596 

(46,480 

(8,487 

414,151 

Cash dividends received from AAG(12) 

3,152 

4,602 

4,891 

Ratio of earnings to fixed charges(13) 

2.31x 

2.60x 

3.07x 

8.06x 

2.11x 

9.13x 

0.00x 

Pounds shipped 

520,039 

532,000 

617,088 

154,698 

470,887 

52,456 

603,151 

(1) The last-in, first-out LIFO method was used for purposes of determining the cost of certain aluminum
extrusion inventories, which approximated 63 , 66 , 48 , 63 , 59 and 53 of
total inventory at December 29, 2002, December 31, 2003 and 2004, March 31,
2005, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2006, respectively. 

 (2) Represents the amount of shared corporate services
allocated to us by Novar plc and Honeywell and management fees payable to Sun
Capital, as applicable. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations The Transactions Stand Alone Company. 

 (3) Represents restructuring charges: (i) for 2002,
consisting primarily of severance costs related to two overhead reduction
programs implemented in 2002; (ii) for 2003, severance and lease
termination costs related to two overhead reduction programs implemented in
2003; (iii) for 2004, severance costs related to the 2003 overhead
reduction program, severance costs related to an overhead reduction program
implemented in 2004, and additional costs relating to the September 2004
closure of our Berlin, Connecticut facility, consisting primarily of severance
costs; (iv) for the period from January 1, 2005 to March 31,
2005, 525 in severance costs and 169 in additional costs relating to our July 2005
closure of our Fostoria, Ohio facility; (v) for the period from April 1,
2005 to December 31, 2005, a reversal of 222 of the accrual for the
Fostoria closure, as better information became available, enabling us to reduce
the charge; and (vi) for the period from February 2, 2006 to December 31,
2006, a charge of 1,772 related to an overhead reduction program implemented
in 2006. 

 (4) Represents non-cash impairment charges: (i) for
2002 relating to the write down of machinery and equipment at our Ahoskie,
North Carolina facility; (ii) for 2004, a write-off of long-lived
fixed assets associated with the closure of our Berlin, Connecticut facility
and the sale of our Ahoskie, North Carolina facility; (iii) for the period
from January 1, 2005 to March 31, 2005, relating to our July 2005
closure of our Fostoria, Ohio facility; (iii) for the period from April 1,
2005 to December 31, 2005, relating to our Ahoskie, North Carolina
facility, and (iv) for the period from February 2, 2006 to December
31, 2006, a write-down of our Winton, North Carolina plant resulting from the
sale of that facility, a writedown of our Watsonville, California facility
resulting from the coming closure of that facility, and a writedown related to
the closure of one press at its Connersville, Indiana facility. 

 (5) Represents non-cash gains and losses on disposals
of fixed assets: (i) in 2002, a loss of 515 resulting from the sale of a
portion of the acreage surrounding our City of Industry, California facility; (ii) for
2003, a loss of 3,366 resulting from our donation of extrusion and casting
property at our Dolton, Illinois facility to the village of Dolton and a loss
of 451 resulting from the sale of an extrusion press; (iii) for 2004, a
gain of 1,225 resulting from the exchange of our Niles cast house for an
extrusion facility in Connersville, Indiana and a loss of 556 resulting from
the sale of an extrusion press and (iv) for the periods from January 1,
2005 

44 

to March 31, 2005, April 1, 2005 to December 31,
2005 and February 2, 2006 to December 31, 2006, gains and losses in
the normal course of business. 

 (6) Represents non-cash unrealized gains and losses
on the mark-to-market of foreign currency contracts and aluminum
hedges. 

 (7) Represents interest on notes payable to affiliates
arising from intercompany financing arrangements with Novar plc. 

 (8) Consists of our approximately 25 investment in AAG,
which is accounted for under the equity method. 

 (9) Consists of dividends on non-voting preferred
shares of other indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of Novar plc. These
preferred shares were redeemed in connection with the Honeywell Acquisition. 

 (10) For 2002, 2003 and 2004 and for the periods from January 1,
2005 to March 31, 2005 and April 1, 2005 to December 31, 2005,
represents the operations of Brampton, which was sold in February 2004,
and ITI, which was sold in July 2004. 

 (11) Working capital means current assets minus current
liabilities. 

 (12) Represents cash dividends received from AAG. Under the
stockholders agreement governing our investment in AAG, AAG is required to distribute
not less than 40 of its net realized profits to AAH and us. We are therefore
entitled to receive cash dividends equal to our approximately 25 share of at
least 40 of the net realized profits of AAG. However, cash dividends declared
in respect of a fiscal period are sometimes paid in a subsequent period. Due to
this timing difference, dividends declared by AAG in respect of earnings for
AAG s fiscal year ended June 30, 2004 were not paid until 2005 and
dividends declared by AAG in respect of earnings for AAG s fiscal year ended June 30,
2005 were not paid until 2006. Cash dividends from AAG for 2004 are therefore
reflected in our 2005 statement of cash flows. Cash dividends from AAG for 2005
are reflected in the 2006 statement of cash flows. The dividends presented here
are also included in operating cash flows. 

 (13) For purposes of calculating the ratio of earnings to
fixed charges, earnings consist of earnings before provision for income taxes
plus fixed charges. Fixed charges consist of interest expensed or capitalized
and the portion of rental expense we believe is representative of the interest
component of rental expense. Earnings before fixed charges were inadequate to
cover fixed charges by 39,571 in the period from February 2, 2006 to December 31,
2006. 

45 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The financial information of Indalex Holding Corp.
contained in this report is the combined financial information of
Indalex Inc., Indalex America Inc., Indalex West Inc., Indalex
Aluminum Solutions Inc. and Indalex Limited and each of their consolidated
subsidiaries. On December 31, 2004, Indalex Aluminum Solutions Inc.,
Indalex West Inc. and Indalex America Inc. were merged with and into
Indalex Inc. On March 31, 2005, Honeywell acquired our former parent
company, Novar plc. On February 2, 2006, Indalex Holding Corp. acquired
all of the outstanding capital stock of Indalex Inc. and Indalex Limited
in connection with the Holdings Acquisition. 

 The following discussion and analysis of our results
of operations covers periods before the Transactions in most cases and, in some
cases, before the Honeywell Acquisition on March 31, 2005. Accordingly,
the discussion and analysis of these periods does not reflect the subsequent
impact that the Honeywell Acquisition and the Transactions have had on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including, in the
case of the Transactions, our significantly increased debt levels and liquidity
requirements. You should read the following discussion and analysis in
conjunction with the information set forth under Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
Combined Financial Data set forth in exhibit 99 to this annual report on
Form 10-K and Item 6. Selected Financial Data and our combined
financial statements and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in
this report. 

 The statements in the
discussion and analysis regarding industry outlook, our expectations regarding
the future performance of our business and the other non-historical
statements are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not
limited to, the risks and uncertainties described in Item 1A. Risk
Factors. Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statements. You should read the following discussion
together with the sections entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors, Unaudited
Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Data, set forth in exhibit 99.1 to
this annual report on Form 10-K Item 6. Selected Financial Data and
our combined financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere
in this report. See Forward-Looking Statements. 

 Overview 

 We are the second largest
aluminum extruder, and the largest independent aluminum extruder, in the United
States and Canada, based on shipment volume data compiled by the Aluminum
Association and management estimates. Our aluminum extrusion products are
widely used throughout industrial, commercial and residential applications.
Unlike a typical commodity metals business, extruded aluminum products are
typically customized to meet end-user specific requirements and
underlying commodity prices are passed on to the customer. As a result, we are
largely insulated from aluminum price volatility. In addition to aluminum
extrusion, we also offer a broad range of services, including fabrication,
painting and anodizing. In 2006, approximately 94 of our products were
customized, made-to-order aluminum extrusions for use in a wide
array of end-user markets, including the transportation, residential
building and construction, electric and cable, commercial building and construction,
consumer durables and machinery and equipment end-user markets, as well
as through distribution channels. 

 The Transactions 

 The Holdings
Acquisition 

 On September 16, 2005, the Indalex Holding Corp.,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc., entered into
a stock purchase agreement pursuant to which it agreed to acquire all of the
outstanding capital stock of Indalex Inc. and Indalex Limited,
subsidiaries of Honeywell International Inc., for a total purchase price
of approximately 425.0 million in cash (subject to a post-closing
working capital 

46 

adjustment of
 5.9 million). Indalex Holding Corp. is a holding company that is a wholly-owned
direct subsidiary of Holdings, which is beneficially owned by affiliates of Sun
Capital Partners, Inc. and certain other investors and members of our
management team. 

 On February 2,
2006, concurrently with the closing of the Holdings Acquisition, the following
events occurred. We refer to these events, together with the Holdings
Acquisition and the use of the financing proceeds, as the Transactions : 

 certain
of the equity investors contributed approximately 111.3 million in cash
in the form of an equity investment in Holdings, which was contributed to Indalex
Holding Corp.; 

 Indalex
Holding Corp. and Indalex Limited entered into a five-year senior first-priority
secured asset-based revolving credit facility providing for borrowings of
up to 200.0 million, up to 80.0 million of which is available under
a Canadian sub-facility (the revolving credit facility 

 Indalex
Holding Corp. issued 270.0 million of the outstanding notes, which
included 15.0 million of notes issued to Sun Capital Securities Offshore
Fund, Ltd., an affiliate of the equity sponsor (the 15.0 million of notes
were subsequently sold to unaffiliated purchasers on July 18, 2006); and 

 Indalex
Holding Corp. paid approximately 21.7 million of fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the Transactions. 

 The Holdings Acquisition was accounted for using the
purchase method of accounting. As a result, the purchase price was allocated to
the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon
their respective fair values as of the date of the Holdings Acquisition. The
application of purchase accounting in connection with both the Holdings
Acquisition and the Honeywell Acquisition (as defined below) resulted in new
entities for reporting purposes. We refer to the Indalex entities prior to the
Honeywell Acquisition as Predecessor 1 and the Indalex entities following the
Honeywell Acquisition and prior to the Holdings Acquisition as Predecessor 2. 
We refer to Indalex following the Holdings Acquisition as Successor. 

 As a result of the
Transactions, we substantially increased our debt levels in comparison to
historical periods. As a result, our interest expense will increase
significantly in the periods following the consummation of the Transactions. As
of December 31, 2006, we had 328.6 million of outstanding indebtedness
(excluding unused availability of 95.3 million under our revolving credit
facility). For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 and 2006, after
giving pro forma effect to the Transactions, our pro forma cash interest
expense would have been 36.7 million
and 38.8 million, respectively. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Our
substantial amount of indebtedness following this offering may adversely affect
our cash flow and our ability to operate our business, remain in compliance
with debt covenants and make payments on our indebtedness, including the notes. 

 The Honeywell
Acquisition 

 Honeywell acquired our former parent company, Novar
plc, on March 31, 2005. Historical financial data for the periods
following the Honeywell Acquisition reflect the application of purchase
accounting rules, which required Honeywell to allocate the total cost of the
acquisition to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed on the basis of
their estimated fair values as of the closing date. For a description of the
effects of purchase accounting related to the Honeywell Acquisition, see our
audited combined financial statements included in this report. The application
of purchase accounting in connection with the Honeywell Acquisition resulted in
a new entity for reporting purposes. 

 As a result of the Honeywell Acquisition, Indalex
Limited exercised a put option to sell its investment in preferred shares of
Novar affiliates. The redemption value of the preferred shares was set at book
value, 

47 

in exchange for a Note
receivable of 161.2 million. Novar plc declared a dividend to Indalex Limited
of 9.1 million for dividends earned according to the shareholder agreement. The
dividend was reflected on the statement of operations as dividend income for
the period from January 1, 2005 through March 31, 2005. 

 Simultaneously with this
transaction, Novar plc caused Indalex Limited to declare a non-cash dividend of
 139.9 million to Novar plc. At the time, Indalex Limited had a loan
outstanding with Novar plc of 30.4 million. The dividend to Novar plc
represented the difference between the Note receivable of 161.2 million, plus
dividends of 9.1 million owed to Indalex Limited; less the 30.4 million due
owed by Indalex Limited to Novar plc. The dividend owed to Novar plc was
accounted for as a reduction to retained earnings. All of the transactions were
net settled and not settled in cash, so they are reported in the statement of
cash flows as non-cash activities for the period from January 1, 2005
through March 31, 2005. 

 Stand Alone Company 

 We have historically operated as a business unit of
Novar plc and subsequently Honeywell. The financial statements included in this
report for periods prior to the Holdings Acquisition have been derived from the
historical consolidated financial statements of Novar plc and, from March 31,
2005 through February 1, 2006, Honeywell, and include the assets,
obligations and activities of indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of Novar plc
and Honeywell, as applicable. The historical financial information included in
this report may not reflect what our results of operations, financial position
and cash flows would have been had we operated as a separate, stand-alone
company without the shared resources of Novar plc or Honeywell for the periods
presented, and may not be indicative of our future results of operations,
financial position and cash flows. See our combined financial statements and
related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. 

 The historical combined financial statements included
in this document include amounts specifically attributable to Indalex s
operations and a portion of Novar plc s or Honeywell s, as applicable, shared
corporate general and administrative expenses, consisting of certain risk
management, tax, legal and treasury services. In addition, a portion of Novar
plc s and Honeywell s, as applicable, shared corporate general and
administrative expenses that were not specifically identifiable to Indalex s
operations have been allocated to Indalex. Amounts allocated to Indalex are
recorded in the income statements of Predecessor 1 and Predecessor 2 as Management
fees to affiliates. Subsequent to the Holdings Acquisition, Management fees
to affiliates reflects the management fee paid to Sun Capital as described below.
In connection with the Holdings Acquisition, substantially all of the legacy
corporate functions of Honeywell that were employed with respect to Indalex s
operations were retained by Honeywell. We now perform those services internally
or through arrangements with third parties, and the costs are reflected in Management
fees to affiliates and in additional Selling, general and administrative
expenses in our income statements. The amounts allocated by Novar plc and
Honeywell for 2003, 2004 and 2005 were 2.9 million, 2.8 million and
 1.1 million, respectively. 

 In connection with this offer to exchange the notes,
we will become subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In anticipation of the
issuance of the exchange notes, we have begun to incur substantial additional
one time and ongoing costs as a result of having to comply with the Exchange
Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. See Risk Factors In connection with the
offer to exchange the notes, we will incur substantial ongoing costs to comply
with federal securities law requirements. In addition, we will pay Sun Capital
Partners Management III, LP, an affiliate of our equity sponsor, a
management fee equal to the greater of (a) 1 million and (b) 2 
of our EBITDA (as defined in the management services agreement) for a given
fiscal year. We will also reimburse Sun Capital Partners
Management III, LP for all reasonable out-of-pocket fees
and expenses it incurs in performing financial and management consulting
services under the management services agreement. See Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions 

48 

Management Services
Agreement, Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Data and Risk
Factors We may experience difficulties operating as a stand alone company. 

 For all periods presented
prior to February 2, 2006, Indalex s operations, excluding Indalex Limited
and its subsidiaries, were included in the consolidated income tax returns of
Novar USA Holdings Inc. The respective state corporate tax returns of each
subsidiary were filed on a separate or combined entity basis. However, in the
historical combined financial statements included in this report, income taxes
have been provided based on a calculation of the income tax expense that would
have been incurred if we had operated as a separate taxpayer. Indalex Limited
and each of its subsidiaries filed separate tax returns. Income taxes have been
provided for all items included in the combined statements of income included
herein, regardless of when such items were reported for tax purposes or when
the taxes were actually paid or refunded. From February 2, 2006, Indalex
will be filing taxes as a stand-alone company and taxes have been provided for
accordingly. 

 AAG Investment 

 We own a 25.01 interest in Asia Aluminum Group, an
aluminum extruder in China, as a result of an investment made in 2001. Under
the equity method of accounting, we recorded income from the investment in AAG
of 7.9 million, 14.8 million, 10.9 million and 12.5 million in 2003, 2004, 2005 and 2006,
respectively. 

 The dividends we receive
from AAG have also benefited our cash flow. Pursuant to the shareholders
agreement with AAG, we are entitled to receive dividends equal to our approximately
25 share of at least 40 of AAG s net realized profits. Our proportionate
share of these dividends was 3.1 million, 4.6 million and
 4.9 million for AAG s fiscal years ending June 30, 2003, 2004 and
2005, respectively. Cash dividends declared in respect of a fiscal period are
sometimes paid in a subsequent period. We recognize these dividends in our cash
flow statement in the period in which these dividends are received. Dividends
declared by AAG in respect of earnings for AAG s fiscal year ended June 30,
2004 were not paid until 2005 and dividends declared by AAG in respect of
earnings for AAG s fiscal year ended June 30, 2005 were not paid until the
second quarter of 2006. Cash dividends from AAG for fiscal 2004 are therefore
reflected in our 2005 statement of cash flows. We received the
 4.9 million of dividends declared for AAG s fiscal year ended June 30,
2005 in the second quarter of 2006. 

 Factors Affecting
Our Results of Operations 

 End-User Market Demand 

 Our profitability depends in part on the varying
economic and other conditions of the end-user markets we serve. All of
the end-user markets we serve, including our two largest markets, the
transportation and residential building and construction end-user
markets, are subject to volatility and, as a result, our customers demand for
our products may change due to changes in general and regional economic
conditions, consumer confidence, weather, the housing market, fuel and energy
prices and availability, employment and income growth trends and interest
rates, each of which are beyond our control. These factors cause a significant
increase or decrease in the demand for our products, which would impact our
shipment volume and our operating profitability. No single end-user
market drives our overall performance, and individual end-user markets
are influenced by conditions in their respective industries. 

 Demand for our products in the transportation end-user
market generally correlates positively with the overall economy. For example,
during the economic downturn from 2000 to 2001, manufacturers of truck trailers
experienced shipment volume declines of 48 , which caused a negative impact on
our operating profitability. In the period of general economic recovery from
2001 to 2006, shipment volume to manufacturers of truck trailers grew by a
compounded annual growth rate of 12 , and we believe that volume increased by 9 
in 2006. Rising fuel costs have a positive impact on demand for aluminum 

49 

extrusions in truck
trailers, because it makes aluminum a desirable lightweight alternative to
steel, although higher fuel costs tend to dampen demand in other transportation
uses, such as recreational vehicles. Growth in imports from Asia has driven
demand for truck trailers used to haul goods shipped from Asia from the coast
to their destinations in manufacturing centers across the country. In other
areas of the transportation end-user market, demographic trends can have
an effect on the demand for our products. We expect the retirement of the aging
 baby boom generation to have a positive impact on demand for recreational
vehicles. 

 Demand for our products in
the residential building and construction end-user market is driven by
new residential construction and remodeling activity, which are impacted by demographic
trends, interest rate levels and overall economic conditions. In recent years,
we have experienced strong demand in this end-user market due to strong
new housing starts, the increasing size of new homes and increased remodeling
and repair activity. However, after showing strong growth during recent years,
that market slowed considerably during the second half of 2006, and our
shipments to that market were down 26 in the fourth quarter of 2006 as
compared to the fourth quarter of 2005. 
According to data published by the U.S. Census Bureau, housing starts in
the United States were down 32 year over year in the first two months of
2007. Remodeling activity has slowed,
as well. We continue to believe that
there is good long-term growth potential for the residential building and
construction market, but we cannot be certain of when the current downturn in
this market will end. 

 Pricing and Margin 

 The principal raw
materials in the aluminum extrusion process are aluminum billets and ingot. Aluminum
is a commodity and, as such, is valued based upon a variety of market driven
factors The price of aluminum ingot is based on the base aluminum price, which
consists of two components: the price quoted for primary aluminum ingot on the
LME and the MWP. The price of aluminum billet is based upon the base aluminum
price plus the billet premium, which is a cost that is added to the base
aluminum price and represents the charge from the smelter for converting
aluminum ingot to billet. We manage the risk of base aluminum price increases
through one of four pricing mechanisms and through several hedging programs.
Our four pricing mechanisms and our estimate of the percentage of our shipment
volume attributable to each are as follows: 

 Approximately
65 of our shipment volume is priced by a formula pricing mechanism based on
the prior month s base aluminum price plus a conversion margin for our
services. We use hedge instruments to mitigate our exposure to changes in the
base aluminum price for the time period between our purchase of aluminum billet
and when we process it for a customer order. 

 For
approximately 20 of our shipment volume we enter into contracts for a
specified period to provide customers with a fixed price for the aluminum. We
use hedge instruments traded on the LME to specifically hedge our exposure
under fixed price contracts. 

 Approximately
5 of our shipment volume is made through tolling arrangements in which
customers provide aluminum ingot to us for extrusion and separately pay for our
aluminum extrusion and other services. 

 The remaining 10 of our shipment volume is
based on a spot price set by us. We review the spot price monthly and adjust
the spot price periodically for changes in the base aluminum price. 

 We separately negotiate the billet premium we pay, and
changes in the billet premium we pay affect our gross margins. 

50 

We charge our customers a conversion price, which is
based upon our costs to produce, including non-aluminum raw materials
costs, the billet premium we pay, shipping costs and what we charge for our
services. We change the conversion price periodically to reflect changes in
competitive pricing or escalating costs, or to enhance our operating margin,
which can have a positive impact on our profitability. Conversion price
adjustments were relatively infrequent until 2004. Since that time, increasing
raw material, freight and energy costs have resulted in more frequent
conversion price changes. Some of our conversion price increases have not been
well-received by our customers. For example, in 2004, we raised our
conversion prices due to billet shortages, and in 2005, we selectively scaled
back some conversion prices in response to customer feedback. More recent price
increases implemented in 2006 have been generally well accepted. 

 Our gross margin is also
impacted by factors such as product mix, shipping costs, scrap rates and labor
costs. Gross margins vary depending on the type of customer, shape complexity
and the amount of additional services provided, such as painting, anodizing and
fabrication, and the extent to which we outsource from China. In general, our
margins improve as we increase the level of shape complexity and services
provided. In addition, scrap rates are relatively high in our industry, and
high scrap rates negatively impact our gross margins. Labor costs, which are
difficult to reduce in the short term, are impacted by benefits, workers
compensation and base wage rate changes as well as changes in productivity. 

 Hedging 

 The price of aluminum ingot is primarily set by supply
and demand balance on the London Metal Exchange, and is subject to periodic
short-term fluctuations. We are largely insulated from this price
volatility because the cost of aluminum ingot is generally passed on to our
customers based upon prices established on the LME. Aluminum price volatility
impacts our working capital levels significantly. Some of our pricing
mechanisms, such as spot pricing, can create short-term price risk on the
base aluminum component of sales, which we seek to mitigate through the use of
financial derivatives. Under accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States, these derivatives are required to be marked to market monthly,
which can have a significant short-term impact on our operating results,
but does not have a corresponding effect on our cash flows. 

 We purchase natural gas
used for heating during the extrusion process from a third party using 36-month
forward purchase contracts that we enter into on a monthly basis. While this
hedging program has insulated us from recent increases in natural gas prices,
it could have the opposite impact if natural gas prices decline and our forward
purchase price is higher than the market price in the month of purchase. We
build higher energy costs into our conversion margin, but short terms
fluctuations in fuel costs can affect our operating results by increasing our
costs of sales. Because Indalex does not own the derivatives, we do not record
mark-to-market gains and losses for natural gas. 

 Seasonality and Cyclicality 

 We have historically experienced increased demand for
our products from March through October and reduced demand for our
products and lower net sales from November through February. This slow
down is largely due to the seasonal nature of the businesses for a large
portion of our customer base, slower manufacturing during the holiday period,
accompanied by reductions in year end inventory levels and slower ramp up by
our customers. Cold weather during the winter months causes slow downs in the
residential and commercial building and construction industry in Canada and the
northern United States. As a result, we have excess plant capacity during this
time, which usually results in reduced operating results during these months.
However, during these months our working capital requirements decline. 

51 

Working capital typically
declines during downturns as a result of lower levels of customer receivables.
Reductions in working capital mitigate the cash impact of cyclical or seasonal
downturns. Conversely, periods of strong demand require greater levels of
working capital. 

 Globalization 

 Imports of extrusions from China currently represent
approximately 9 of the United States and Canadian aluminum extrusion market,
up from less than 1 in 2000. We believe Chinese suppliers have the ability to
increase their market share in the U.S. and Canadian market by at least one
percentage point per year. Increased direct participation in the U.S. and
Canadian market by extruders in other countries would increase competition,
which could adversely affect our operating results. 

 Globalization of the
aluminum extrusion industry also represents an opportunity for us to outsource
high volume labor-intensive extrusions to lower-cost providers. We
currently outsource approximately 6 of our annual shipment volume to aluminum
extruders in China. Outsourcing to China has increased our shipment volume of
lower-margin products and has increased our total operating profit. 

 Restructuring 

 We incurred restructuring expense of 1.8 million
related to an overhead restructuring program initiated in September 2006. The
program resulted in the termination of 32 employees. 

 We have historically restructured our overhead and
plant operations on an ongoing basis. Since 2002 we have closed two facilities,
consolidated certain shared services organizations and scaled back our fixed
administrative and plant overhead. Severance, relocation and other
restructuring cost levels have been significant but provide for a lower cost
structure going forward, positively impacting operating results. The driving
rationale behind our closures is moving volume from less efficient operations
to more cost effective facilities. 

 In July 2005, we closed our extrusion press in
Fostoria, Ohio, after refurbishing a press in our Connersville, Indiana
facility. Also during 2005, we relocated our Canadian credit and payables
functions to Girard, Ohio, reducing overhead costs through lower staffing and
lower average wages. We incurred cash restructuring charges of
 0.5 million for the 2005 programs and carryover programs from prior
years. 

 In October 2004, we closed our two-press
Berlin, Connecticut extrusion operation after relocating one press to our
Montreal, Quebec facility. Also in 2004, we relocated our U.S. credit and
payables functions from Bannockburn, Illinois, to Girard, Ohio and
significantly restructured our administrative management team resulting in
large charges. In addition, we began the process of consolidating our customer
service organization in order to reduce costs and enhance service by providing
our customers with a one-stop shop for customer services related
issues. We incurred cash restructuring charges of 6.1 million for the
2004 programs and carryover programs from prior years. 

 In 2003, we incurred cash
restructuring charges of 2.9 million predominantly related to fixed
overhead charges. In 2002, we incurred cash restructuring charges of
 2.5 million related to fixed overhead charges and a small carryover of
plant closure charges related to our Dolton, Illinois extrusion plant closure.
For more information on our restructuring programs, please see footnote 8 to
our audited combined financial statements. 

 Unaudited Pro Forma
Condensed Combined Financial Data 

 We derived unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
data by applying pro forma adjustments to the historical year-end combined
financial statements of Indalex included elsewhere in this report. The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations data for the
periods presented give effect to the Honeywell Acquisition and the
Transactions, including the offering of the 

52 

outstanding notes, and the
application of the net proceeds therefrom, as if the Honeywell Acquisition and
the Transactions had occurred at the beginning of the periods presented. For a
description of the assumptions underlying the adjustments to the pro forma
condensed combined financial data, please see Exhibit 99.1 Unaudited Pro
Forma Condensed Combined Financial Data. 

 The Honeywell Acquisition was accounted for under purchase
accounting. As a result, a portion of the total cost of the Honeywell
Acquisition was allocated to our assets and liabilities based upon their fair
value as of March 31, 2005, the date of the Honeywell Acquisition. The pro
forma adjustments for the Honeywell Acquisition give effect to these purchase
accounting adjustments as of the first day of the periods presented. We have
also accounted for the Holdings Acquisition under the purchase method of
accounting. The pro forma adjustments related to the purchase price allocation
in connection with the Holdings Acquisition are subject to finalization of the
tax indemnification and based on information obtained to date. The actual
purchase accounting adjustments described in the accompanying notes may differ
from those reflected in these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
statements. The actual amounts that we record based on our final allocation of
the purchase price, after giving effect to the tax indemnification, may differ
materially from those recorded in our unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial data. 

 The unaudited pro forma
condensed combined financial data is for informational purposes only and should
not be considered indicative of actual results that would have been achieved
had the Honeywell Acquisition or the Transactions been consummated on the date
or for the periods indicated and do not purport to indicate results of
operations as of any future date or any future period. 

 Results of
Operations 

 The following table sets forth the results of
operations of Indalex for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2004,
and for the periods from January 1, 2005 to March 31, 2005, from April 1,
2005 to December 31, 2005, from January 1, 2006 to February 1,
2006 and from February 2, 2006 to December 31, 2006. The data
for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2004 and for the period from January 1,
2005 to March 31, 2005 have been derived from the audited combined
financial statements of Predecessor 1. The data for the periods from April 1,
2005 to December 31, 2005 and from January 1, 2006 to February 1,
2006 have been derived from the audited condensed combined financial statements
for Predecessor 2. The data for the period from February 2, 2006 to December 31,
2006 have been derived from the audited condensed consolidated financial
statements for Successor. 

53 

Predecessor 1 

Predecessor 2 

Successor 

Fiscal Year Ended 
 December 31, 2005 

Fiscal Year Ended 
 December 31, 2006 

Pro Forma 

Fiscal 
 Year 
 Ended 
 December 31, 
 2003 

Fiscal 
 Year 
 Ended 
 December 31, 
 2004 

Period 
 from 
 January 1, 
 2005 to 
 March 31, 
 2005 

Period 
 from 
 April 1, 
 2005 to 
 December 31, 
 2005 

Period 
 from 
 January 1, 
 2006 to 
 February 1, 
 2006 

Period 
 from 
 February 2, 
 2006 to 
 December 31, 
 2006 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2005 (1) 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2006 (1) 

Statement
 of income data: 

Net sales 

748,468 

932,696 

239,849 

781,521 

100,019 

1,142,842 

1,021,370 

1,242,861 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of sales 

684,043 

854,386 

221,542 

727,799 

95,127 

1,058,677 

945,507 

1,146,041 

Selling, general
 and administrative 

47,450 

52,619 

15,593 

35,933 

5,548 

54,966 

51,725 

60,794 

Management fees to
 affiliates 

2,902 

2,771 

700 

1,131 

125 

1,634 

1,255 

1,734 

Amortization of intangibles 

8,282 

920 

10,736 

11,570 

11,700 

Other (income) expense 

1,415 

2,298 

993 

(825 

195 

1,016 

1,237 

468 

Restructuring
 charges 

2,897 

6,086 

694 

(222 

1,772 

1,772 

Impairment of long-lived
 assets 

2,728 

381 

636 

7,248 

7,248 

(Gain) loss on
 disposal of assets 

3,817 

(675 

(274 

(146 

255 

255 

Mark-to-market
 on derivatives 

(4,167 

(3,638 

285 

(1,200 

(3,619 

7,560 

(915 

3,941 

Total costs and
 expenses 

738,357 

916,575 

239,914 

771,388 

98,296 

1,143,864 

1,010,379 

1,233,953 

Income (loss) from
 operations 

10,111 

16,121 

(65 

10,133 

1,723 

(1,022 

10,991 

8,908 

Other income (expense): 

Interest to
 affiliates net 

(8,717 

(8,637 

(1,208 

(3,712 

External
 interest net 

58 

50 

(189 

(24 

(35,745 

(36,728 

(38,830 

Deferred financing
 costs 

(2,220 

(2,424 

(2,422 

Income (loss) from
 equity method investment in AAG 

7,869 

14,807 

1,557 

9,380 

643 

11,841 

10,937 

12,484 

Affiliated
 acquisition fees 

(5,475 

(5,475 

Dividend income
 from affiliates 

12,728 

15,102 

9,077 

Income (loss)
 before income taxes 

22,049 

37,443 

9,361 

15,612 

2,342 

(32,621 

(17,224 

(25,335 

Income tax
 (benefit) provision 

(2,295 

(5,808 

9 

1,912 

703 

(8,723 

(13,093 

(6,333 

Income (loss) from
 continuing operations 

24,344 

43,251 

9,352 

13,700 

1,639 

(23,898 

(4,131 

(19,002 

Discontinued
 operations 

2,540 

1,126 

(50 

Net income (loss) 

26,884 

44,377 

9,302 

13,700 

1,639 

(23,898 

(4,131 

(19,002 

Other operating data: 

Pounds shipped 

532,000 

617,088 

154,698 

470,887 

52,456 

603,151 

625,585 

655,607 

(1) Please see Exhibit 99.1 Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
Combined Financial Data for more information. 

54 

Results of
Predecessor 2 for the period from January 1, 2006 to February 1,
2006 

 Net sales. Net sales were 100.0 million for the
period from January 1, 2006 to February 1, 2006, with shipments of
52.5 million pounds and an average selling price of 1.91 per pound. 

 Cost of sales. Cost of sales was 95.1 million for the
period from January 1, 2006 to February 1, 2006, with an average cost
of 1.81 per pound shipped. 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses. Selling, general
and administrative expenses were 5.5 million for the period from January 1,
2006 to February 1, 2006. 

 Results of
Successor for the period from February 2, 2006 to December 31, 2006 

 Net sales. Net sales were 1,142.8 million
for the period from February 2, 2006 to December 31, 2006, with
shipments of 603.2 million pounds and an average selling price of 1.89
per pound. 

 Cost of sales. Cost
of sales was 1,058.7 million for the period from February 2, 2006 to
December 31, 2006, with an average cost of 1.76 per pound shipped. 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses. Selling,
general and administrative expenses were 55.0 million for the period from
February 2, 2006 to December 31, 2006. 

 Pro Forma Year
Ended December 31, 2006 Compared to
Pro Forma Year Ended December 31, 2005 

 Net sales. Net
sales were 1,242.9 million for the pro forma results for 2006. Shipments
were 655.6 million pounds, at an average selling price of 1.90 per pound.
Shipment volume grew in the year ended December 31, 2006 as a result of
strong market demand, particularly in the Transportation, Residential Building
and Construction, and Commercial Building and Construction end-user markets. Conversion
margin was up 2.7 cents per pound in the year ended December 31, 2006 as
compared to the prior year. Net sales were positively impacted by higher
average base aluminum prices which are largely passed on to our customers. Base
aluminum prices increased on average by 33.0 
in the year ended December 31, 2006 as compared to the prior year. The increase in the relative value of the
Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar resulted in an increase in net sales of
 23.1 million. 

 Cost of sales. Cost of sales for the pro
forma year ended December 31, 2006 was 1,146.0 million or 21.2 higher than 2005. During the
period, we experienced higher base aluminum prices, higher volume, and, to a
lesser extent, higher energy costs, partially offset by lower unit labor costs
as compared to the prior year. We increased our conversion prices in 2006 to
counteract the higher freight, natural gas and electricity costs. 

 Selling, general
and administrative expenses. Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the pro forma year ended December 31,
2006 was 60.8 million or 17.5 
higher than 2005. During the period, we incurred 4.7 million in
one-time costs related to the Transactions and the registration of the 11 1 2 
Notes, an increase of 1.8 million in employee incentive compensation, and
an additional 0.7 million in costs of being a stand alone company. 

 Management fees to
affiliates. Management
fees to affiliates for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2006 were 1.7 million.
Management fees to affiliates reflects expenses of 1.0 million annually,
or 2 of our EBITDA, whichever is greater, payable to an affiliate of Sun
Capital Partners. 

 Amortization of intangibles. Amortization of intangibles
for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2006 was 11.7 million. As
a result of the Transactions, we acquired 89.0 million of intangibles,
including trademark and customer lists, which are being amortized over their
useful life using a declining balance method. 

 Impairment of
long-lived assets. Impairment
of long-lived assets for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2006 was 7.2 million,
as a result of an impairment charge of 3.4 million related to the 

55 

closure of our
Watsonville, California plant; an impairment charge of 2.7 million
related to the sale of our Winton, North Carolina plant, a charge of
 0.5 million related to the closure of a press at our Connersville,
Indiana plant, and a charge of 0.4 million related to our closed Fostoria,
Ohio plant. 

 Other
(income)/expense. Other
expense for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2006 was 0.5 million,
which included expenses related to foreign currency losses of 0.4 million for
certain of our Canadian assets and liabilities due to increases in the Canadian
dollar versus the U.S. dollar and 0.1 of other miscellaneous expenses. 

 Mark-to-market on
derivatives. In
accordance with FAS 133, we recorded a loss on our forward aluminum
hedging contracts of 3.9 million for the pro forma year ended December 31,
2006 due to lower market prices in relation to the price at which we
established our hedges. 

 Income from
operations. Income
from operations for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2006 was 8.9 million,
or 2.1 million lower than 2005, primarily as a result of higher asset
impairment expenses, higher mark-to-market expenses, one time costs related to
the transactions and higher restructuring costs, partially offset by higher
shipment volumes and higher conversion margins. 

 Interest expense. Interest expense for the pro
forma year ended December 31, 2006 was 38.8 million, including
interest expense on the 11 1 2 
Notes and the revolving credit facility. 

 Deferred financing
costs. Amortization
expense for deferred financing costs for the pro forma year ended December 31,
2006 was 2.4 million. As part of the Transactions, Indalex incurred
 16.8 million in debt issue costs, which are being amortized using the
straight line method over the life of the debt. 

 Income from equity
method investment in AAG. Equity
income from AAG for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2006 was 12.5 million,
 1.5 million higher than 2005. Higher volumes related to the start up of
their new facility were partially offset by costs related to the startup of the
new facility. 

 Affiliated
acquisition fees. Affiliated
acquisition fees for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2006 were
 5.5 million, as a result of fees paid to affiliates of Sun Capital
Partners related to the Transactions. 

 Income tax (benefit) provision. Income tax for the pro forma
year ended December 31, 2006 was a benefit of 6.3 million, as
interest expense more than offset income from operations, resulting in a loss
before income taxes for the period. 

 Results of
Predecessor 1 for the period from January 1,
2005 to March 31, 2005 

 Net sales. Net
sales were 239.8 million for the period from January 1, 2005 to March 31,
2005, with shipments of 154.7 million pounds and an average selling price
of 1.55 per pound. 

 Cost of sales. Cost
of sales was 221.5 million for the period from January 1, 2005 to March 31,
2005, with an average cost of 1.43 per pound. 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses. Selling,
general and administrative expenses were 15.6 million for the period from
January 1, 2005 to March 31, 2005. 

 Results of
Predecessor 2 for the period from April 1, 2005 to December 31,
2005 

 Net sales. Net sales were
 781.5 million for the period from April 1, 2005 to December 31,
2005, with shipments of 470.9 million pounds and an average selling price
of 1.66 per pound. 

 Cost of sales. Cost of sales was 727.8 million for the
period from April 1, 2005 to December 31, 2005, with an average cost
of 1.55 per pound shipped. 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses
were 35.9 million for the period from April 1, 2005 to December 31,
2005. 

56 

Pro Forma Year
Ended December 31, 2005 Compared to Year 
Ended December 31, 2004 

 Net sales. Net sales increased by 88.7 million, or 9.5 ,
from 932.7 million in 2004 to 1,021.4 million for the pro forma year ended December 31,
2005. Shipment volume grew 1.4 as a result of strong shipment volume in the
first quarter and fourth quarters of 2005, offset by reduced volumes in the
second and third quarters from the prior period. Net sales were positively
impacted by higher average base aluminum prices that are largely passed on to
our customers. Base aluminum prices increased on average by 8.4 in 2005 as
compared to 2004. The increase in the relative value of the Canadian dollar
versus the U.S. dollar resulted in a 17.6 million increase in net sales in the
pro forma year ended December 31, 2005 as compared to the prior year
period. The sales from the Connersville, Indiana facility, which we only
operated for the latter half of 2004, accounted for 17.2 million of the net
sales increase in the pro forma year ended December 31, 2005. We operated
the Connersville facility for six months in 2004 and for all of 2005. 

 Cost of sales. Cost
of sales increased by 91.1 million, or 10.7 , from 854.4 million in 2004 to
 945.5 million for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2005, due
primarily to higher base aluminum prices and, to a lesser extent, to higher
aluminum billet premiums charged by our suppliers, higher fuel costs that
resulted in higher freight costs, higher natural gas and electricity costs and
higher direct labor costs per pound. We operated the Connersville, Indiana
facility for six months in 2004 and for the full year in 2005, which accounted
for 18.5 million of the increase in cost of sales in the pro forma year ended December 31,
2005. The higher aluminum billet premiums were attributable to increased spot
market billet premiums paid and increases in negotiated billet premiums on
renewed contracts. We increased our conversion prices in 2005 to counteract the
higher freight and natural gas and electricity costs, which has been well
received by our customers. The addition of the Connersville, Indiana facility,
and the completion of the capacity expansion project in that plant increased
depreciation by 0.2 million in the pro forma year ended December 31,
2005. 

 Selling, general
and administrative expenses. Selling,
general and administrative expenses decreased by 0.9 million, or 1.7 , from
 52.6 million in 2004 to 51.7 million for the pro forma year ended December 31,
2005. 

 Management fees to
affiliates. Management fees to affiliates
for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2005 were 1.3 million.
Management fees to affiliates reflects expenses of 1.0 million annually,
or 2 of our EBITDA, whichever is greater, payable to an affiliate of Sun
Capital Partners. Management fees to affiliates for 2004 were 2.8 million. 

 Amortization of
intangibles. Amortization of intangibles for
the pro forma year ended December 31, 2005 was 11.6 million. As a
result of the Transactions, we acquired 89.0 million of intangibles,
including trademark and customer lists, which are being amortized over their
useful life using a declining balance method. The 2005 expense reflects what
the expense would have been, if the Transactions had occurred at the beginning
of the period. 

 Other
(income)/expense. Other expense was 1.2 million
for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2005, and included
 1.5 million in foreign currency losses, 1.0 million of asset
impairment charges related to the closures of our Fostoria, Ohio and Ahoskie,
North Carolina facilities, 0.8 million in warranty and legal expenses
related to one of our previously divested non-extrusion businesses,
 0.5 million in restructuring charges, and 0.9 million in other
miscellaneous expenses, partially offset by a gain of 3.1 million
relating to the reversal of a retiree medical accrual as the program was
restructured, and gains on disposal of assets of 0.4 million. In 2004,
other expense included expenses related to foreign currency losses for certain
of our Canadian assets and liabilities due to increases in the Canadian dollar
versus the U.S. dollar, warranty and legal expense related to one of our
previously divested non-extrusion businesses, and other miscellaneous expenses. 

57 

Mark-to-market on
derivatives. In accordance with
FAS 133, we recorded a gain on our forward aluminum hedging contracts of
 0.9 million for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2005 due to
higher market prices in relation to the price at which we established our
hedges. In 2004, we recorded a gain on our derivatives of 3.6 million to
reflect higher market prices in relation to the price at which we established
our hedges. 

 Income from
operations. Income from operations decreased
by 5.1 million, or 31.7 , from 16.1 million in 2004 to 11.0 million for the
pro forma year ended December 31, 2005 as a result of the factors
described above. 

 Interest expense. Interest
expense for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2005 was
 36.7 million, including pro forma interest expense on the 11 1 2 Notes and
the revolving credit facility. Interest expense was 8.6 million in 2004. 

 Deferred financing
costs. Amortization expense for deferred
financing costs for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2005 was
 2.4 million. As part of the Transactions, Indalex incurred
 16.8 million in debt issue costs, which are being amortized using the
straight line method over the life of the debt. 

 Income from equity
method investment in AAG. Income from our
equity method investment in AAG decreased by 3.9 million, or 26.1 , from 14.8
million in 2004 to 10.9 million in the pro forma year ended December 31,
2005. The decrease in the pro forma year ended December 31, 2005 was due
to reduced gross margins resulting from higher energy and raw material costs at
its existing facility and higher administrative costs related to the startup of
a new manufacturing facility in China. 

 Income tax
(benefit) provision. Income tax for the pro
forma year ended December 31, 2005 was a benefit of 13.1 million, as
interest expense more than offset income from operations, resulting in a loss
before income taxes for the period. Income tax benefit was 5.8 million in
2004. During 2004, the statute of limitations for tax years 1997 to 2000
expired. As a result, we reversed tax reserves of 6.8 million in 2004. 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 Cash Flows 

 Cash flows from operating
activities include cash dividends, if any, received from AAG. We are
contractually entitled to receive dividends equal to our 25 share of at least
40 of AAG s annual net realized profits. There is no requirement as to when
these dividends may be paid but we have received the annual payment ranging
from December to June. We recognize these dividends in our statements of
cash flows in the period in which these dividends are received. These dividends
represent a material portion of our annual cash flows from operations. 

 Cash flows from operating
activities are materially impacted by movements in base aluminum costs which
represent a high percentage of both our costs and selling price which also
impacts accounts receivable and inventory. Base aluminum costs have been very
volatile over time and in 2006 averaged the highest level in at least thirty
years. We pass through these costs to our customers so they have little impact
on our margins but price movements in base aluminum have a material impact on
our working capital. For instance, in December 2006, base aluminum costs
were 24 cents per pound higher than December 2005, representing an
increase of 23 . Each 1 cent per pound increase in base aluminum will have an
approximate 700 thousand impact on our accounts receivable. Inventory and
accounts payable tend to offset each other. 

 Operating activities. Net
cash from operations for the period from February 2, 2006 to December 31,
2006 was 31.3 million, as accounts receivable and prepaid expenses dropped
significantly during the period, partially offset by lower accrued expenses, as
overall business levels experienced a seasonal decrease toward the end of the
period. Cash flow from operations was 3.3 million for the period from January 1, 2006 to February 1, 2006, primarily as a
result of higher accrued expenses, partially offset by an increase accounts
receivable. 

58 

In 2005, cash flow from
operations was 58.0 million for the period from April 1, 2005 through December 31,
2005. Working capital fell during the period, primarily as a result of lower
inventories and accounts payable. Cash used in operations was 31.2 million for
the period from January 1, 2005 to March 31, 2005. Working capital
increases were driven by higher accounts receivable and inventories. 

 Net cash flow from operations
was 35.3 million in 2003 and 47.4 million in 2004. Lower working
capital requirements in 2004 was due to the reduction in current liabilities
which more than offset an increase in accounts receivable. The increase in
accounts receivable was primarily attributable to higher volumes, higher
aluminum prices, an increase in accounts receivable and days sales 
outstanding, due to the acquisition of the Connersville facility. Cash flows
from operations included a 3.2 million cash dividend from AAG in 2003. 

 Investing activities. Net
cash used in investing activities for the period from February 2, 2006 to December 31,
2006 was 434.5 million. During the period from February 2, 2006 to December 31,
2006, the Holdings Acquisition used 418.3 million of cash, and 1.7 million of
cash was used to pay related transaction costs. Capital expenditures during the
period from February 1, 2006 to December 31, 2006 were 21.3 million,
proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment were 2.2 million and
proceeds from the sale of a business were 4.5 million. Net cash used in
investing activities was 3.0 million for the period from January 1,
2006 to February 1, 2006 which consisted of capital expenditures. 

 In 2005, cash flow from
investing activities was 18.2 million for the period from April 1, 2005
through December 31, 2005, including capital expenditures of 20.2
million, and proceeds from the sale of fixed assets of 2.0 million. Cash used
in investing activities was 8.0 million for the period from January 1,
2005 to March 31, 2005, including capital expenditures of 8.8 million,
and proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment of 0.7 million. A
redemption of investments in affiliates generated 32.9 million in 2004. Capital
expenditures were 33.3 million in 2004. 

 Net cash used in investing
activities was 20.7 million in 2003 and net cash flow from investing
activities was 0.9 million in 2004. The redemption of preferred shares in
affiliates of 32.9 million accounted for the difference, and was partially
offset by an increase in capital spending of 11.8 million. The increase
in capital spending relates primarily to key strategic investments, including
the installation of a press in Canada and capacity and efficiency upgrades at
the Connersville facility. 

 Financing activities. Net
cash from financing activities for the period from February 2, 2006 to December 31,
2006 was 414.2 million, as a result of net proceeds from the issuance of the 11 1 2 
Notes of 266.6 million, revolver borrowings of 55.7 million and capital
contributions of 111.3 million during this period, partially offset by debt
issuance costs of 16.8 million and a dividend of 1.5 million paid to our
shareholders during this period. 

 Net cash flow used in
financing activities was 8.5 million for the period from January 1, 2006
to February 1, 2006, primarily as a result of a dividend of 6.8 million
paid to Honeywell during the period. 

 In 2005, cash flow used in
financing activities was 46.5 million for the period from April 1, 2005
through December 31, 2005, as a result of 14.7 million paid on notes
payable to affiliates, 25.8 million in dividends and distributions, and the
repayment of industrial revenue bonds in the amount of 6.0 million. Cash from
financing activities was 30.6 million for the period from January 1, 2005
to March 31, 2005 as a result of collections on notes receivable from
affiliates. In 2004, Novar USA Holdings contributed capital in the amount of
 151.5 million, which in turn was used to repay notes to affiliates, while
capital redemptions of 40.6 million were the primary use of cash in financing
activities. 

 Net cash flow from
financing activities was 2.8 million in 2003 and net cash flow used in
financing activities was 37.0 million in 2004. In 2004, Novar USA
Holdings contributed capital in the amount of 151.5 million, which in
turn was used to repay notes to affiliates, while capital redemptions of
 40.6 million were the primary use of cash in financing activities. 

59 

The primary sources of
liquidity for our business are cash flow generated from operations and
borrowings under our revolving credit facility. We expect that our principal
uses of cash will be debt service requirements, working capital and capital
expenditures. 

 Debt and
Commitments 

 We have significant debt
service obligations. As of December 31, 2006, we had outstanding
 328.6 million in aggregate indebtedness, with an additional
 95.3 million of borrowing capacity available under our revolving credit
facility, net of 10.4 million of outstanding letters of credit, which
reduce availability. Our liquidity requirements are significant, primarily due
to debt service requirements and the cyclicality of our business. On a pro
forma basis giving effect to the Honeywell Acquisition and the Transactions,
our cash interest expense on a combined basis for fiscal year ended December 31,
2005 and 2006 would have been 36.7 million
and 38.8 million,
respectively. 

 Revolving Credit Facility 

 We entered into the
revolving credit facility on February 2, 2006. The revolving credit
facility provides for a first-priority secured five-year asset-based
revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to
 200.0 million, all of which is available in the form of loans denominated
in U.S. dollars to Indalex Holding Corp. and up to 80.0 million of which
is available as a revolving credit sub-facility in the form of loans
denominated in Canadian dollars and loans denominated in U.S. dollars to Indalex
Limited or bankers acceptances denominated in Canadian dollars, subject in
each case to the borrowing base limitations described below. Up to an aggregate
of 30.0 million will be available to Indalex Holding Corp., Indalex
Limited and subsidiaries of Indalex Holding Corp., to the extent that Indalex
Holding Corp. or Indalex Limited is a co-applicant, for the issuance of
letters of credit. As of December 31, 2006, borrowings under the revolving
credit facility bore interest at a weighted average rate of 7.4 per annum. 

 We used the borrowings
under the revolving credit facility, together with the proceeds of the cash
equity contribution and the proceeds of the offering of the 11 1 2 
Notes, to pay the purchase price of the Holdings Acquisition, to pay the fees
and expenses in connection with the Transactions and for general corporate
purposes, including working capital. 

 The aggregate amount of
loans permitted to be made to Indalex Holding Corp. under the revolving credit
facility may not exceed a borrowing base comprised of the eligible accounts
receivable, inventory, machinery and equipment and real property of Indalex
Holding Corp. and its wholly owned domestic subsidiaries, subject to an
aggregate total cap, when taken together with loans made to Indalex Limited, of
 200.0 million. 

 The aggregate amount of
loans permitted to be made to Indalex Limited under the Canadian revolving
credit sub-facility may not exceed a borrowing base comprised of the
eligible accounts receivable, inventory, machinery and equipment and real
property of Indalex Limited and its wholly owned Canadian subsidiaries, subject
to an aggregate sub-cap of 80.0 million and further subject to an
aggregate total cap, when taken together with loans made to Indalex Holding
Corp., of 200.0 million. 

 Our obligations under the
revolving credit facility are guaranteed on a first-priority secured
basis by Holdings and each domestic subsidiary of Indalex Holding Corp. The
obligations of Indalex Limited under the Canadian revolving credit sub-facility
will be guaranteed on a first-priority secured basis by Holdings, Indalex
Holding Corp., each domestic subsidiary of Indalex Holding Corp. and certain
foreign subsidiaries of the Issuer, other than Indalex Limited. 

60 

Indalex Holding Corp. s obligations under the U.S.
portion of the revolving credit facility and the guarantees thereof are secured
by a first-priority lien on all of the tangible and intangible assets of
Holdings, Indalex Holding Corp. and each domestic subsidiary of Indalex Holding
Corp., as well as 100 of the capital stock of Indalex Holding Corp. and our
domestic subsidiaries and 65 of the capital stock of the foreign subsidiaries
directly owned by us or any of our domestic subsidiaries. The obligations of
Indalex Limited under the Canadian revolving credit sub-facility and the
guarantees thereof are secured by a first-priority lien on all of the
tangible and intangible assets of Holdings, Indalex Holding Corp., Indalex
Limited, each domestic subsidiary of Indalex Holding Corp. and certain foreign
subsidiaries of Indalex Holding Corp., as well as 100 of the capital stock of Indalex
Holding Corp. and its domestic subsidiaries and 100 of the capital stock of
our foreign subsidiaries, including Indalex Limited. 

 Indalex Holding Corp. and
Indalex Limited may, at their option, increase the aggregate commitments under
the revolving credit facility by an additional 40.0 million, subject to
the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent. 

 11 1 2 
Second-Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2014 

 Indalex Holding Corp. issued 11 1 2 
second-priority senior secured notes due 2074 (the notes on February 2,
2006. The notes will mature in 2014 and are guaranteed on a second-priority
secured basis by each of our domestic subsidiaries that incurs indebtedness,
and each of our foreign subsidiaries that enters into a guarantee of any of our
senior indebtedness (other than indebtedness incurred by another foreign
subsidiary). On the closing date, the notes were guaranteed by each of our
domestic subsidiaries and none of our foreign subsidiaries. Interest on the
notes is payable semi-annually in cash. 

 The notes are secured by a second-priority lien
on substantially all Indalex Holding Corp. s and the guarantors assets to the
extent that such assets secure the borrowings under our revolving credit
facility and a second-priority pledge of 100 of Indalex Holding Corp. s
and its domestic subsidiaries capital stock and 65 of the capital stock of
our foreign subsidiaries directly owned by Indalex Holding Corp. or any
domestic subsidiary, in each case, subject to certain limitations, including the
limitation that the capital stock will constitute collateral securing the notes
only to the extent that such capital stock can secure the notes without Rule 3-16
of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act requiring us to file separate
financial statements with the SEC or any other governmental agency (the collateral
cutback provision ). 

 The collateral under the security documents includes
the capital stock of the following companies: Indalex Holding Corp., Indalex
Inc., Indalex Limited, Dolton Aluminum Company, Inc. and Caradon Lebanon
Inc. In accordance with the collateral cutback provision, the collateral
securing the notes and the related guarantees includes shares of capital stock
only to the extent that the applicable value of such capital stock, determined
on an entity-by-entity basis, is less than 20 of the principal amount of the
notes outstanding. The applicable value of the capital stock of any entity is
deemed to be the greatest of its par value, book value or market value. The
book value and market value of the capital stock of each of Indalex Holding
Corp. and Indalex Inc. exceeded 20 of the principal amount of the notes as of December 31,
2006. As a result, the pledge of the capital stock of these entities with
respect to the notes is limited to capital stock of each such entity with an
applicable value of less than 20 of the principal amount of the notes, or
 54.0 million. 

 The capital stock of the following companies does not
constitute collateral under the security documents: Indalex UK Limited, Indalex
Holdings (B.C.) Ltd., 6326765 Canada Inc., Novar Inc. and Asia Aluminum Group
Ltd. 

 As of December 31,
2006, the book value of each company whose capital stock constitutes collateral
under the security documents is as follows: 

 Indalex
Holding Corp. - 89.4 million. 

 Indalex
Inc. - 94.9 million. 

61 

Indalex
Limited - 35.9 million, of which 65 , or 23.3 million, constitutes collateral
under the terms of the security documents. 

 Dolton
Aluminum Company, Inc. - 0 million. 

 Caradon
Lebanon Inc. - 0 million. 

 In the case of Indalex Holding Corp. and Indalex Inc., the
applicable value capital stock that constitutes collateral under the security
documents is limited to less than 54.0 million under the collateral cutback
provision. 

 The Company determined the book value of each company
whose capital stock constitutes collateral under the security documents based
on the book value of the equity securities of each such company as carried on
the Company s balance sheet as of December 31, 2006 prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. 

 Management estimated that the market value of the
capital stock of Indalex Limited as of December 31, 2006 was
 77 million, of which 65 , or 50 million, constitutes collateral
under the terms of the security documents. The market value of the capital
stock of each of Dolton Aluminum Company, Inc. and Caradon Lebanon Inc. is
zero because there are no assets held by these entities. 

 The portion of the capital stock of Indalex Holding Corp. and the subsidiaries
constituting collateral securing the notes and the related guarantees may
decrease or increase as the applicable value of such capital stock changes. As
long as the applicable value of the capital stock of each of Indalex Holding Corp. and Indalex Inc. exceeds
20 of the principal amount of the notes, the value of the capital stock of
each of those entities securing the notes and related guarantees will not
change. If the applicable value of the capital stock of any of Indalex Holding Corp. or Indalex Inc. falls
below 20 of the principal amount of the notes, 100 of the capital stock of
that entity will secure the notes and related guarantees. As long as the
applicable value of 65 of the capital stock of Indalex Limited is less than
20 of the principal amount of the notes, 65 of the capital stock of Indalex
Limited will secure the notes and the related guarantees. If the applicable
value of 65 of the capital stock of Indalex Limited exceeds 20 of the
aggregate principal amount of the notes, the value of the capital stock of
Indalex Limited securing the notes and the related guarantees will be limited
to less than 20 of the aggregate principal amount of the notes. As long as the
applicable value of the capital stock of each of Dolton Aluminum Company, Inc.
and Caradon Lebanon Inc. is less than 20 of the principal amount of the notes,
100 of the capital stock of each of those entities will secure the notes and
related guarantees. If the applicable value of the capital stock of either
Dolton Aluminum Company, Inc. or Caradon Lebanon Inc. exceeds 20 of the
aggregate principal amount of the notes, the value of the capital stock of that
entity securing the notes and related guarantees will be limited to less than
20 of the aggregate principal amount of the notes. 

 As of December 31,
2006, the book value of capital stock, as a percentage of the principal amount
of the notes, of each entity whose capital stock constitutes collateral
exceeding 10 of the principal amount of the notes was as follows: 

Indalex Holding Corp. - ratio of (i) book value of the Company s
investment in Indalex Holding Corp. 89.4 million)
to (ii) principal amount of notes 270.0 million) equals 33.1 . 

 Indalex
Inc. - ratio of (i) book value of Indalex Holding Corp. s investment in Indalex
Inc. 94.9 million) to (ii) principal amount of notes 270.0
million) equals 35.1 . 

 The indenture governing
the notes, among other things, limits Indalex Holding Corp. s ability and the
ability of its restricted subsidiaries to: incur additional indebtedness; pay
dividends on or make distributions in respect of capital stock or make certain
other restricted payments or investments; enter into agreements that restrict
distributions from restricted subsidiaries; sell or otherwise dispose of
assets, including capital stock of restricted subsidiaries; enter into
transactions with affiliates; create or incur liens; 

62 

enter
into sale/leaseback transactions; and merge, consolidate or sell substantially
all of our assets. These covenants are subject to important exceptions and
qualifications. 

 Other 

 Industrial revenue
bonds In November 1998, the Hertford
County Industrial Facilities and Pollution Control Financing Authority issued
Industrial Development Revenue Bonds in the amount of 6 million and
loaned the proceeds to Indalex to fund an expansion of Indalex s Ahoskie, North
Carolina, billet casting facility. The bonds were tax-exempt with
interest at a variable rate, which repriced every seven days, and were secured
by an irrevocable letter of credit in the amount of 6.1 million between
Indalex and the bond-paying agent. As of December 31, 2004 and 2003,
the interest rate on the bonds was approximately 1.8 and 1.4 , respectively.
Interest was payable monthly and amounted to 0.1 million per year for
2003, 2004 and 2005. The bonds were scheduled to mature on November 1,
2013. However, due to the inactivity at the facility, Indalex was not in
compliance with the original terms of the bonds, and the bonds were classified
as a current liability as of December 31, 2004 and 2003. The bonds were
repaid on November 1, 2005. 

 Indebtedness with affiliates Indalex
had notes payable to Novar plc and other affiliated companies totaling
 141.7 million and 271.0 million at December 31, 2004 and 2003,
respectively. Interest was payable quarterly based on the three-month
U.S. dollar LIBOR rate at the beginning of the quarter, plus 2.0 in 2004, 2003
and 2002. Principal was due upon expiration of the commitment periods, which
were through September 30, 2009. The following table summarizes the notes
payable to Novar plc and other affiliated companies as of December 31,
2004: 

December 31, 

2004 

(000 s) 

Novar USA
 Holdings Inc. 

74,331 

Novar plc 

24,867 

Security Printing 

14,671 

Novar Holdco 

14,259 

Novar Inc. 

4,490 

Novar Controls 

4,063 

Novar Marketing
 Inc. 

1,964 

Novar Link 

3,080 

Total notes payable to
 affiliates 

141,725 

As of December 31, 2005, there were no notes
payable to Novar plc or any of its affiliates outstanding. Any notes
payable outstanding on the closing date were cancelled in connection with the
closing of the Honeywell Acquisition. 

 Off-balance
sheet arrangements At December 31, 2005
and at December 31, 2006, we did not have any relationships with
unconsolidated entities (other than AAG) or financial partnerships, such as
entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities,
which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance
sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 

 Pursuant to the AAG
shareholders agreement, we agreed in certain limited circumstances upon the
request of AAG s lenders to provide guarantees of certain borrowings of AAG
that were outstanding on June 8, 2001, the date we entered into the AAG
shareholders agreement, in proportion to our approximately 25 equity ownership
in AAG in the event that any of such borrowings are cancelled by a lender or
are required by a lender to be restructured or renewed. We have not guaranteed
or been asked to guarantee any borrowings of AAG under this provision since the
execution of the AAG shareholders 

63 

agreement
on June 8, 2001. The aggregate U.S. dollar equivalent (based on
exchange rates at December 31, 2005) of the borrowings we potentially
could have been required to guarantee at the time we entered into the AAG
shareholders agreement was our approximately 25 share of approximately
 71.6 million, or approximately 17.9 million. Based on the
information we have received from AAG to date, we believe that the borrowings
have been cancelled, repaid, restructured or refinanced. Based on our
interpretation of the AAG shareholders agreement, we believe that our potential
obligation to guarantee any item of the specified borrowings applies only to
the first such cancellation, restructuring or renewal thereof and is thereafter
extinguished. As a result, based on the information we have received from AAG
to date, we do not believe we could be required to guarantee any amounts
outstanding as of the date hereof. We received a communication from the
controller of the majority shareholder of AAG that suggests that the majority
shareholder may disagree with our interpretation of the AAG shareholders
agreement and may believe that our obligation to guarantee the specified
borrowings is not extinguished upon the first cancellation, restructuring or
renewal thereof. Based on this interpretation of the AAG shareholders agreement
by the majority shareholder and based on information we have received from AAG
to date, we believe the maximum U.S. dollar equivalent (based on exchange
rates at December 31, 2005) of the borrowings we potentially could be
required to guarantee at this time is our approximately 25 share of
approximately 88.3 million, or approximately 22.1 million. While we
believe that we have correctly interpreted the AAG shareholders agreement, the
AAG shareholders agreement and our interpretation thereof are not free from
doubt and, accordingly, we cannot assure you that the majority shareholder will
not challenge our interpretation of the AAG shareholders agreement. If we were
required to guarantee indebtedness of AAG and AAG were to default on such
indebtedness, it could have a material negative impact on our liquidity
position. 

 Capital Expenditures 

 We made 24.3 million in capital expenditures in 2006.
Our spending was for dies, quality and efficiency projects and replacement
projects, and included 2.7 million in expenditures related to the
addition of the powder coat line in Gainesville, Georgia as well as 1.6 million
for a material handling system in our Burlington, North Carolina plant, and 1.3 million
for an efficiency project in our Toronto, Ontario casting facility. 

 We made 29.0 million in capital expenditures in
2005 calendar year. Our spending supported a number of growth and cost savings
initiatives, such as a powder coat line, a shipping expansion/line improvement
in Vancouver and a packing line upgrade in Connersville, Indiana. The remaining
spending was for dies, quality projects and replacement projects. 

 We believe that funds
generated from operations and anticipated borrowing capacity under our
revolving credit facility will be adequate to fund debt service requirements,
capital expenditures and working capital requirements. Our ability to continue
to fund these items may be affected by general economic, financial,
competitive, legislative and regulatory factors outside of our control. 

64 

Contractual Obligations Summary 

 The following table
reflects our contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31,
2006. 

 Contractual
Obligations and Commitments by Fiscal Year 

Total 

Less than 
 1 Year 

1-3 Years 

3-5 Years 

More than 
 5 Years 

(in thousands) 

Letters of credit 

10.4 

10.4 

Revolving credit facility 

55.7 

55.7 

Operating leases 

6.2 

2.2 

2.9 

1.0 

0.1 

Capital leases 

6.7 

1.6 

3.5 

1.6 

Purchase
 obligations 

450.6 

343.4 

107.2 

Long-term
 debt 

270.0 

270.0 

Fixed interest
 payments 

232.4 

31.1 

62.1 

62.1 

77.1 

Total 

1,032.0 

378.3 

175.7 

120.4 

357.6 

The table above does not reflect variable rate interest
payments on our revolving credit facility. Based on the weighted average
interest rate of 7.4 and outstanding borrowings of 55.7 million as of December 31,
2006, our annual variable interest rate payments would be 4.1 million. 

 The table above does not
reflect any potential guarantees of indebtedness of AAG. See Risk Factors We
may be required to guarantee certain indebtedness of AAG. 

 Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires the appropriate application of certain accounting policies,
many of which require us to make estimates and assumptions about future events
and their impact on amounts reported in the financial statements and related
notes. Since future events and the impact of those events cannot be determined
with certainty, the actual results will inevitably differ from our estimates.
These differences could be material to the financial statements. 

 We believe our application of accounting policies, and
the estimates inherently required therein, are reasonable. These accounting
policies and estimates are constantly reevaluated, and adjustments are made
when facts and circumstances dictate a change. Historically, our application of
accounting policies has been appropriate, and actual results have not differed
materially from those determined using necessary estimates. 

 The following critical
accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in
the preparation of our financial statements. 

 Derivative Financial Instruments 

 Derivative financial instruments are used to hedge
existing aluminum inventory and anticipated purchases of aluminum and natural
gas and are, therefore, held for purposes other than trading. These instruments
may involve elements of credit and market risk in excess of the amounts
recognized in the financial statements. We monitor our positions and the credit
quality of counterparties, consisting primarily of major financial
institutions, and do not anticipate nonperformance by any counterparty. 

 To manage foreign currency exposure, we enter into
foreign currency forward contracts. The contracts are reported in the combined
financial statements at fair value using a mark to market valuation. 

 We account for financial instruments in accordance
with SFAS No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities, as amended by SFAS No. 138, Accounting for Certain Derivative
Instruments and Certain Hedging Activities. 

65 

SFAS No. 133 requires that an entity recognize
all derivatives as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. In
accordance with our risk management policy, derivatives are limited to futures,
forwards, swaps and options, which are used to mitigate commodity price
fluctuations specifically related to aluminum and natural gas. These hedging
relationships do not qualify for hedge accounting as defined by SFAS No. 133.
Therefore, the derivatives are marked to market through the income statement. 

 As of December 31, 2006, we had 211 contracts to purchase 43.8 million pounds
of aluminum at prices per pound between 0.77 and 1.34. These purchase
contracts are scheduled to mature between January 2007 and January 2009,
and the notional amount was 50.4 million. As of December 31, 2006 we had
10 contracts to purchase 3.5 million pounds of the Midwest premium portion
of aluminum at a price per pound of 0.07. The purchase contracts are scheduled
to mature between January 2007 and June 2007 and the notional amount
was 4.2 million. As of December 31, 2006, we had 78 contracts to sell
41.8 million pounds of aluminum at prices between 1.09 and 1.28. These
sales contracts are scheduled to mature between January 2007 and April 2007, and the notional
amount was 53.1 million. 

 We sell products
manufactured in Canada to U.S. customers, which gives rise to a foreign
exchange rate risk. The purpose of our foreign currency hedging activity is to
protect us from the risk that the eventual U.S. dollar net cash outflows
resulting from foreign purchases or net cash inflows denominated in foreign
currency will be adversely affected by the changes in exchange rates. These
hedging relationships do not qualify for hedge accounting as defined by SFAS No. 133.
Therefore, the derivatives are marked to market through the income statement.
As of December 31, 2006, we had no foreign currency hedges. 

 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

 The allowance for doubtful
accounts is determined by management based on the Company s historical losses,
specific customer circumstances, and general economic conditions. Periodically,
management reviews accounts receivable and adjusts the allowance based on
current circumstances and charges off uncollectible receivables when all
attempts to collect have failed. 

 Pension Obligations 

 We maintain various defined benefit pension plans
which provide retirement benefits for certain employees including various
supplemental executive retirement plans. The assets of the plans are invested
primarily in bond-based funds, debt and equity securities, and short-term
cash investments. 

 Pension costs are calculated using the accrued benefit
model of actuarial valuation with projected earnings where appropriate. For
accounting purposes, the pension plan is actuarially valued annually, with the
measurement date being the last day of the fiscal year and adjustments
resulting from these valuations are reflected in earnings over the expected
average remaining service life of the relevant employee group. 

 The pension plans are valued using the projected unit
credit method of actuarial valuation. Funding requirements are adjusted to
reflect the results of plan actuarial valuations, which are done annually. For
funding purposes, surpluses are offset against annual contributions until
exhausted, while deficits are funded over periods prescribed by law. 

 In connection with the purchase of Indalex by Novar
plc, we acquired the unfunded defined benefit plans, which provide health care
and life insurance benefits upon retirement for substantially all salaried
employees of Indalex. The extent of benefits provided is dependent upon the
retiree s years of service, compensation, age and retirement date. 

 The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and
Modernization Act of 2003 was reflected as of January 1, 2004 assuming
that Indalex, Inc. will continue to provide a prescription drug benefit to
participants who retired prior to January 1, 2000 that is at least
actuarially equivalent to Medicare Part D and that Indalex, Inc. will
receive the federal subsidy. The prescription drug benefit for all other
retirees is assumed to not meet the actuarial equivalence test (equivalent to
Medicare part D) and therefore no 

66 

subsidy savings is
reflected. As a result of reflecting the effects of Medicare reform as of January 1,
2004, the accumulated pension benefit obligation at January 1, 2004
decreased by 0.8 million from 9.7 million to 8.9 million. The
net periodic postretirement benefit cost decreased by 0.1 million from
 0.9 million to 0.8 million. 

 We contributed 11.0 million to pension and other
post-retirement benefit plans during 2006. 

 Our investment committee reviews our benefit
obligations no less than annually with the objective of maintaining a fully
funded status for both the accumulated benefit obligation and the projected
benefit obligation. The performance goal set for the plans assets is to
achieve a long-term rate of return no less than 8.0 . 

 For measurement purposes,
an 11.0 annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered health care
benefits was assumed for 2004 and 2005. The medical inflation rate is assumed
to decline to 9 for 2006 and an ultimate rate of 5.0 in 2013. 

 Environmental Remediation 

 We accrue for costs associated with environmental
remediation obligations when such costs are probable and reasonably estimable.
Costs of future expenditures for environmental remediation obligations are not
discounted to their present value. 

 We are subject to a wide variety of environmental
laws, which continue to be adopted and amended. While the ultimate extent of
our liability for pending or potential fines, penalties, remedial costs, claims
and litigation relating to environmental laws and health and safety matters and
future capital expenditures that may be associated with environmental laws
cannot be determined at this time, management, with the assistance of outside
environmental consultants, periodically assesses our environmental
contingencies. As of December 31, 2006, we have established reserves in
the amount of 1.7 million for anticipated cleanup costs at certain owned
and operated properties, formerly owned and operated properties and offsite
waste disposal locations. We are not a party to any judicial or administrative
proceedings relating to environmental issues. 

 Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets 

 We account for impairment
of long-lived assets in accordance with SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long
Lived Assets. This statement addresses financial accounting and
reporting for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets. At least
annually, we evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that
indicate the remaining estimated useful lives of our long-lived assets
may warrant revision or that the remaining balance of such assets may not be
recoverable. We use an estimate of the related undiscounted cash flows over the
remaining life of the asset to measure whether the asset is recoverable. If the
sum of the future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the related
asset, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the excess of the carrying
amount of the asset over its fair value. 

 Restructurings 

 From time to time through
the evaluation of our business operations, we execute certain restructuring
plans. These plans could include actions such as closing facilities,
consolidating shared services, scaling back fixed administrative and plant
overhead. We account for these items by considering the net book value of the
assets impacted, the payroll, severance and benefit costs and costs associated
with holding the facility. 

67 

Other Reserves 

 We are involved in various
legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of
business. While any litigation contains an element of uncertainty, management
presently believes that the outcome of each such proceeding or claim which is
pending or known to be threatened, or all of them combined, will not have a
material adverse effect on our combined financial position or on our combined
results of operations or cash flows in a given year. 

 Recent Accounting
Pronouncements 

 Recent Accounting
Pronouncements In June 2006,
the FASB issued FASB Interpretation (FIN) No. 48 Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes-an interpretation of FASB Statement 109.
FIN 48 establishes a single model to address accounting for uncertainty in
tax positions. FIN 48 clarifies the accounting for income taxes by
prescribing a minimum recognition threshold a tax position is required to meet
before being recognized in the financial statements. FIN 48 also provides
guidance on derecognition, measurement, classification, interest and penalties,
accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. FIN 48 is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. Indalex will
adopt FIN 48 as of January 1, 2007 as required. 

 In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS
No. 157, Fair Value Measurements (SFAS No. 157). SFAS No. 157
establishes a common definition for fair value to be applied to US GAAP
requiring use of fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value,
and expands disclosure about such fair value measurements. SFAS No. 157 is
effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007. The Company
is currently assessing the impact of SFAS No. 157 on its consolidated
financial position and results of operations. 

 In February, 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159
The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities (SFAS
No. 159). SFAS No. 159 permits entities to choose to measure many
financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value. Unrealized gains and
losses on items for which the fair value option has been elected are reported
in earnings. SFAS No. 159 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
November 15, 2007. The Company is currently assessing the impact of SFAS
No. 159 on its consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

 In September 2006,
the FASB issued FASB Staff Position (FSP) AUG AIR-1 Accounting for
Planned Major Maintenance Activities (FSP AUG AIR-1). FSP AUG AIR-1
amends the guidance on the accounting for planned major maintenance activities;
specifically it precludes the use of the previously acceptable accrue in
advance method. FSP AUG AIR-1 is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2006. The implementation of this standard will not have
a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of
operations. 

 ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURE OF MARKET RISKS 

 Market risk represents the risk of changes in the
value of a financial instrument, derivative or non-derivative, caused by
fluctuations in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and commodity prices.
Changes in these factors could cause fluctuations in the results of our
operations and cash flows. In the ordinary course of business, we are, or will
be, exposed to commodity (i.e., aluminum), interest rate, and foreign currency
risks. These risks primarily relate to purchases and sales of aluminum, changes
in interest rates on long-term debt and changes in foreign currency
exchange rates. 

 Commodity price
risk Aluminum is a commodity and, as such,
is valued based upon a variety of market driven factors. Although the raw
material cost of aluminum is largely passed through to our customers (based
upon London Metal Exchange established rates), different selling methods can
create short-term price risk on the aluminum component of sales. We hedge
our exposure to protect margins 

68 

from the volatility of the
underlying aluminum price. We continuously monitor our position and the credit
quality of counterparties, consisting primarily of major financial
institutions, and do not anticipate nonperformance by any counterparty. At December 31,
2006, we had net financial instruments for 2.0 million pounds of aluminum
billet at prices between 0.77 and 1.34. These financial instruments are
scheduled to mature between January 2007
and January 2009. 

 The effect of a reduction of 10 in base aluminum
prices on our aluminum forward contracts outstanding at December 31, 2006
would be to decrease our income from operations over the period ended December 31,
2006 by approximately 0.3 million. The effect of a 10 increase in base
aluminum prices on our aluminum forward contracts outstanding at December 31,
2006 would be to increase our income from operations over the period ended December 31,
2006 by approximately 0.3 million. These results reflect a 10 reduction
or increase from the three-month LME aluminum price of 2,800 per
metric ton on December 29, 2006. 

 To mitigate our exposure to the volatility in prices
of natural gas markets, we commit to purchase natural gas for up to
36 months going forward. A third party does the hedging on our behalf. As
of December 31, 2006, we had commitments to purchase 27.5 million worth
of natural gas. 

 Interest rate risk Our
obligations under our revolving credit facility have a floating interest rate,
and thus will expose us to changes in short-term interest rates. As of December 31,
2006, our total debt was 328.6 million,
of which 55.7 million was variable rate debt and 272.9 million was fixed rate debt. Our total pro forma cash
interest expense for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 and 2006
would have been 36.7 million
and 38.8 million, respectively. A 0.125 variance in the actual cash interest
rate on our revolving credit facility would cause a corresponding increase or
decrease in our annual interest expense of 0.1 million and, assuming an effective tax rate of 35 , in
our annual net income of 0.1 million. 

 Foreign exchange risk We
consider the U.S. dollar to be the reporting currency for all of our entities.
We have operations in Canada and approximately 11 of our net sales in 2006
were made in Canadian dollars. We incur currency transaction risk whenever we
enter into either a purchase or sale transaction using a currency other than
the local currency of the transacting entity. The U.S. dollar to Canadian
dollar exchange rate may vary from the time we invoice the shipment and the
time we are paid, which could result in a realized currency loss in our results
of operations if we have not hedged our exposure to currency fluctuations
correctly. In addition, we may set prices for our Canadian business in U.S.
dollars and if these prices are not adjusted for changes in the relative values
of the currencies, we could experience reduced operating margins. The U.S.
dollar value of our sales in Canada varies with currency exchange rate
fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the Canadian dollar. The results of
the operations and the financial position of our Canadian subsidiaries are
reported in Canadian dollars and then translated into U.S. dollars at the
applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our combined financial statements.
We report our results in U.S. dollars and our financial results are impacted by
currency fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the Canadian dollar.
Changes in currency exchange rates could have an adverse effect on our reported
results of operations. Upon consummation of the Transactions, we will have Canadian-dollar
borrowings under our revolving credit facility. To the extent the U.S. Dollar
declines against the Canadian dollar, our interest expense for our Canadian
dollar-denominated indebtedness will increase for financial reporting
purposes. 

 ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED
AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 See Index to Financial
Information on page F-1. 

69 

ITEM 9. CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 On March 31, 2005,
Indalex was acquired by Honeywell International Honeywell in connection
with Honeywell s acquisition of Indalex s parent, Novar plc. Indalex was
subsequently notified by Deloitte Touche LLP Deloitte that it
would be necessary for Deloitte to withdraw as Indalex s independent auditors
due to independence matters resulting from the Company s ownership by
Honeywell. 

 ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES 

 Under the supervision and
with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial
Officer, we have carried out an evaluation of our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )). Based on
that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the
end of the period covered by this report to ensure that information we are
required to disclose in reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the rules and forms specified by the Securities and Exchange
Commission. There were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of
the Exchange Act) that occurred during the period covered in this report that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

 ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

 None. 

70 

PART III 

 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 Directors, Executive Officers and Key Employees 

 The
directors of Holdings, the executive officers and key employees of Holdings and
Indalex Holding Corp. and their positions and ages as of December 31, 2006
were as follows: 

Name 

Age 

Position 

Timothy R.J. Stubbs 

39 

President, Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

Michael Alger 

49 

Executive Vice President,
 Secretary, Treasurer, Chief 
 Financial Officer and Director 

Jerry W. Nies 

38 

Vice President and General
 Manager, Mill Finish and 
 Specialty Products 

Dale Tabinowski 

58 

Senior Vice President,
 Human Resources 

Joseph Valvo 

53 

Senior Vice President of
 Sales, National Accounts 

Keith Burlingame 

49 

Senior Vice President of
 Sales 

Ronald L. Kline 

43 

Vice President and
 General Manager, West Operations 

James Piperato 

47 

Vice President and
 General Manager, East Operations 

Clarence E. Terry 

60 

Director 

F. Dixon McElwee Jr. 

60 

Director 

M. Steven Liff 

36 

Director 

Timothy R.J. Stubbs has
served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since February 2004
and as a Director since February 2006. Mr. Stubbs joined Indalex in February 2000
and has 15 years experience in the aluminum extrusion industry. During his
tenure at Indalex, Mr. Stubbs has held several positions within Indalex
including Eastern Region President, Senior Vice President of Sales and
Marketing and Chief Operations Officer. Before joining Indalex, Mr. Stubbs
held multiple positions at Sapa AB. Mr. Stubbs currently sits on the board
of the Aluminum Association, which promotes the benefits of aluminum over other
metals. 

 Michael Alger has served
as our Chief Financial Officer since April 2000, and as our Executive Vice
President since June 2002, and as our Secretary and Treasurer and a
Director since February 2006. Mr. Alger has over six years of
aluminum extrusion experience. Mr. Alger is responsible for all of our
finance, IT and procurement activities. Prior to joining Indalex, Mr. Alger
served as Vice President of Finance for Favorite Brands International Inc. and
has held numerous other financial positions throughout his career. 

 Jerry W. Nies has served
as Vice President and General Manager, Mill Finish and Specialty Products since
October 2006, has been with Indalex for over 6 years, and has over 12
years of experience in the aluminum extrusion industry. Mr. Nies is responsible
for all of our customer service, international, planning, logistics,
engineering and technical service activities. Prior to his current position, Mr. Nies
served as Vice President of Operations and General Manager from 2005 to February 2006,
where he was responsible for all of our manufacturing operations in the United
States and Canada, and prior to that as Vice President of Operations and
General Manager, Transportation and Distribution, where he was responsible for
a group of five extrusion plants and one casting operation. Mr. Nies has
held numerous operations and sales positions throughout his career. 

 Dale Tabinowski has
served as our Senior Vice President, Human Resources, since December 1,
2006. Before joining Indalex, Mr. Tabinowski served as Vice President,
Human Resources, for the Worldwide Heating and Cooling business unit of Lennox
International, a provider of climate control solutions, from April 2002
through early 2006. Prior to Lennox International, Mr. Tabinowski served
as Vice President, Human Resources for
Sunbeam Corporation, a designer, manufacturer and marketer of branded consumer
products, from 1994 through 2002. 

71 

Joseph Valvo has served
as our Senior Vice President of Sales, National Accounts since February 2006
and has been with Indalex since August 1996 and Mr. Valvo has over 29
years of extrusion industry experience. Mr. Valvo is responsible for our
National Accounts Sales team, which accounts for approximately 25 of our
sales. Prior to his current position, Mr. Valvo served as Vice President
of Sales, National Accounts from March 2004 to February 2006 and
prior to that, as Director of Sales East Business Unit from December 1999
to February 2004. Mr. Valvo has held numerous positions in sales and
operations throughout his career. 

 Keith Burlingame has
served as Senior Vice President of Sales since February 2006, and has over
10 years of aluminum extrusion industry experience. Mr. Burlingame is
responsible for our regional sales organization, which accounts for
approximately 70 of our shipment volume and our direct segment, which focuses
on sales to smaller manufacturers and accounts for approximately 10 of our
shipment volume. Prior to his current position, Mr. Burlingame served as
Vice President of Sales, Regional Accounts from October 2004 to February 2006
and prior to October 2004, as Vice President of Sales, South Region. Mr. Burlingame
originally joined Indalex in 1996, rejoined Indalex in August 2001 after
spending 18 months at Albex Aluminum and has held numerous sales and
marketing positions throughout his career. 

 Ronald L. Kline has
served as our Vice President and General Manager of our Western Operations
since August of 2006, and has responsibility for five extrusion plants and
one casthouse. Mr. Kline has 16 years of experience in the extrusion
and metals industry, serving in various operations and financial roles both
domestically and in Europe with Alcoa. Prior to joining Indalex, Mr. Kline
was employed by Alcoa, a producer of primary aluminum, fabricated aluminum and
alumina, from January 1998 to July 2006 and served as a Director of
Logistics from March 1998 to January 2002, a Director of Finance/IT
from February 2002 to April 2004 and a plant manager from April 2004
to July 2006. 

 James Piperato has served
as our Vice President and General Manager, East Operations since February 2006,
with responsibility for five extrusion plants. Prior to his current position, Mr. Piperato
served as Director of Operations from January 2003 to February 2006
and prior to January 2003, as Director of Logistics. Mr. Piperato
joined Indalex in May of 2002. Mr. Piperato held the position of
Director of Finance with Alcoa Engineered Products from October 1999 until
May 2002. Mr. Piperato has over 13 years of aluminum extrusion
experience. 

 Clarence E. Terry has
served as a Director since February 2006. Since September 1999, Mr. Terry
has served as Managing Director of Sun Capital, and he has more than
31 years of operating experience. Prior to joining Sun Capital, Mr. Terry
served as Vice President at Rain Bird Sprinkler Manufacturing, Inc., a
manufacturer of irrigation products. Mr. Terry has served as Chief
Executive Officer on an interim basis for several of Sun Capital s portfolio
companies. Mr. Terry is also a director of Loud Technologies, Inc.,
SAN Holdings, Inc. and a number of private companies. 

 F. Dixon McElwee Jr. has
served as a Director since June 2006. Since May 2006, Mr. McElwee has served as Vice President of
Sun Capital. Prior to joining Sun Capital, Mr. McElwee served as Chief
Financial Officer of Frozen Foods Express Industries, a transport carrier of
perishable goods, from August 1998
to December 2005. 

 M. Steven Liff has served
as a Director since February 2006. Since February, 2005, Mr. Liff
has served as a Managing Director of Sun Capital, and is currently the head of
Sun Capital s Los Angeles office. Prior to joining Sun Capital in March 2000,
Mr. Liff spent six years at Bank of America, focusing on marketing,
underwriting and closing new leveraged transactions. 

 Board of Directors 

 The board is currently
composed of five directors, none of whom is likely to qualify as an independent
director based on the definition of independent director set forth in Rule 4200(a)(15)
of the Nasdaq Marketplace rules. Because affiliates of Sun Capital own 100 of
the voting common stock of Holdings, we would be a controlled company within
the meaning of Rule 4250(c)(5) of the Nasdaq Marketplace 

72 

rules,
which would qualify us as a private company, for exemptions from certain
corporate governance rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, including
the requirement that the board of directors be composed of a majority of
independent directors. 

 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

 Because our stock is not
publicly traded, we do not have a compensation committee. Our board is
currently composed of five directors, all of whom are officers of Holdings, and
all of whom participated in deliberations of the board concerning executive
officer compensation during 2006. For a description of the transactions between
us and our directors, and entities affiliated with such directors, see the
sections entitled Compensation of Executive Officers and Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions. 
None of our executive officers has served as a member of the board of
directors or compensation committee of another entity that had one or more of
its executive officers serving as a member of our board of directors. 

 Code of Ethics 

 We have adopted a code of
ethics applicable to directors, officers and employees. Information regarding
our code of ethics is attached as Exhibit 14 to this annual report on
Form 10-K. You can also request a copy by contacting us at 75 Tri-State
International, Suite 450, Lincolnshire, IL 60069 or (telephone)
847-810-3000. 

 Audit Committee 

 Because our stock is not
publicly traded, we do not have an audit committee. Because we do not have an
audit committee, the entire Board of Directors acts as the audit committee.
Since we do not have an audit committee, we do not have an audit committee
financial expert. 

 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 

 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 Overview 

 On February 2, 2006, Indalex
Holding Corp. acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of Indalex Inc. and
Indalex Limited, subsidiaries of Honeywell International Inc. Indalex Holding
Corp. is a holding company that is a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of
Holdings, which is beneficially owned by affiliates of Sun Capital, certain
other investors and members of our management team. Our current executive
officers, Messrs. Stubbs, Alger, and Tabinowski, are responsible for
matters of company policy and are our Named Executive Officers . 

 Affiliates of Sun Capital
acquired a controlling interest in Holdings in the Holdings Acquisition. In
connection with the Holdings Acquisition, affiliates of Sun Capital negotiated
compensation arrangements with our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer, and the compensation paid to these executive officers reflects the
negotiations between these executive officers and affiliates of Sun Capital. After
the Holdings Acquisition, we have recruited additional executive officers to
Indalex. The overall amounts and mix of compensation paid to these officers
primarily reflect negotiations with them in connection with their recruitment. 

 Our board of directors
consists of three non-employee directors who are employed by affiliates of Sun
Capital and two employee directors, Mr. Stubbs, our chief executive
officer, and Mr. Alger, our chief financial officer. Clarence E. Terry,
one of our directors who is employed by affiliates of Sun Capital, is
responsible for the oversight, implementation and administration of all of our
executive compensation plans and programs. Mr. Terry determines all of the
components of compensation of our chief executive officer, and, in consultation
with our chief executive officer, determines the compensation of the remaining
executive officers. Our board does not have a compensation committee. To date, we have not engaged in the
benchmarking of executive compensation but we may do so in the future. 

73 

Compensation
Policies and Practices 

 The
primary objectives of our executive compensation program are to: 

 Attract
and retain the best possible executive talent, 

 Achieve
accountability for performance by linking annual cash and long term incentive
awards to achievement of measurable performance objectives, and 

 Align
executives incentives with stockholder value creation. 

 Our executive compensation
programs are designed to encourage our executive officers to operate the
business in a manner that enhances stockholder value. An objective of our
compensation program is to align interests of our executive officers with our
stockholders short and long term interests by providing a significant portion
of our executive officers compensation through equity-based awards. In
addition, a substantial portion of our executive s overall compensation is tied
to our financial performance, specifically operating earnings and EBITDA. Our
compensation philosophy provides for a direct relationship between compensation
and the achievement of our goals and seeks to include management in upside
rewards. Prior to determining any compensation package or award, Mr. Terry
takes into account the impact of accounting and tax treatments of each
particular compensation package or award, including the accounting and tax
treatment of stock options. 

 We
have sought to achieve an overall compensation program that provides
foundational elements such as base salary and benefits that are generally
competitive with the median of the marketplace, as well as an opportunity for
variable incentive compensation that is significantly above market when short
and long term performance goals are met. Our executive compensation consists of
the following components: 

 Base
salary; 

 Annual
cash bonus incentive(s); and 

 Long-term
incentive award(s) stock option grant(s). 

 Base Salary. Base
salary is established based on the experience, skills, knowledge and
responsibilities required of the executive officers in their roles. When
establishing the 2006 base salaries of the executive officers, a number of
factors were considered, including the years of service of the individual, individual s
duties and responsibilities, the ability to replace the individual, the base
salary at the individual s prior employment, and market data on similar
positions with competitive companies as information becomes available to us
informally through recruitment/search consultants in connection with our recent
hiring efforts, and through our directors experience with Sun Capital s
affiliated portfolio companies. We seek to maintain base salaries that are
competitive with the marketplace, to allow us to attract and retain executive
talent. 

 Salaries for executive
officers are reviewed on an annual basis, at the time of a promotion or other
change in level of responsibilities, as well as when competitive circumstances
may require review. Increases in salary are based on evaluation of factors such
as the individual s level of responsibility, performance and level of
compensation compared to comparable companies owned and managed by Sun Capital
affiliates. On April 1, 2006, we raised the base salary for our chief
executive officer by 75,000 to 400,000 to make his base salary competitive
with salaries for chief executive officers of companies of comparable size to
Indalex. 

 Annual Cash Bonus Incentive. The
objective of the annual cash bonus incentive is to reward executive officers
for our performance, as measured by operating earnings or EBITDA. The targets
under the bonus plans were established based on our budgeted operating earnings
or EBITDA for 2006. 

 Annual target cash bonuses
are determined initially as a percentage of each executive officer s base
salary for the fiscal year, and the payment of target cash bonuses depends upon
the achievement of certain pre-determined performance targets and, in some
cases, individual performance. The target cash bonus is established based on an
individual s level of responsibility. For 2006, the cash bonus payable to Mr. Stubbs
in connection with the achievement of a pre-determined target was established
at 75 of his base salary 

74 

for 2006.
For 2006, the cash bonus payable to Mr. Alger in connection with the
achievement of a pre-determined target was established at 60 of his base
salary for 2006. For 2006, the target cash bonus for Mr. Ulik was
established at 45 of his base salary for 2006, with 75 of his cash bonus
payable in connection with the achievement of a pre-determined target and 25 
of his cash bonus to be determined on a discretionary basis. For 2006, the
target cash bonus for Mr. Tabinowski was established at 45 of his base
salary for 2006, with 75 of his cash bonus payable in connection with the
achievement of a pre-determined target and 25 of his cash bonus to be
determined on a discretionary basis. The cash bonus payouts for Messrs. Ulik
and Tabinowski for 2006 were pro-rated based on the portion of the year during
which they were employed by us. Depending on our performance relative to the
applicable predetermined target, the actual cash bonus for our executive
officers may be less than or greater than the target cash bonus. All cash
bonuses will be limited to a pre-determined maximum, as described below. 

 Long Term Incentive Awards. All of our
executive officers have received equity compensation awards in the form of
non-qualified stock options. We grant long term incentive awards in the form of
stock options because it is a common method for privately-held companies to
provide equity incentives to executive officers. The options are designed to
align the interests of our executive officers with our stockholders long-term
interests by providing them with equity-based awards that vest over a period of
time and become exercisable upon the occurrence of certain events, as well as
to reward executive officers for performance. In connection with the Holdings
Acquisition, the board adopted a stock
option plan on February 2, 2006. The board amended and restated the stock
option plan on May 19, 2006. Stock options granted by us have an exercise
price equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. We
granted options to Messrs. Stubbs and Alger in connection with and as a
reward for the successful completion of the Holdings Acquisition. These stock
options have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our common
stock on the date of the Holdings Acquisition, as determined by the purchase
price paid per share of Holdings common stock in that transaction. We have
agreed to grant options to Mr. Tabinowski in connection with the start of his
employment with Indalex. These stock options will have an exercise price equal
to the fair market value of our common stock on the date of their hire, as
determined in good faith by representatives of our board of directors. Future
grants of stock options will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Because
all of the options are non-qualified stock options, we will be entitled to a
tax deduction in the year in which the non-qualified stock option is exercised
in an amount equal to the amount by which the fair market value of the shares
underlying the option on the date of exercise exceeds the option exercise
price. 

 Special Bonus for Option Holders. On July 18, 2006 we paid
a dividend of 1.52 per share to our stockholders. In connection with the
dividend, we made an arrangement with our option holders to set aside a special
bonus consisting of the dividend the holder would have received had his or her
options been exercised in full immediately prior to the time the dividend was
paid. The option holders become entitled to the special bonus only as their
related options vest, and the special bonus is payable only upon exercise of
the related options or a change of control. This award is intended to align
interests of our executive officers with our stockholders short-term and
long-term interests by providing them an opportunity to receive the benefit of
this dividend upon the exercise of their options. 

 Payments in connection with Holdings Acquisition. In connection with the
Holdings Acquisition, Messrs. Stubbs and Alger received divestiture
incentive payments from Honeywell of 382,536 and 318,780, respectively. The
bonus was paid on February 10, 2006, shortly
after the completion of the Holdings Acquisition, and was based upon, among
other criteria, the final purchase price received by Honeywell. 

 Other Programs. We
also provide our Named Executive Officers with life and medical insurance, 401(k) matching
and a car allowance program. 

75 

Summary
Compensation Table 

 The
following table summarizes the total compensation earned in 2006 by our Named
Executive Officers. 

Name and 
 Principal Position 

Year 

Salary 
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 

Option 
 Awards 
 ) 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Change in 
 Pension Value 
 and 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 

All 
 Other 
 Compen- 
 sation (3) 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Timothy R.J. Stubbs 

2006 

394,829 

382,536 

(1)(2) 

553 

552,000 

30,205 

34,864 

1,394,987 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Michael E. Alger 

2006 

293,906 

318,780 

(1)(2) 

262 

331,200 

4 

27,069 

971,221 

Executive
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Charles E. Ulik(4) 

2006 

61,250 

32,695 

3,077 

97,022 

Chief Operating Officer 

Dale R. Tabinowski 

2006 

15,750 

10,622 

3,785 

30,157 

Senior
 Vice President, Human Resources 

(1) Represents divestiture incentive payments from
Honeywell on behalf of Indalex in connection with the Holdings Acquisition. 

 (2) In connection with a dividend we paid to our
stockholders on July 18, 2006, we made an arrangement with our option
holders to set aside a special bonus consisting of the dividend the holder
would have received had his or her options been exercised in full immediately
prior to the time the dividend was paid. As a result of this arrangement,
 11,552 was set aside for Mr. Stubbs and 5,472 was set aside for Mr. Alger,
representing the dividend per share equal to 1.52 multiplied by the number of
currently vested options held by each of them. These amounts are payable only
upon exercise of the related options or a change of control. 

 (3) The dollar value of the amounts shown in this column
for 2006 includes the following: 

Car 
 Allowance 

Matching 
 Contributions 
 Under 401(k) 
 Savings Plan 

Supplemental 
 401(k) 
 Matching 
 Contributions (a) 

Life 
 Insurance 
 Premiums 

Signing 
 Bonus 

Timothy R.J. Stubbs 

12,000 

9,900 

9,724 

3,240 

Michael E. Alger 

10,200 

9,900 

4,563 

2,406 

Charles E. Ulik 

2,746 

331 

Dale R. Tabinowski 

785 

3,000 

(a) Messrs. Stubbs and Alger are participants in the Indalex
USA Benefit Equalization Plan (the Benefit Equalization Plan which provides
matching contributions which cannot be contributed to the Indalex plc 401(k) Savings
Plan due to limitations imposed by Section 401(a)(17) and Section 415
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Benefit Equalization
Plan, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2001, is non-qualified and
unfunded for tax purposes and for purposes of Title I of ERISA. The rights of
participants and their beneficiaries are solely those of a general unsecured
creditor of the Company 

 (4) As of
February 22, 2007 Mr. Ulik is no longer employed by us. 

76 

Grants of
Plan-Based Awards 

 The
following table summarizes information regarding our 2006 bonus plans and
awards granted under our 2006 stock option plan during 2006: 

Estimated Future Payouts Under 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan 

All Other 
 Option 
 Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 

Exercise or 
 Base Price of 
 Option 

Grant Date 
 Fair Value of 
 Stock and 

Approval 

Threshold 

Target 

Maximum 

Options 

Awards 

Option 

Name 

Grant Date 

Date(1) 

) 

) 

) 

(#) 

/Sh) 

Awards 

Timothy R.J. Stubbs 

5/31/06 

2/02/06 

38,000 

(2) 

111.25 

1,522 

President and Chief 

Executive Officer 

4/04/06 

4/04/06 

300,000 

600,000 

Michael E. Alger 

5/31/06 

2/02/06 

18,000 

(2) 

111.25 

721 

Executive
 Vice 

President
 and Chief 

4/04/06 

4/04/06 

180,000 

360,000 

Financial
 Officer 

Charles E. Ulik(3) 

9/13/06 

9/11/06 

110,250 

147,000 

Chief Operating Officer 

Dale R. Tabinowski 

11/27/06 

9/11/06 

87,750 

117,000 

Senior
 Vice President, Human Resources 

(1) The
difference between the date these awards were approved and their grant date is
due to a lapse of time between the approval date and the time that award
documents to evidence these awards were finalized and executed. 

 (2) In
connection with a dividend we paid to our stockholders on July 18, 2006,
we made an arrangement with our option holders to set aside a special bonus
consisting of the dividend the holder would have received had his or her
options been exercised in full immediately prior to the time the dividend was
paid. As a result of this arrangement, 11,552 was set aside for Mr. Stubbs
and 5,472 was set aside for Mr. Alger, representing the dividend per
share equal to 1.52 multiplied by the number of currently vested options held
by each of them. These amounts are payable only upon exercise of the related
options or a change of control. 

 (3) As of February 22, 2007 Mr. Ulik is no longer employed
by us. 

 2006 Bonus Plan for
Messrs. Stubbs and Alger 

 The 2006 bonus plan for Mr. Stubbs provides for a
base salary of 400,000 and a target cash bonus of 300,000. The 2006 bonus
plan for Mr. Alger provides for a base salary of 297,000 and a target
cash bonus of 180,000. In 2006, the cash bonuses for Messrs. Stubbs and
Alger are based entirely on the amount by which EBITDA exceeds certain
pre-determined levels for such year. They will earn no bonus if EBITDA is below
a pre-determined threshold, 100 of their target cash bonuses if EBITDA meets
the target and up to 200 of their target cash bonuses if EBITDA meets or
exceeds a pre-determined maximum. The bonuses are pro rated between threshold
and target and between target and maximum and cannot exceed 200 of the target
cash bonus. The actual cash bonus paid to Messrs. Stubbs and Alger in 2007
in respect of 2006 was 184 of their target cash bonuses. 

77 

2006 Bonus Plan for
Messrs. Ulik and Tabinowski 

 On September 13, 2006, Mr. Ulik entered into
a letter agreement with us providing for a base salary of 245,000 and a
maximum cash bonus of 147,000. On November 27, 2006, Mr. Tabinowski
entered into a letter agreement with us providing for a base salary of 195,000
and a maximum cash bonus of 117,000. The amount of the cash bonuses for Messrs. Ulik
and Tabinowski will be determined in accordance with the 2006 Company Bonus
Program. The full-year target cash bonuses for Messrs. Ulik and Tabinowski
under the 2006 Company Bonus Program were established at 110,250 and 87,750,
respectively, and were pro-rated based on the portion of the year during which
they were employed by us. 

 Under the 2006 Company Bonus
Program, seventy-five percent (75 of the cash bonuses for Messrs. Ulik
and Tabinowski are based on our operating earnings for 2006 and twenty-five
percent (25 of their cash bonuses are discretionary. The portion of the cash
bonuses based on operating earnings (75 is based on the amount by which
operating earnings exceeds certain pre-determined levels for 2006. They will
earn none of this portion of their cash bonuses if operating earnings is below
a pre-determined threshold, 100 of this portion of their target cash bonuses
if operating earnings meets the target and up to 133 of this portion of their
target cash bonuses if operating earnings meets or exceeds a pre-determined
maximum. The bonuses are pro rated between threshold and target and between
target and maximum and cannot exceed 133 of the target cash bonus. The portion
of the cash bonuses that is discretionary (25 is directly related to
individual performance. The cash bonuses for Messrs. Ulik and Tabinowski
cannot exceed 133 of the target. The actual cash bonus paid to Messrs. Ulik
and Tabinowski in 2007 in respect of 2006 was 116 of their target cash
bonuses, pro-rated based on the portion of the year during which they were
employed by us. 

 Option Grants for Mr.
Tabinowski 

 Mr. Tabinowski s
letter agreement provides that Mr. Tabinowski is eligible to receive a
stock option to purchase up to 2,000 shares of common stock under the 2006
stock option plan. We expect to issue these options in the first half of 2007. 

 2006 Stock Option
Plan 

 In connection with
the Holdings Acquisition, we adopted a stock option plan, which provides for
the grant to our directors, officers, key employees and consultants of options
to purchase non-voting shares of our common stock. A committee composed of two
or more non-employee directors administers the stock option plan. The committee
has broad powers under the stock option plan, including exclusive authority to
determine: 

 who
will receive awards; 

 the
type, size and terms of awards; and 

 vesting
criteria, if any, of the awards. 

 Options awarded under the stock option plan will be
exercisable for shares of our non-voting common stock. The total number of
shares of non-voting common stock as to which options may be granted may not
exceed 100,000 shares. 

 If we undergo a dividend, recapitalization, or a
spin-off, split-up, combination or exchange of shares or other change in shares
of our non-voting common stock, the committee shall appropriately adjust the
aggregate number and kind of shares subject to the stock option plan and the
aggregate number and kind of shares subject to each outstanding option and the
exercise price thereof. If we undergo a merger, consolidation, or sale of all
or substantially all of our assets, the committee may cause options awarded
under the stock option plan to become immediately exercisable. 70,000 stock
options were outstanding as of December 31, 2006. 

78 

Of the options granted to Messrs. Stubbs
and Alger, 20 of the shares subject to the option vested on the grant date,
with the remaining shares vesting 20 incrementally, commencing on the second
anniversary of the grant date with full vesting occurring on the fifth
anniversary of the grant date. The options granted to other officers vest in
20 increments on each anniversary date of the grant date, commencing on the
first anniversary of the grant date with full vesting occurring on the fifth
anniversary of the grant date. The exercise of options is specifically limited
and may not occur until the earlier of the end of the option term, a change of
control of Holdings, the termination of the executive officer s employment
without cause, or the termination of the executive officer s employment due to
death or disability. 

 Outstanding Equity
Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

 The
following table summarizes the outstanding equity awards held by our Named
Executive Officers: 

Option Awards 

Name 

Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Exercisable 

Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Unexercisable 

Equity Incentive 
 Plan Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned 
 Options (#) 

Option 
 Exercise 
 Price ) 

Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 

Timothy R.J.
 Stubbs 

38,000 

111.25 

May 31, 2016 

President and
 Chief Executive Officer 

Michael E. Alger 

18,000 

111.25 

May 31, 2016 

Executive Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer 

Dale R. Tabinowski 

Senior Vice President, Human Resources 

79 

Pension Benefits 

 The
following table summarizes pension benefits for each of our Named Executive
Officers: 

Name 

Plan Name 

Number of 
 Years 
 Credited 
 Service 
 (#) 

Present 
 Value of 
 Accumulated 
 Benefit 
 ) 

Payments 
 During Last 
 Fiscal Year 
 ) 

Timothy R.J.
 Stubbs 

Indalex
 USA Pension Plan 

6 

9,100 

President and
 Chief 

Executive Officer 

Indalex
 USA Supplemental Retirement Plan 

6 

77,600 

25,800 

Canadian Registered Pension Plan 

6 

19,000 

Canadian Supplemental Pension Plan 

6 

34,000 

4,400 

Michael E. Alger 

Indalex USA Pension Plan 

3 

48,700 

Executive Vice 

President and Chief 
 Financial Officer 

Indalex
 USA Supplemental Retirement Plan 

3 

18,200 

Charles E. Ulik 

Chief Operating Officer 

Dale R. Tabinowski 

Senior Vice
 President, Human Resources 

The present value
calculations presented in the table above assume benefits commence once the
Named Executive Officer is eligible for unreduced early retirement at age 62.
The assumptions used in the calculations are as follows: discount rate = 5.84 
(an estimate of the December 31, 2006 rate); mortality table = RP2000
Combined Table Projected to 2006; and retirement age = Age 62; Canadian
benefits converted to U.S. dollars as CDN 1 = US 0.8582. 

 Non-Qualified
Deferred Compensation 

 The
following table summarizes the benefits to our Named Executive Officers under
the Benefit Equalization Plan: 

Name 

Executive 
 Contributions 
 in Last FY 
 ) 

Registrant 
 Contributions 
 in Last FY 
 ) 

Aggregate 
 Earnings in 
 Last FY 
 ) 

Aggregate 
 Withdrawals/ 
 Distributions 
 ) 

Aggregate 
 Balance 
 at Last 
 FYE 
 ) 

Timothy R.J.
 Stubbs 

9,724 

2,038 

45,732 

President and
 Chief Executive Officer 

Michael E. Alger 

4,563 

1,687 

35,195 

Executive Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer 

Charles E. Ulik 

Chief Operating
 Officer 

Dale R. Tabinowski 

Senior Vice President, Human Resources 

80 

Termination and
Change in Control Arrangements 

 Assuming
each executive officer s employment was terminated under each of the
circumstances set forth below, or a change in control occurred, on December 31,
2006, the estimated values of payments and benefits to each named executive
officer are set forth in the following table: 

Name 

Benefit 

Termination 
 without 
 Cause Prior 
 to a Change 
 in Control 

Termination 
 without 
 Cause 
 Following a 
 Change in 
 Control 

Voluntary 
 Termination 

Death or 
 Disability 

Change in 
 Control 

Timothy R.J. Stubbs 

Cash 

President and Chief 
 Executive Officer 

Severance 

394,829 

394,829 

394,829 

Special Bonus 

for
 Option 

Holders 

11,552 

Value of 

271,700 

271,700 

Equity 

or 

or 

Awards 

271,700 

1,358,500 

(1) 

271,700 

1,358,500 

(1) 

Michael E. Alger 

Cash 

Executive Vice 
 President and Chief Financial Officer 

Severance 

293,906 

293,906 

293,906 

Special Bonus 

for
 Option 

Holders 

5,472 

Value of 

128,700 

128,700 

Equity 

or 

or 

Awards 

128,700 

643,500 

(1) 

128,700 

643,500 

(1) 

Charles E. Ulik 

Cash 

Chief Operating Officer 

Severance 

122,500 

122,500 

Dale R. Tabinowski 

Cash 

Senior Vice President 
 Human Resources 

Severance 

97,500 

97,500 

(1) The option grant
agreements for Messrs. Stubbs and Alger provide that if the consideration
for a change in control transaction consists primarily of cash, 100 of the
total number of shares subject to the option shall vest immediately prior to
the consummation of a change in control. If the transaction consideration does
not consist primarily of cash, only the vested portion of the option shall
become exercisable upon a change in control. 

81 

Timothy
R.J. Stubbs. On May 31,
2006, Mr. Stubbs entered into a letter agreement with us. The agreement
provides that if Mr. Stubbs resigns or if Mr. Stubbs employment is
terminated by us without cause, he is entitled to receive his base salary for a
period of twelve months following his resignation or termination of employment
without cause. The letter agreement provides that Mr. Stubbs is entitled
to receive the severance payment as long as certain conditions are met,
including that Mr. Stubbs sign a general release of Indalex and that Mr. Stubbs
has not breached any of the terms or provisions of his stock option grant
agreement dated May 31, 2006. Mr. Stubbs stock option grant
agreement provides that Mr. Stubbs will not compete with us during the
term of his employment and for a twelve-month period thereafter. The stock
option grant agreement also contains certain non-solicitation and
non-disparagement agreements. The letter agreement also provides that Indalex
shall have the option, by delivering written notice to Mr. Stubbs within
nine months after Mr. Stubbs ceases to be an employee, to extend the
severance period for an additional twelve-month period, during which Mr. Stubbs
will continue to receive the severance payments, and automatically extend the
non-competition period prescribed in the option grant agreement for the
additional twelve-month period. 

 Upon a change in control,
the vested portion of Mr. Stubbs option shall become exercisable, but if
the consideration for a change in control transaction consists primarily of
cash, 100 of the total number
of shares subject to the option shall vest immediately prior to and become
exercisable upon the consummation of a change in control. If Mr. Stubbs employment is
terminated by us other than for cause, then the vested portion of Mr. Stubbs 
option may be exercised after the date of termination but on or before the 15th
day of the third calendar month following the date of termination. If Mr. Stubbs 
employment terminates due to death or disability, the vested portion of Mr. Stubbs 
option may be exercised after the date of termination but on or before the
later of (a) December 31 of that year or (B) the 15th day of the
third calendar month after the date of termination (unless Mr. Stubbs is a
 specified employee as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the
Internal Revenue Code, in which case the option shall be exercisable on the
date that is six months after the date of termination). In addition, upon a
sale of Holdings prior to the time his options are fully vested, Mr. Stubbs
will be entitled to receive any portion of a special bonus attributable to
unvested options as described under Special Bonus for Option Holders above. 

 Michael
E. Alger. On May 31,
2006, Mr. Alger entered into a letter agreement with us. The letter
agreement provides that if Mr. Alger resigns or if Mr. Alger s
employment is terminated by us without cause, he is entitled to receive his
base salary for a period of twelve months following his resignation or
termination of employment without cause. The letter agreement provides that Mr. Alger
is entitled to receive the severance payment as long as certain conditions are
met, including that Mr. Alger sign a general release of Indalex and that Mr. Alger
has not breached any of the terms or provisions of his stock option grant
agreement dated May 31, 2006. Mr. Alger s stock option grant
agreement provides that Mr. Alger will not compete with us during the term
of his employment and for a twelve-month period thereafter. The stock option
grant agreement also contains certain non-solicitation and non-disparagement
agreements. 

 Upon a change in control,
the vested portion of Mr. Alger s option shall become exercisable, but if
the consideration for a change in control transaction consists primarily of
cash, 100 of the total number
of shares subject to the option shall vest immediately prior to and become
exercisable upon the consummation of a change in control. If Mr. Alger s employment is
terminated by us other than for cause, then the vested portion of Mr. Alger s
option may be exercised after the date of termination but on or before the 15th
day of the third calendar month following the date of termination. If Mr. Alger s
employment terminates due to death or disability, the vested portion of Mr. Alger s
option may be exercised after the date of termination but on or before the
later of (a) December 31 of that year or (B) the 15th day of the
third calendar month after the date of termination (unless Mr. Alger is a specified
employee as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Internal
Revenue Code, in which case the option 

82 

shall
be exercisable on the date that is six months after the date of termination).
In addition, upon a sale of Holdings prior to the time his options are fully
vested, Mr. Alger will be entitled to receive any portion of a special
bonus attributable to unvested options as described under Special Bonus for
Option Holders above. 

 Charles
E. Ulik. The letter
agreement, dated September 13, 2006, between Mr. Ulik and us provides that Mr. Ulik is entitled to
a lump sum equivalent to his base salary for six months if we terminate him
without cause within the first six months of his employment and a lump sum
equivalent to his base salary for a period of twelve months if we terminate him
without cause thereafter. In addition, the letter agreement provides that Mr. Ulik
will not compete with us or provide services to any of our competitors during
the term of his employment and for a period of six months thereafter. The
letter agreement also contains certain non-solicitation agreements.
Mr. Ulik was paid 136,635 pursuant to this agreement in connection with
his termination on February 20, 2007. 

 Dale R. Tabinowski. The letter agreement, dated November 27,
2006, between Mr. Tabinowski and us provides that Mr. Tabinowski is
entitled to a lump sum equivalent to his base salary for six months if we
terminate him without cause within the first six months of his employment and a
lump sum equivalent to his base salary for a period of twelve months if we
terminate him without cause thereafter. In addition, the letter agreement
provides that Mr. Tabinowski will not compete with us or provide services
to any of our competitors during the term of his employment and for a period of
six months thereafter. The letter agreement also contains certain
non-solicitation agreements. 

 Compensation of
Directors 

 None of our directors receive fees for services as
directors. In the future, we may compensate directors who are neither our
employees nor affiliates of Sun Capital Partners. All of our directors are
reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
attending all board and other committee meetings. 

83 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

 As of March 1,
2007, Holdings had 904,061 shares of voting common stock and 95,963 shares of
non-voting common stock outstanding and a total of non-voting common
stock option currently exercisable or exercisable by our executive officers as
a group within 60 days of March 1, 2007. The following table sets forth
certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of common stock of
Holdings as of March 1, 2007 by: 

 each
person who is the beneficial owner of more than 5 of its outstanding voting
common stock; 

 each
member of the board of directors of Holdings and our Named Executive Officers;
and 

 each
of our directors and executive officers as a group. 

 To our
knowledge, each such stockholder has sole voting and investment power as to the
common stock shown unless otherwise noted. Beneficial ownership of the common
stock listed in the table has been determined in accordance with the applicable
rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (the Exchange Act ). 

Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc. 

Number of 
 Shares of 
 Voting 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 

Number of 
 Shares of 
 Non-Voting 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 

Total 
 Number of 
 Shares of 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 

Percent of 
 Voting 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 

Percent of 
 All 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 

Principal Stockholders: 

Sun Indalex, LLC(1) 

904,061 

904,061 

100.0 

90.4 

Indalex Co-Investment, LLC(2) 

89,976 

89,976 

9.0 

Directors and Named Executive
 Officers: 

Timothy R.J. Stubbs 

898 

898 

Michael Alger 

674 

674 

Dale R. Tabinowski 

Clarence E. Terry 

F. Dixon McElwee Jr. 

M. Steven Liff 

All Directors and
 Executive Officers as a group (6 persons)(1) 

1,572 

1,572 

Denotes less than one percent. 

 (1) Includes 904,061 shares which may be
deemed beneficially owned within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the
Exchange Act by Marc J. Leder and Rodger R. Krouse and also by Sun Indalex,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Sun Indalex ), Sun Capital Partners
IV, LP, a Delaware limited partnership Fund IV ), Sun Capital Partners III,
LP, a Delaware limited partnership Fund III ), Sun Capital Partners III QP,
LP, a Delaware limited partnership Fund III QP ), Sun Capital Advisors IV,
LP, a Delaware limited partnership Advisors IV ), Sun Capital Advisors III,
LP, a Delaware limited partnership Advisors III ), Sun Capital Partners IV,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Partners IV and Sun Capital
Partners III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Partners III ).
Messrs. Leder and Krouse may each be deemed to control Sun Indalex, Fund
IV, Advisors IV and Partners IV,
as Messrs. Leder and Krouse each own 50 of the membership interests in
Partners IV, which in turn is the general partner of Advisors IV, which in turn
is the general partner of Fund IV, which in turn owns 50 of the membership
interests of Sun Indalex. Messrs. Leder and Krouse may also each be
deemed to control Sun Indalex, Fund III, Fund III QP, Advisors III and Partners
III, as Messrs. Leder and Krouse each own 50 of the membership interests
in Partners III, which in turn is the general partner of Advisors III, which in
turn is the general partner of Fund III and Fund III QP, which in turn own,
collectively, 50 of the membership interests of Sun Indalex. Fund IV, Fund
III, Fund III QP, Advisors IV, Advisors III, Partners IV, Partners III, Sun
Indalex and Messrs. Leder and Krouse have shared voting and investment
power over these shares. Except as to such shared voting power, Fund IV, Fund
III, Fund III QP, Advisors IV, Advisors III, Partners IV, Partners III,
Sun Indalex and Messrs. Leder and Krouse disclaim beneficial ownership of
these shares. The address of Sun Indalex, LLC and Messrs. Leder and Krouse
is 5200 Town Center Circle, Suite 470, Boca Raton, FL 33486. 

 (2) The address of Indalex Co-Investment, LLC
is c/o Goldman Sachs Distressed Opportunities Fund III, L.P. c/o
Corporation Service Company, 2711 Centerville Road, Wilmington, Delaware 19808. 

84 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Number of 
 securities to be 
 issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options, warrants 
 and rights 
 (a) 

Weighted- 
 average exercise 
 price of 
 outstanding 
 options, warrants 
 and rights 
 (b) 

Number of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation 
 plans (excluding 
 securities reflected 
 in column (a)) 
 (c) 

Plan
 Category 

Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 

70,000 

111.25 

30,000 

Total 

70,000 

30,000 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 Relationship with
Novar plc and Honeywell International, Inc. 

 Prior to the Transactions, Indalex Inc. was a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Honeywell International, Inc. and Indalex
Limited was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Novar Overseas Holdings, B.V. On
March 31, 2005, Honeywell International, Inc. acquired Novar plc, or Novar, 
our former parent company. When we were a subsidiary of Novar, we received
financing support and technical and administrative advice and services from
Novar. We made payments to Honeywell and Novar of 2.9 million,
 2.8 million and 1.1 million during the years ended December 31,
2003, 2004 and 2005, respectively. For more information regarding our
transactions with Novar, see our audited combined financial statements
appearing elsewhere in this report. 

 In connection with the
Holdings Acquisition, we entered into a stock purchase agreement, registration
agreement, management services agreement and stockholders agreement, all as
further described below. 

 Payments in
Connection with Honeywell Acquisition 

 In
connection with the Honeywell Acquisition, Messrs. Stubbs, Alger and Nies
exercised their options to purchase common stock of Novar plc and received cash
upon exercise of such options. The following table sets forth the payments made
to Messrs. Stubbs, Alger and Nies in connection with the shares of common
stock of Novar plc received upon exercise of options. 

Cash received for 
 shares acquired upon 
 options exercise 

Timothy R.J. Stubbs 

523,719 

Michael Alger 

520,699 

Jerry W. Nies 

50,319 

Payments in
Connection with the Holdings Acquisition 

 In
connection with the Holdings Acquisition of Indalex by affiliates of Sun
Capital, Messrs. Stubbs, Alger and Singleton received a divestiture
incentive payment from Honeywell. The bonus was paid shortly after the
completion of the Holdings Acquisition and was based upon, amongst other
criteria, the final 

85 

purchase price received by Honeywell. The following
table sets forth the payments received related to the Holdings Acquisition. 

Cash received upon 
 Completion of the 
 Holdings Acquisition 

Timothy R.J.
 Stubbs 

382,536 

Michael Alger 

318,780 

James Daniel Singleton
 Jr.(1) 

45,120 

(1) As
of January 4, 2006, Mr. Singleton is no longer employed by Indalex. 

 Stock Purchase
Agreement 

 On February 2, 2006, Indalex Holding Corp.
acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of Indalex Inc. and Indalex
Limited, subsidiaries of Honeywell International Inc., for a total
purchase price of approximately 419.1 million in cash 425.0 million less a 5.9 million post-closing working
capital adjustment) (the Holdings Acquisition ). Indalex Holding Corp. is a
holding company that is a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Holdings,
which is beneficially owned by affiliates of Sun Capital Partners, Inc.,
or the equity sponsor, and certain other investors and members of our
management team, whom we collectively refer to as the equity investors. 
Pursuant to a letter agreement dated December 21, 2005 among the parties
to the stock purchase agreement, it was agreed that the shares of Indalex Inc.
would be distributed to Honeywell prior to the agreed-upon dissolution of
Novar USA Holdings Inc. and that, upon such distribution, Honeywell would
be substituted for Novar USA Holdings Inc. for all purposes under the
stock purchase agreement. The distribution of the shares of Indalex Inc.
to Honeywell and the subsequent dissolution of Novar USA Holdings Inc.
were effected prior to the closing of the Holdings Acquisition. The Issuer is a
holding company beneficially owned by affiliates of Sun Capital Partners, Inc.,
certain other investors and certain members of our management team. 

 The stock purchase
agreement contains customary indemnification provisions. Honeywell s
indemnification obligations for breaches of representations and warranties are,
subject to exceptions as specified in the stock purchase agreement, triggered
if the aggregate losses associated with such breaches exceed
 4.25 million, and Honeywell will be liable only to the extent the losses
exceed 2.5 million up to a limit of 100 million. Our
indemnification obligations for breaches of representations and warranties are,
subject to exceptions as specified in the stock purchase agreement, capped at
 100 million. The representations and warranties in the stock purchase
agreement generally survive for 18 months following the closing date,
subject to exceptions as specified in the stock purchase agreement. 

 Registration
Agreement 

 Holdings, the management
investors and the other stockholders of Holdings, including Sun
Indalex, LLC, entered into a registration agreement in connection with the
consummation of the Holdings Acquisition. Pursuant to the registration agreement,
Sun Indalex, LLC, the management investors and the other investors will have
piggyback registration rights, under certain circumstances, in the event
Holdings registers any of its securities under the Securities Act. Furthermore,
Sun Indalex, LLC has the right, under certain circumstances, to request
registration under the Securities Act of all or any portion of its securities
in Holdings. The management investors and the other investors may, subject to
certain exceptions, participate in any such registration requested by Sun
Indalex, LLC. 

 Management Services
Agreement 

 We entered into a management services agreement with
Sun Capital Partners Management III, LP, which we refer to as Sun Management, 
in connection with the consummation of the Holdings 

86 

Acquisition. Pursuant to
the management services agreement, Sun Management will provide financial and
management consulting services in exchange for an annual fee, payable in
quarterly installments, equal to the greater of (a) 1 million and (b) 2 
of our EBITDA (as defined in the management services agreement) for a given
fiscal year. We will also reimburse Sun Management for all reasonable
out-of-pocket fees and expenses it incurs in performing financial and
management consulting services under the management services agreement. During
the period from February 2, 2006 through December 31, 2006, we
incurred expenses of 1.6 million in management fees payable to Sun
Management. 

 In addition to an annual fee, Sun Management will
receive a management consulting fee equal to 1 of the consideration paid to or
by us in connection with certain corporate transactions, including, without
limitation, any refinancings, restructurings, equity or debt offerings,
acquisitions, mergers, consolidations, business combinations, and sales and
divestitures involving us. 

 In connection with the
Holdings Acquisition, affiliates of Sun Capital Partners, Inc. received
 5.5 million in acquisition fees, including a fee of 5.1 million for
services associated with evaluation, negotiation, financing, and structuring of
the acquisition of Indalex Holdings Finance. The remaining 0.4 million
was a closing fee related to the 15 million of notes purchased by Sun
Capital Securities Offshore fund, LTD. 

 Stockholders 
Agreement 

 Holdings, the management
investors and the other stockholders of Holdings, including Sun
Indalex, LLC, entered into a stockholders agreement in connection with
the consummation of the Holdings Acquisition. The stockholders agreement
includes the following terms: 

 transfer
restrictions, subject to customary exceptions for transfers permitted by the
registration agreement, transfers to other stockholders of Holdings, transfers
to affiliates and, in the case of individual stockholders, transfers to a
family member of a stockholder or a trust for the sole benefit of a stockholder
or a stockholder s family member, which transfers we will collectively refer to
herein as exempt transfers 

 rights
of first refusal in favor of Holdings and, if not exercised by Holdings, Sun
Indalex, LLC; 

 tag
along rights in the event of a transfer by Sun Indalex, LLC of shares of
common stock of Holdings, subject to exceptions for exempt transfers and one or
more transfers by Sun Indalex, LLC involving in the aggregate less than 10 of
the shares of common stock of Holdings owned by Sun Indalex, LLC as of the date
of the Holdings Acquisition; 

 drag
along rights in the event Sun Indalex, LLC or the board of directors of
Holdings approves a sale of Holdings; 

 preemptive
rights with respect to an offering of securities by Holdings, subject to
customary exceptions; and 

 a
voting proxy granted to Sun Indalex, LLC by all stockholders of Holdings in
respect of all matters in which Holdings stockholders are entitled to vote. 

 Purchase of Notes
by Sun Capital Securities Offshore Fund, Ltd. 

 Sun Capital Securities
Offshore Fund, Ltd., an affiliate of Sun Capital, purchased
 15.0 million of notes in the offering of the notes at a price equal to
the price set forth on the cover. In connection with the Transactions, we paid
a closing fee to Sun Capital Securities Offshore Fund, Ltd. in the amount of
 375,000. On July 18, 2006, Sun Capital Securities Offshore Fund, Ltd.
sold the 15.0 million of notes to unaffiliated purchasers. 

87 

Policies and
Procedures for Related Party Transactions 

 As a private company, our
board of directors generally reviews our related party transactions, although
we have not historically had formal policies and procedures regarding the
review and approval of related party transactions. 

 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

 The
following table presents fees for services provided by Crowe Chizek and Company
LLC for fiscal year 2006. All Audit-Related Fees, Tax Fees and Other Fees shown
below were pre-approved by the Board of Directors in accordance with its
established procedures. 

(In thousands) 

2006 

Audit Fees(a) 

793.6 

Audit-Related
 Fees(b) 

4.8 

Tax Fees(c) 

211.6 

All Other Fees 

597.4 

Total 

1,607.4 

The following
table presents fees for services provided by Crowe Chizek and Company LLC for
fiscal year 2005. All Audit-Related Fees, Tax Fees and Other Fees shown below
were pre-approved by the Board of Directors in accordance with its established
procedures. 

(In thousands) 

2005 

Audit Fees(a) 

735.3 

Audit-Related
 Fees(b) 

Tax Fees(c) 

All Other Fees(d) 

881.2 

Total 

1,616.5 

(a) Fees
for professional services provided for the audit of the Company s annual
financial statements. 

 (b) Fees
for professional services which principally include services in connection with
internal control matters and audits of employee benefit plans. 

 (c) Fees
for professional services for tax related advice and compliance. 

 (d) All
other fees include fees for professional services for accounting consultations
on matters addressed during the audit or interim reviews, offering memorandums
and registration statements including comfort letters and consent. 

 During 2004, Indalex was a
wholly owned consolidated subsidiary of Novar plc, and audit, audit-related and
tax fees charged to Novar plc included services provided by Deloitte 
Touche LLP to Indalex. Allocation of those fees to Indalex is not meaningful
and therefore has not been presented. 

88 

PART IV 

 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

 (a)(1) Financial
Statements: 

 (a)(2) Financial
Statement Schedules: 

 SCHEDULE I VALUATION AND QUALIFYING
ACCOUNTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2006, 2005 AND 2004 

 Allowance for doubtful accounts: 

Balance December
 31, 2003 

4,097 

Provisions charged to income 

2,695 

Deductions from reserves 

(1,309 

Ending Balance
 December 31, 2004 

5,483 

Provisions charged to income 

829 

Deductions from reserves 

(435 

Ending Balance
 March 31, 2005 

5,877 

Provisions charged to
 income 

294 

Deductions from reserves 

(1,931 

Ending Balance
 December 31, 2005 

4,240 

Provisions charged to income 

215 

Deductions from reserves 

Ending Balance
 February 1, 2006 

4,455 

Provisions charged to income 

466 

Deductions from reserves 

(459 

Ending Balance December
 31, 2006 

4,462 

Deductions from reserves include uncollectible
accounts written off, recoveries, and translation adjustments. 

89 

(a)(3) Exhibits 

 EXHIBIT
INDEX 

EXHIBIT 
 NO. 

DESCRIPTION 

2.1 

Stock Purchase Agreement, dated September 16,
 2005, among Indalex Holding Corp., Novar USA Holdings Inc., Novar
 Overseas Holdings B.V. and Honeywell International Inc. (incorporated by
 reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4,
 Registration No. 333-138178, filed on October 24, 2006). 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
 Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc. (the Company (incorporated by
 reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4,
 Registration No. 333-138178, filed on October 24, 2006). 

3.2 

By-laws of Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc.
 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4,
 Registration No. 333-138178, filed on October 24, 2006). 

4.1 

Indenture, dated as of February 2, 2006, among
 Indalex Holding Corp., the note guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank
 National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 333-138178,
 filed on October 24, 2006). 

4.2 

Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated February 2, 2006, among Indalex Holding Corp.,
 the note guarantors named therein and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.,
 on behalf of itself and as representative of Harris Nesbitt Corp., Credit
 Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Piper Jaffray Co. and Morgan
 Joseph Co. Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 333-138178,
 filed on October 24, 2006). 

4.3 

Form of Senior
 Note (attached as exhibit to Exhibit 4.1) (incorporated by reference to
 the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 333-138178,
 filed on October 24, 2006). 

4.4 

Security
 Agreement, dated February 2, 2006, among Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc.,
 Indalex Holding Corp., the Subsidiary Parties defined therein and
 U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Amendment
 No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4,
 Registration No. 333-138178, filed on December 15, 2006). 

4.5 

Intercreditor
 Agreement, dated February 2, 2006, among JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.,
 U.S. Bank National Association, Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc., and
 each Subsidiary listed on Schedule I attached thereto (incorporated by
 reference to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on
 Form S-4, Registration No. 333-138178, filed on
 December 15, 2006). 

10.1 

Credit Agreement,
 dated as of February 2, 2006, among Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc.,
 Indalex Holding Corp., 6461948 CANADA INC., the other subsidiaries of
 Indalex Holding Corp. party thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan
 Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to the
 Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 333-138178,
 filed on October 24, 2006). 

10.2 

Management
 Services Agreement, dated as of February 2, 2006, by and among Indalex
 Holding Corp., Indalex Limited and Sun Capital Partners Management III,
 LP (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4,
 Registration No. 333-138178, filed on October 24, 2006). 

90 

10.3 

Stockholders
 Agreement, dated as of February 2, 2006, by and among Sun Indalex, LLC,
 each person whose name appears on the signature page thereto under the
 heading Minority Stockholders or who otherwise becomes a party thereto and
 Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc (incorporated by reference to the
 Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 333-138178,
 filed on October 24, 2006). 

10.4 

Registration
 Agreement, dated as of February 2, 2006, by and among Indalex Holdings
 Finance, Inc., Sun Indalex, LLC and each person whose name appears on the
 signature pages attached thereto or who otherwise becomes a party thereto
 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4,
 Registration No. 333-138178, filed on October 24, 2006). 

10.5 

Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 2, 2006, by and between Indalex
 Holdings Finance, Inc. and Sun Indalex, LLC (incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4, Registration
 No. 333-138178, filed on October 24, 2006). 

10.6 

Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 2, 2006, by and among Indalex
 Holdings Finance, Inc. and each person whose name appears on the
 signature page thereto under the heading Purchasers (incorporated by
 reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4,
 Registration No. 333-138178, filed on October 24, 2006). 

10.7 

Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 8, 2006, by and among Indalex
 Holdings Finance, Inc., Indalex Co-Investment, LLC and each person whose
 name appears on the signature page thereto under the heading Sellers 
 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4,
 Registration No. 333-138178, filed on October 24, 2006). 

10.8 

Indalex Holdings
 Finance, Inc. 2006 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to the
 Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 333-138178,
 filed on October 24, 2006). 

10.9 

Form of Stock
 Option Grant Agreement for Timothy R.J. Stubbs and Michael E. Alger
 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4,
 Registration No. 333-138178, filed on October 24, 2006). 

10.10 

Form of Stock
 Option Grant Agreement for other employees (incorporated by reference to the
 Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 333-138178,
 filed on October 24, 2006). 

10.11 

Indalex Holdings
 Finance, Inc. 2006 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by
 reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4,
 Registration No. 333-138178, filed on October 24, 2006). 

10.12 

Letter Agreement,
 dated May 31, 2006, between Timothy Stubbs and Indalex Holdings
 Finance, Inc (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 333-138178,
 filed on October 24, 2006). 

10.13 

Letter Agreement,
 dated May 31, 2006, between Michael Alger and Indalex Holdings
 Finance, Inc (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 333-138178,
 filed on October 24, 2006). 

91 

10.14 

Termination
 Agreement, dated July 12, 2005, between Jerry Nies and Indalex Inc.
 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4,
 Registration No. 333-138178, filed on October 24, 2006). 

10.15 

Letter Agreement,
 dated September 11, 2006, between Charles Ulik and Indalex Holding Corp
 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4,
 Registration No. 333-138178, filed on October 24, 2006). 

10.16 

Letter Agreement,
 dated May 8, 2006, among Sun Indalex, LLC, Indalex Co-Investment, LLC and
 Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 333-138178,
 filed on October 24, 2006). 

10.17 

Shareholders
 Agreement, dated June 8, 2001, between Global Applied Technologies
 Holdings Limited (now known as Asia Aluminum Holdings Limited), Indalex UK
 Limited, Indalex, Inc., and China Aluminum Group Holdings (BVI) Limited (now
 known as Asia Aluminum Group Limited) (English Translation) (incorporated by
 reference to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on
 Form S-4, Registration No. 333-138178, filed on
 December 15, 2006). 

10.18 

Stock Purchase
 Agreement, dated April 25, 2001, between Indalex UK Limited, Global
 Applied Technologies Holdings Limited (now known as Asia Aluminum Holdings
 Limited) and Indalex, Inc. (English Translation) (incorporated by reference
 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4,
 Registration No. 333-138178, filed on December 15, 2006). 

10.19 

Supply Agreement,
 dated April 29, 2004, between Indalex, Inc. and Asia Aluminum Group
 Limited (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 333-138178,
 filed on December 15, 2006). 

10.20 

Letter Agreement,
 dated September 11, 2006, between Dale Tabinowski and Indalex
 Holding Corp (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the
 Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 333-138178,
 filed on January 17, 2007). 

10.21 

2006 Company
 Bonus Program (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the
 Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 333-138178,
 filed on January 17, 2007). 

10.22 

2006 Bonus Plan
 for Timothy R.J. Stubbs and Michael E. Alger (incorporated by
 reference Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on
 Form S-4, Registration No. 333-138178, filed on January 17,
 2007). 

12.1 

Computation of
 ratio of earnings to fixed charges. 

14.1 

Code of Ethics. 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of
 Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the
 Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 333-138178,
 filed on October 24, 2006). 

31.1 

Certification of
 Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a)
 of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

31.2 

Certification of
 Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a)
 of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

92 

32.1 

Certification of
 Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
 pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99.1 

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
 Data. 

93 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Lincolnshire, State
of Illinois, on April 2, 2007. 

INDALEX HOLDINGS
 FINANCE, INC. 

By: 

/s/ TIMOTHY R.J.
 STUBBS 

Name: 

Timothy R.J. Stubbs 

Title: 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has
been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates
indicated on April 2, 2007. 

Signature 

Title 

/s/ TIMOTHY R.J. STUBBS 

President, Chief Executive Officer 

Timothy R.J. Stubbs 

(principal
 executive officer) and Director 

/s/ MICHAEL E. ALGER 

Executive Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer, 

Michael E. Alger 

Chief
 Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) and Director 

/s/ CLARENCE E. TERRY 

Director 

Clarence E. Terry 

/s/ F. DIXON MCELWEE JR. 

Director 

F. Dixon McElwee Jr. 

Director 

M. Steven Liff 

94 

Index
to Financial Statements 

Indalex Audited Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

Report of Crowe Chizek and Company LLC, independent
 registered public accounting firm 

F-2 

Audited consolidated
 and combined balance sheets as of December 31, 2006, and 2005 

F-4 

Audited consolidated and combined statements of income
 for the periods January 1, 2006 to February 1, 2006,
 February 2, 2006 to December 31, 2006, January 1, 2005 to
 March 31, 2005 and April 1, 2005 to December 31, 2005 and for
 the year ended December 31, 2004 

F-5 

Audited consolidated and combined statements of cash
 flows for the periods January 1, 2006 to February 1, 2006,
 February 2, 2006 to December 31, 2006, January 1, 2005 to
 March 31, 2005 and April 1, 2005 to December 31, 2005 and for
 the year ended December 31, 2004 

F-6 

Audited consolidated
 and combined statements of stockholders equity for the periods
 January 1, 2006 to February 1, 2006, February 2, 2006 to
 December 31, 2006, January 1, 2005 to March 31, 2005 and
 April 1, 2005 to December 31, 2005 and for the year ended
 December 31, 2004 

F-7 

Notes to consolidated and combined financial
 statements 

F-10 

Asia
 Aluminum Group Audited Financial Statements 

Consolidated income statements for the years ended
 June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

F-63 

Consolidated balance sheets as of June 30, 2006
 and 2005 

F-64 

Consolidated statements of changes in equity for the
 years ended June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

F-65 

Consolidated cash flow statements for the years ended
 June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

F-67 

Notes to financial statements 

F-69 

F-1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 Stockholders
and Board of Directors of 
Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc. 
Lincolnshire, Illinois 

 We have audited the
accompanying consolidated and combined balance sheets of Indalex Holdings
Finance, Inc. (Successor), and prior to February 2, 2006, a
Combination of Indirect Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of Honeywell International, Inc.
(Predecessor 2), and prior to April 1, 2005, a Combination of
Indirect Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of Novar plc (Predecessor 1),
collectively referred to as Indalex or the Company, as of December 31,
2006 and 2005 and the related consolidated and combined statements of income,
stockholders equity, and cash flows for the periods from January 1, 2006
to February 1, 2006 (Predecessor 2), from February 2, 2006 to
December 31, 2006 (Successor), from January 1, 2005 to March 31,
2005 (Predecessor 1), from April 1, 2005 to December 31, 2005
(Predecessor 2), and for the year ended December 31, 2004
(Predecessor 1). In connection with our audits of the consolidated and
combined financial statements, we also audited the consolidated and combined
financial statement schedule listed in Item 15. These consolidated and
combined financial statements and the consolidated and combined financial
statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated and combined
financial statements and the consolidated and combined financial statement
schedule based on our audits. 

 We did not audit the financial
statements of Asia Aluminum Group AAG in which Indalex has an investment
that is accounted for by the equity method. The accompanying financial
statements of Indalex include its investment in the net assets of AAG totaling
approximately 96,950,000 and 94,380,000 as of December 31, 2006 and
2005, respectively, and its equity method income from AAG totaling
approximately 643,000, 11,841,000, 1,557,000, 9,380,000 and 14,807,000 for
the periods from January 1, 2006 to February 1, 2006 (Predecessor 2),
from February 2, 2006 to December 31, 2006 (Successor), from January 1,
2005 to March 31, 2005 (Predecessor 1), from April 1, 2005 to
December 31, 2005 (Predecessor 2), and for the year ended December 31,
2004 (Predecessor 1), respectively. The financial statements of AAG for
each of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004, prepared on
the basis of accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong, were
audited by other auditors whose report has been furnished to us, and our audit
report, insofar as it relates to the amounts included for AAG, is based on the
reports of such other auditors and the procedures we considered necessary in
the circumstances with respect to the inclusion of Indalex s equity investment
and equity method income in the accompanying financial statements, taking into
consideration differences between accounting principles generally accepted in
Hong Kong and those generally accepted in the United States of America and the
differences in the fiscal year. 

 We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits and the report of the other auditors provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 In our opinion, based upon our
audits and the report of other auditors, the financial statements referred to
above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc. as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for the periods from January 1,
2006 to February 1, 2006 (Predecessor 2), from February 2, 2006
to December 31, 2006 (Successor), from January 1, 2005 to March 31,
2005 (Predecessor 1), from April 1, 2005 to December 31, 2005
(Predecessor 2), and for the year ended December 31, 2004
(Predecessor 1) in 

F-2 

conformity
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the
related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic
consolidated and combined financial statements taken as a whole, presents
fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. 

 As discussed in Notes 2 and 22 to the consolidated and combined
financial statements, effective January 1, 2006, the Company adopted the
fair value method of accounting for stock-based compensation as required by
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment . 

 As discussed in Notes 2 and 18 to the consolidated and
combined financial statements, effective December 31, 2006, the Company
adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 158, Employers Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other
Post-Retirement Plans. 

/s/ Crowe Chizek and Company LLC 

Oak Brook, Illinois 

March 29, 2007 

F-3 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED BALANCE SHEETS 
December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2005 
(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 
 2006 

December 31, 
 2005 

(Successor) 

(Predecessor 2) 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

11,157 

9,366 

Accounts receivable, less
 allowance of 4,462 in 2006 and 4,240 in 2005 

103,924 

113,798 

Receivable from
 affiliates 

3,109 

Receivable from suppliers 

8,980 

7,873 

Refundable income taxes 

243 

Inventories 

67,182 

58,350 

Prepaid expenses and
 other current assets 

10,765 

17,543 

Deferred income tax 

347 

Total current assets 

202,008 

210,629 

Notes receivable
 from affiliates 

4,279 

Investment in AAG 

96,950 

94,380 

Property, plant,
 and equipment, net 

199,638 

219,357 

Goodwill. 

3,537 

14,626 

Other intangibles,
 net 

78,264 

74,718 

Deferred financing
 costs 

14,594 

Other assets 

2,692 

403 

Total assets 

597,683 

618,392 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

66,780 

65,763 

Payable to affiliates 

429 

Income taxes payable 

2,648 

Deferred income taxes 

2,456 

Accrued expenses and
 other current liabilities 

38,478 

45,372 

Accrued interest 

13,806 

Capital lease obligation 

1,243 

726 

Checks issued in excess
 of bank balance 

1,716 

Revolver borrowings. 

55,717 

Total current liabilities 

181,128 

114,006 

Other liabilities 

30,667 

53,940 

Capital lease
 obligation 

4,674 

3,143 

Long-term debt 

266,957 

Deferred income
 taxes 

24,859 

24,197 

Total liabilities 

508,285 

195,286 

Commitments and
 contingencies (Note 20) 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock .001 par
 value per share). Authorized shares 2,900,000. 
 Issued and oustanding 1,000,114 

1 

391 

Additional paid-in
 capital. 

110,665 

411,515 

Treasury stock, 90 shares
 at 111.11 per share 

(10 

Accumulated retained
 earnings (deficit) 

(23,898 

9,712 

Accumulated other
 comprehensive income 

2,640 

1,488 

Total stockholders 
 equity 

89,398 

423,106 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

597,683 

618,392 

See accompanying notes to consolidated and combined financial statements. F-4 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
Years ended December 31, 2006, 
December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 
(Dollars in thousands) 

Years ended 

Year ended 

December 31, 2006 

December 31, 2005 

January 1- 

February 2- 

January 1- 

April 1- 

February 1 

December 31 

March 31 

December 31 

Dec 31, 2004 

(Predecessor 2) 

(Successor) 

(Predecessor 1) 

(Predecessor 2) 

(Predecessor 1) 

Net
 sales 

100,019 

1,142,842 

239,849 

781,521 

932,696 

Costs
 and expenses: 

Cost of sales 

95,127 

1,058,677 

221,542 

727,799 

854,386 

Selling, general, and administrative 

5,548 

54,966 

15,593 

35,933 

52,619 

Management fees to affiliates 

125 

1,634 

700 

1,131 

2,771 

Amortization of intangible assets 

920 

10,736 

8,282 

Other (income) expense 

195 

1,016 

993 

(825 

2,298 

Restructuring charges 

1,772 

694 

(222 

6,086 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

7,248 

381 

636 

2,728 

(Gain) loss on disposal of assets 

255 

(274 

(146 

(675 

Mark-to-market on derivatives 

(3,619 

7,560 

285 

(1,200 

(3,638 

Total costs and expenses 

98,296 

1,143,864 

239,914 

771,388 

916,575 

Income (loss) from operations. 

1,723 

(1,022 

(65 

10,133 

16,121 

Other income (expense): 

Interest to affiliates, net 

(1,208 

(3,712 

(8,637 

External interest expense 

(24 

(35,745 

(333 

(132 

Deferred financing costs 

(2,220 

Interest income 

144 

182 

Income from equity method investment in AAG 

643 

11,841 

1,557 

9,380 

14,807 

Affiliated acquisition fees 

(5,475 

Dividend income from affiliates 

9,077 

15,102 

Income (loss)
 before income taxes 

2,342 

(32,621 

9,361 

15,612 

37,443 

Income tax
 provision (benefit) 

703 

(8,723 

9 

1,912 

(5,808 

Income (loss) from
 continuing operations 

1,639 

(23,898 

9,352 

13,700 

43,251 

Discontinued
 operations, net of tax provision (benefit) of , , 27), , and 339 for
 January 1 to February 1, 2006, February 2 to December 31,
 2006, January 1 to March 31, 2005, April 1 to December 31,
 2005, and 2004, respectively 

(50 

1,126 

Net
 income (loss) 

1,639 

(23,898 

9,302 

13,700 

44,377 

See accompanying notes to consolidated and combined financial statements. F-5 

INDALEX
HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31,
2004 
(Dollars in thousands) 

Years ended 

Year ended 

December 31, 2006 

December 31, 2005 

January 1- 

February 2- 

January 1- 

April 1- 

December 31, 

February 1 

December 31 

March 31 

December 31 

2004 

(Predecessor 2) 

(Successor) 

(Predecessor 1) 

(Predecessor 2) 

(Predecessor 1) 

Cash flows from operating
 activities 

Net income (loss) 

1,639 

(23,898 

9,302 

13,700 

44,377 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net income (loss) to net cash from operating activities: 

Depreciation 

2,821 

32,327 

7,953 

24,943 

32,689 

Amortization of intangible assets 

920 

10,736 

8,282 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

2,220 

Amortization of bond discount 

394 

(Gain) loss on disposal of assets 

255 

(274 

(146 

(675 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

7,248 

381 

636 

2,728 

Dividend from affiliate 

(9,077 

Other 

743 

21 

245 

30 

Income from equity method investment in AAG 

(643 

(11,841 

(1,557 

(9,380 

(14,807 

Dividends from equity method investment in AAG 

4,891 

4,602 

Stock-based compensation 

938 

1,244 

2,229 

Executive compensation 

311 

Management fees to affiliates 

125 

700 

Deferred income taxes 

988 

(11,329 

(218 

(6,201 

(1,723 

Changes in
 operating assets and liabilities, net of the effect of the acquisition: 

Accounts receivable 

(12,255 

18,492 

(25,297 

21,076 

(30,624 

Receivable from affiliates 

1,854 

(183 

(2,338 

143 

Inventories 

(2,652 

3,001 

(14,704 

29,397 

(8,008 

Prepaids and other assets 

(3,684 

7,000 

2,138 

(6,086 

2,255 

Income taxes payable/refundable 

(292 

2,383 

(10,154 

3,876 

(1,177 

Checks issued in excess of bank balance 

(242 

(1,260 

1,716 

Accounts payable 

(6,586 

8,059 

2,422 

(8,268 

16,493 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

19,798 

(18,349 

1,433 

(12,914 

3,942 

Payable to affiliates 

812 

(465 

(261 

617 

Net cash from discontinued operations 

(1,126 

Net cash from operating activities 

3,346 

31,288 

(31,198 

58,032 

47,363 

Cash flows from investing
 activities 

Capital expenditures 

(3,006 

(21,277 

(8,770 

(20,228 

(33,275 

Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment 

2,244 

738 

2,039 

165 

Proceeds from sale of business 

4,548 

Cash paid for acquisition 

(418,256 

Payment of acquisition transaction cost 

(1,735 

Redemption of investment in affiliates 

32,872 

Proceeds from sales of discontinued operations 

1,111 

Net cash from investing activities 

(3,006 

(434,476 

(8,032 

(18,189 

873 

Cash flows from financing
 activities 

Dividends and distributions 

(6,809 

(1,522 

(25,759 

(8,000 

Payments on capital lease obligation 

(58 

(1,033 

(58 

Revolver payments, net. 

(13,122 

Debt payments 

(6,000 

Repurchases of common stock 

(10 

Net (payments to) collections from affiliates on
 notes 

(1,620 

30,596 

(14,663 

(139,916 

Revolver borrowings, acquisition. 

68,839 

Borrowings on long-term debt, acquisition. 

266,563 

Capital contributions 

111,250 

151,500 

Capital redemptions 

(40,612 

Debt issuance costs 

(16,814 

Net cash from financing activities 

(8,487 

414,151 

30,596 

(46,480 

(37,028 

Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash 

(27 

194 

2,887 

(1,772 

(6,236 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

(8,174 

11,157 

(5,747 

(8,409 

4,972 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Beginning of period 

9,366 

23,522 

17,775 

18,550 

End of period 

1,192 

11,157 

17,775 

9,366 

23,522 

Supplemental cash flow
 information: 

Cash paid for interest 

18 

21,939 

1,191 

2,901 

9,009 

Cash paid for income taxes (refunds received) 

(62 

10,401 

4,888 

(3,631 

Transfer of business to affiliate 

34,559 

Supplemental disclosure
 of non cash investing and financing activities: 

Property and equipment acquired under a capital lease 

3,198 

3,724 

Redemption of investment in preferred shares 

161,214 

Settlement of affiliate loan 

30,423 

Settlement dividend to affiliate 

139,868 

Supplemental disclosure
 of acquisition of a business: 

Fair value of assets acquired 

627,568 

Fair value of liabilities assumed 

209,312 

Cash paid for
 acquisition 

418,256 

See accompanying notes to consolidated and combined financial statements. F-6 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
Years ended December 31, 2006, 
December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 
(Dollars in thousands) 

Accumulated 

Accumulated 

Other 

Other 

Additional 

Retained 

Unearned 

Comprehensive 

Comprehensive 

Common 

Paid-in 

Earnings 

Deferred 

Income 

Income 

Stock 

Capital 

(Deficit) 

Compensation 

(Loss) 

Total 

(Loss) 

Predecessor 1 balance, December 31, 2003 

41,003 

380,116 

10,232 

(589 

8,361 

439,123 

Dividends paid 

(8,000 

(8,000 

Transfer of business affiliate 

(34,559 

(34,559 

Capital contributions 

151,500 

151,500 

Capital redemption 

(40,612 

(40,612 

Net income 

44,377 

44,377 

44,377 

Stock-based compensation 

2,830 

(655 

2,175 

Translation adjustment 

8,684 

8,684 

8,684 

Minimum liability adjustment related to defined
 benefit plan (net of tax benefit of 472) 

(836 

(836 

(836 

Total comprehensive income 

52,225 

Predecessor
 1 balance, December 31, 2004 

391 

534,446 

12,050 

(1,244 

16,209 

561,852 

See accompanying notes to consolidated and combined financial statements. F-7 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

Accumulated 

Accumulated 

Other 

Other 

Additional 

Retained 

Unearned 

Comprehensive 

Comprehensive 

Common 

Paid-in 

Earnings 

Deferred 

Income 

Income 

Stock 

Capital 

(Deficit) 

Compensation 

(Loss) 

Total 

(Loss) 

Predecessor 1 balance, January 1, 2005 

391 

534,446 

12,050 

(1,244 

16,209 

561,852 

Dividends and distributions 

(118,516 

(21,352 

(139,868 

Net income 

9,302 

9,302 

9,302 

Stock-based compensation 

1,244 

1,244 

Executive compensation 

311 

311 

Management fees to affiliates 

700 

700 

Translation adjustment 

(2,040 

(2,040 

(2,040 

Total comprehensive income 

7,262 

Predecessor 1 Balance March 31, 2005 

391 

416,941 

14,169 

431,501 

Predecessor 2 balance, April 1, 2005 

391 

433,286 

433,677 

Dividends and distributions 

(21,771 

(3,988 

(25,759 

Net income 

13,700 

13,700 

13,700 

Translation adjustment 

2,110 

2,110 

2,110 

Minimum liability adjustment related to defined
 benefit plan (net of tax benefit of 335) 

(622 

(622 

(622 

Total comprehensive income 

15,188 

Predecessor
 2 balance, December 31, 2005 

391 

411,515 

9,712 

1,488 

423,106 

See accompanying notes to consolidated and combined financial statements. F-8 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

Accumulated 

Accumulated 

Other 

Other 

Additional 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Comprehensive 

Common 

Paid-in 

Earnings 

Treasury 

Income 

Income 

Stock 

Capital 

(Deficit) 

Stock 

(Loss) 

Total 

(Loss) 

Predecessor 2 balance, January 1, 2006 

391 

411,515 

9,712 

1,488 

423,106 

Dividends and distributions 

(12,708 

(12,708 

Divestiture incentive payment 

743 

743 

Net income 

1,639 

1,639 

1,639 

Management fees to affiliates 

125 

125 

Translation adjustment 

(141 

(141 

(141 

Total comprehensive income 

1,498 

Predecessor 2 Balance, February 1, 2006 

391 

399,675 

11,351 

1,347 

412,764 

Successor balance, February 2, 2006 

Dividends and distributions 

(1,522 

(1,522 

Capital contributions 

1 

111,249 

111,250 

Net loss 

(23,898 

(23,898 

(23,898 

Stock-based compensation 

938 

938 

Repurchase of common stock 

(10 

(10 

Translation adjustment 

(66 

(66 

(66 

Adjustment to accrued benefit liability and
 cumulative adjustment for the adoption of SFAS No. 158 related to
 defined benefit plan (net of tax of 1,831) 

2,706 

2,706 

(353 

Total comprehensive loss 

(24,317 

Successor
 balance, December 31, 2006 

1 

110,665 

(23,898 

(10 

2,640 

89,398 

See accompanying notes to consolidated and combined financial statements. F-9 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Years ended December 31, 2006, 
December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 
(Dollars in thousands) 

 NOTE 1 GENERAL 

 On February 2, 2006,
Indalex Holding Corp. acquired (the Indalex Holdings acquisition ), Indalex
Inc. and Indalex Limited, wholly owned subsidiaries of Honeywell International, Inc. Honeywell ). Indalex Holding Corp. is a holding company that is a
wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc.,
(together with its predecessors, the Company which is beneficially owned by
affiliates of Sun Capital Partners, Inc., certain other investors and
members of the Company s management team. Honeywell had previously acquired
(the Honeywell acquisition the former parent company, Novar plc Novar ),
on March 31, 2005. Both the Indalex Holdings and the Honeywell
acquisitions were accounted for under purchase accounting. The financial
statements presented prior to the Honeywell acquisition are referred to as Predecessor 1 ,
and the statements following the Honeywell acquisition and prior to the Indalex
Holdings acquisition are referred to as Predecessor 2. The financial
statements presented after the Indalex Holdings acquisition are referred to as
the Successor Company. Results prepared for each of these periods are not
comparable. 

 NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 The accompanying consolidated and combined financial
statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America and reflect the policies set out
below. 

 Use
of Estimates: The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the combined financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. Significant
estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts, accounts related to
income taxes, liabilities related to pension and other post-retirement
benefits, and the valuation of intangible assets. 

 Revenue
Recognition: The
Company recognizes net sales when the revenue is realized or realizable, and
has been earned, in accordance with the SEC s Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 104,
Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements. 

 The Company recognizes product revenue, net of trade
discounts and allowances, in the reporting period in which the products are
shipped and the title and risk of ownership pass to the customer. 

 The Company records tolling revenue when the revenue is
realized or realizable, and has been earned. Tolling refers to the process by
which certain customers provide metal to the Company for conversion to
extrusions. The Company does not take title to the metal and, after the
shipment of the extrusion to the customer, the Company charges them for the
value-added conversion cost and records these amounts in net sales. 

 Shipping and handling amounts the Company bills to its
customers are included in net sales and the related shipping and handling costs
the Company incurs are included in cost of sales. 

F-10 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 Revenues related to
long-term design contracts for discontinued operations (see Note 24) are
recognized on a percentage-of-completion basis. Full provision is made for
estimated losses on contracts as soon as they are identified. 

 Cash
Equivalents: For purposes of reporting cash
flows, the Company considers all interest-bearing securities having maturities
of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. 

 Accounts
Receivable: Receivables
include trade receivables, notes receivable, and other miscellaneous
receivables from suppliers. The Company generally does not charge interest on
its trade receivables. 

 Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts: The allowance for doubtful accounts is determined by
management based on the Company s historical losses, specific customer
circumstances, and general economic conditions. Periodically, management
reviews accounts receivable and adjusts the allowance based on current
circumstances and charges off uncollectible receivables when all attempts to
collect have failed. 

 Allowances of 4,462 and 4,240 have been provided at December 31,
2006 and December 31, 2005, respectively. 

 Inventories: Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market.
Cost includes labor, materials, and production overhead. The cost of domestic
inventory is determined predominantly using the last-in, first-out LIFO method. The cost of inventory in foreign operations is costed using the
first-in, first out method. 

 Investments
in Affiliates: Investments in affiliates consisted
of nonvoting, cumulative preferred shares of other indirect wholly owned
subsidiaries of Novar plc and were accounted for at cost. The investments were
with affiliated subsidiaries so there was no traded market value for the stock.
At least annually, the Company evaluated whether events and circumstances had
occurred that indicated whether the remaining balance of the investments may
not be recoverable. 

 Investment
in AAG: Investment
in AAG consists of Indalex Limited s investment in AAG, which is accounted for
using the equity method of accounting. 

F-11 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 Property,
Plant, and Equipment: Additions
to property, plant, and equipment, including expenditures which improve or
prolong the useful lives of such assets, are valued at cost. Expenditures for
improvements and betterments are capitalized, and repairs and maintenance are
charged to expense as incurred. Property, plant, and equipment obtained through
acquisitions are stated at their fair values at the date of acquisition.
Depreciation is computed principally on a straight-line basis for financial
reporting purposes. The estimated useful lives for computing depreciation are
as follows: 

Building 

20 - 40 years 

Leasehold
 improvements 

1 - 15 years 

Machinery and
 equipment 

2 - 15 years 

Furniture and
 fixtures 

3 - 10 years 

Vehicles 

3 - 5 years 

Leasehold improvements are amortized on a
straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the improvement or
remaining life of the lease, whichever is shorter. 

 Computer software is capitalized and included in
machinery and equipment for the Company projects that have a significant
long-term benefit. In accordance with Statement of Position 98-1, Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software Developed for Internal
Use , the Company expenses costs incurred in the preliminary project
stage and thereafter capitalizes costs incurred in developing or obtaining
internal use software. Certain costs, such as maintenance and training, are
expensed as incurred. Generally, a three-year life is used for depreciation. 

 The Company capitalizes the costs for tools and dies
and depreciates the costs over two years. 

 Accounting
for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets: The Company accounts for impairment of long-lived
assets in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No. 144,
 Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets . This Statement addresses financial accounting and
reporting for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets. At least
annually, the Company evaluates whether events and circumstances have occurred
that indicate whether the remaining estimated useful lives of its long-lived
assets may warrant revision or whether the remaining balance of such assets may
not be recoverable. 

 Goodwill: In accordance
with SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets , goodwill is reviewed for impairment on an annual
basis or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying
value may not be recoverable. Management believes that goodwill is not impaired
at December 31, 2006. 

 Financial
Instruments: Derivative financial instruments
are used to hedge existing inventory (metals) and anticipated purchases of
aluminum and gas and are, therefore, held for purposes other than trading. These
instruments may involve elements of credit and market risk in excess of the
amounts recognized in the financial statements. The Company monitors its
positions and the credit quality of counterparties, 

F-12 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 consisting
primarily of major financial institutions, and does not anticipate
nonperformance by any counterparty. 

 To manage foreign currency
exposure, the Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts. The
contracts are reported in the consolidated and combined financial statements at
fair value using a mark to market valuation. 

 The Company accounts for financial instruments in
accordance with SFAS No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments
and Hedging Activities, as amended by SFAS No. 138, Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities. The derivatives are marked to
market through the income statement. 

 Stock-Based Compensation: Effective January 1,
2006 the Company adopted SFAS No. 123(R) SFAS 123(R) ). SFAS 123(R) requires the
Company to
record compensation expense for all share-based awards. The Company did not
have share-based awards at the time SFAS 123(R) was adopted. Accordingly,
the Company has recorded stock-based employee compensation cost using the
calculated value method starting in 2006. The Company determined that it is not
practicable for it to reasonably estimate its expected volatility. The Company
reviewed the Dow Jones Industrial Metals Small Cap Index as the appropriate
industry sector index. The Company obtained the historical daily closing return
values of selected indices for the period equal to the expected term ending on
the grant date and calculated the annualized historical volatility of those
values. The indices were weighted evenly. 

 Under the Predecessor 1 company (Novar), the Company
had stock-based employee compensation plans. The Company accounted for
stock-based compensation by applying APB Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees, as
allowed under SFAS No. 123, Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation, under which compensation expense is
recorded to the extent that the market price of the underlying stock (Novar
stock) exceeds the exercise price at the measurement date using the
intrinsic-value method. 

 The fair value of options on their grant date was
measured using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Key assumptions used to
apply this pricing model are as follows: 

2006 

2004 

Risk-free
 interest rate 

4.98 

3.9 

Expected life of
 option grants (in years) 

6.42 

10 

Expected
 volatility of underlying stock 

26.3 

36.3 

Dividend yields 

0.0 

4.8 

See Note 22 for more information
on stock-based compensation. 

 All options existing at
March 31, 2005 were liquidated with the sale of Novar to Honeywell. Under the Predecessor 2 company, no
stock-based compensation plans exist at December 31, 2005. 

 Environmental
Remediation Costs: The Company accrues for costs
associated with environmental remediation obligations when such costs are
probable and reasonably estimable. Costs of future expenditures for
environmental remediation obligations are not discounted to their present
value. 

F-13 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

 NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 Fair
Value of Financial Instruments: The
carrying values of cash, accounts receivable and payable, and accrued expenses
approximate fair value because of the short-term maturities of these assets and
liabilities. The carrying value of intercompany debt and other debt
approximates fair value because of the variable rate nature of the debt. 

 Concentration
of Credit Risk: The Company maintains cash balances at
several financial institutions in excess of the insurance limits provided by
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 

 Foreign
Currency Translation: Assets and liabilities of foreign
entities in the Company s combined financial statements are translated to U.S.
dollars at exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet dates. Revenues and
expenses are translated at the average exchange rates prevailing during the
reporting period. Adjustments from translating foreign currency assets and
liabilities into U.S. dollars are included as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive income. Transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange
rate fluctuations are included in the results of operations, as incurred. 

 Income
Taxes: The Company (excluding Indalex Limited and
subsidiaries) was included in the combined federal income tax return of Novar
USA Inc. through March 31, 2005. From
April 1, 2005 to February 1, 2006, the Company is included in the
federal income tax return of Honeywell. Subsequent to February 1, 2006,
the Company is included in the federal income tax return of Indalex Holdings
Finance, Inc. The respective state corporate income tax returns of
each subsidiary are filed on a separate or combined entity basis as applicable.
Current federal income taxes payable or recoverable is generally determined as
if each subsidiary were filing a separate return and loss companies are
compensated for the benefit derived from the losses utilized. Indalex Limited
and each of its subsidiaries file separate income tax returns. Indalex UK
Limited files separate income tax returns in the United Kingdom. 

 Deferred income taxes are provided for temporary
differences between the tax and book bases of assets and liabilities. 

 Comprehensive
Income (Loss) : Under
SFAS No. 130, Reporting Comprehensive
Income, comprehensive income (loss) for the Company consists of net
income (loss), minimum pension liability adjustments, and cumulative
translation adjustments. 

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements: In June 2006,
the FASB issued FASB Interpretation (FIN) No. 48 Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes-an interpretation of FASB Statement 109.
FIN 48 establishes a single model to address accounting for uncertainty in
tax positions. FIN 48 clarifies the accounting for income taxes by
prescribing a minimum recognition threshold a tax position is required to meet
before being recognized in the financial statements. FIN 48 also provides
guidance on derecognition, measurement, classification, interest and penalties,
accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. FIN 48 is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. The Company
is evaluating the expected impact of adopting this standard. 

 In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS
No. 157, Fair Value Measurements (SFAS No. 157). SFAS No. 157
establishes a common definition for fair value to be applied to US GAAP
requiring use of fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value,
and expands disclosure about such fair value 

F- 14 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 measurements. SFAS
No. 157 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15,
2007. The Company is currently assessing the impact of SFAS No. 157 on its
consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

 In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 158,
Employers Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement
Plans (SFAS No. 158). SFAS No. 158 requires that employers recognize on a
prospective basis the funded status of their defined benefit pension and other
postretirement benefit plans on their consolidated balance sheet and recognize
as a component of other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, the gains or
losses and prior service costs or credits that arise during the period but are
not recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. Additional minimum pension liabilities and
related intangible assets are also derecognized upon adoption of the new
standard. The Company adopted SFAS No.
158 as of December 31, 2006. The
adjustments in our balance sheet to recognize the funded status of our pension
and other postretirement plans resulted in a decrease in non-current pension
liabilities of 5,129, an increase in non-current deferred income tax
liabilities of 2,070 and an increase in stockholders equity of 3,059. See Note 18 - Employee Benefit Plans for
additional information. 

 In February, 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159
The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities (SFAS
No. 159). SFAS No. 159 permits entities to choose to measure many
financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value. Unrealized gains and
losses on items for which the fair value option has been elected are reported
in earnings. SFAS No. 159 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
November 15, 2007. The Company is currently assessing the impact of SFAS
No. 159 on its consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

 In September 2006, the FASB issued FASB Staff
Position (FSP) AUG AIR-1 Accounting for Planned Major Maintenance
Activities (FSP AUG AIR-1). FSP AUG AIR-1 amends the guidance on
the accounting for planned major maintenance activities; specifically it
precludes the use of the previously acceptable accrue in advance method. FSP
AUG AIR-1 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2006. The implementation of this standard will not have a material impact on the
Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

 In September 2006, the SEC staff issued Staff
Accounting Bulletin (SAB) 108 Considering the Effects of Prior Year
Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial
Statements (SAB 108). SAB 108 requires that public companies utilize a
dual-approach to assessing the quantitative effects of financial misstatements.
This dual approach includes both an income statement focused assessment and a
balance sheet focused assessment. The guidance in SAB 108 must be applied to
annual financial statements for fiscal years ending after November 15,
2006. The adoption of SAB 108 did not have a material effect on the Company s
consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

 In November 2004, the FASB issued SFAS
No. 151, Inventory Costs An Amendment of
ARB No. 43, Chapter 4 . This statement clarifies that the
abnormal amounts of idle facility expense, freight, handling costs, and wasted
materials (spoilage) should be recognized as current-period charges. In
addition, this Statement requires that allocation of fixed production overheads
to the costs of conversion be based on the normal capacity of the production
facilities. The standard is effective for inventory costs incurred during 

F- 15 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 the fiscal years beginning
after June 15, 2005. The adoption of SFAS No. 151 had no impact on
the Company s combined financial position or results of operations. 

 In December 2004, the FASB issued FSP 109-2,
 Accounting and Disclosure Guidance for the Foreign
Earnings Repatriation Provision within the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 .
This FSP, which became effective upon issuance, allows an enterprise additional
time beyond the financial reporting period of enactment of the American Jobs
Creation Act of 2004 to evaluate the effect of this act on its plan for
reinvestment or repatriation of foreign earnings for purposes of applying SFAS
No. 109. The adoption of FSP 109-2 had no impact on the Company s
combined financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

 In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS
No. 153, Exchanges of Nonmonetary Assets, 
which was effective for fiscal periods beginning after June 15, 2005. The
statement eliminates the exception from fair value measurement for nonmonetary
exchanges of similar productive assets in APB 29 and replaces it with an
exception for exchanges that do not have commercial substance. The Company has
completed its evaluation of SFAS No. 153 and has determined that the
statement does not have a material effect on the Company s combined results of
operations or combined financial position. The Company adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 153 as of
January 1, 2006. 

 In May 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No. 154, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections, a replacement of APB Opinion
No. 20 and FASB Statement No. 3 . This Statement requires
retrospective application to prior periods financial statements of changes in
accounting principle, unless it is impracticable to determine either the
period-specific effects or the cumulative effect of the change. This Statement
applies to all voluntary changes in accounting principle or changes required by
an accounting pronouncement in the unusual instance that the pronouncement does
not include specific transition provisions. This Statement is effective for accounting
changes and corrections of errors made in fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2005. The adoption of SFAS No. 154 had no impact on
combined financial position or results of operations. 

F- 16 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

 NOTE 3 THE INDALEX
HOLDINGS ACQUISITION 

 On February 2,
2006, Indalex Inc. and Indalex Limited were acquired by Indalex Holdings
Finance, Inc. through its wholly-owned, Indalex Holding Corp. for a purchase
price of 418,256, net of acquired cash. The table below summarizes the
allocation of purchase price based on estimates of the fair values of the
assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition. 

ASSETS 

Accounts receivable, net 

125,872 

Receivable from suppliers 

8,986 

Inventories 

71,860 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

20,032 

Investment in AAG 

90,000 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

217,806 

Goodwill 

3,537 

Other intangibles 

89,000 

Other assets 

475 

Total assets 

627,568 

LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

59,064 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

67,461 

Pension and other post-retirement benefits 

37,162 

Other liabilities 

4,788 

Capital lease obligation 

3,796 

Deferred income taxes 

37,041 

Total liabilities 

209,312 

NET ASSETS ACQUIRED 

418,256 

Of the 89,000 acquired intangibles, 17,000 was
assigned to a trade name, which is being amortized using a declining balance
method over a 15-year life. The remaining 72,000 of acquired intangible
assets relates to customer relationships that are being amortized using a
declining balance method and a seven year life. The other intangibles have a
weighted average useful life of 10.7 years. Goodwill acquired of 3,537 is
not being amortized and is not deductible for tax purposes. 

 In connection with the Indalex
Holdings acquisition certain executives of the Company received divestiture
incentive payments totaling 743 that were paid by Honeywell. The payments were
accounted for as compensation expense in selling, general and administrative
expense, and as an increase to additional paid-in capital. 

F- 17 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE 4 HONEYWELL
ACQUISITION 

 On March 31,
2005 the closing date ), the Company was acquired by Honeywell International, Inc.
as part of Honeywell s acquisition of Novar for a purchase price of 433,677
net of acquired cash. The table below summarizes the allocation of purchase
price based on the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed at the date of acquisition. 

ASSETS 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

17,775 

Accounts receivable, net 

132,281 

Trade receivable from
 affiliates 

569 

Inventories 

86,988 

Prepaid expenses and
 other current assets 

18,805 

Deferred income tax 

2,627 

Note receivable from
 affiliate 

6,528 

Investment in AAG 

85,000 

Property, plant, and
 equipment, net 

222,831 

Goodwill 

14,626 

Other intangibles 

83,000 

Other assets 

652 

Total assets 

671,682 

LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

72,607 

Trade payable to
 affiliates 

622 

Income taxes payable 

4,791 

Accrued expenses and
 other current liabilities 

50,699 

Short-term debt 

6,000 

Pension and other
 post-retirement benefits 

56,007 

Other liabilities 

4,791 

Note payable to
 affiliates 

13,028 

Deferred income taxes 

29,460 

Total liabilities 

238,005 

NET ASSETS ACQUIRED 

433,677 

Of the 83,000 acquired
intangibles, 13,000 were assigned to a trade name, which was being amortized
using a declining balance method over a 15-year life. The remaining
 70,000 of acquired intangible assets related to customer relationships that were
being amortized using a declining balance method and a seven-year life. The
other intangibles had a weighted average useful life of 10.7 years. 

 Honeywell International, Inc. purchased Novar
with the intent of disposing of the Company as soon as practical. 

F- 18 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
4 HONEYWELL ACQUISITION (Continued) 

 The following table
summarizes the Company s financial results assuming the Honeywell Acquisition
occurred at the beginning of the respective period. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2005 

2004 

Amounts in millions 

(unaudited) 

Revenues 

1,021.4 

932.7 

Operating income 

13.6 

8.5 

Income before
 income taxes 

19.4 

18.2 

Net income 

16.1 

16.9 

NOTE 5 INVESTMENT IN
PREFERRED SHARES OF AFFILIATES 

 On March 24, 2005 just prior to the sale of Novar
plc to Honeywell International, Indalex Limited exercised its put option
included in the shareholders agreement to sell its investment in preferred shares
of Novar affiliates. The redemption value of the preferred shares was set at
the book value of 161,214, plus dividends earned through the date of
redemption of 9,077. The dividends were declared by Novar plc based on the
rates in the shareholder agreement. The dividend was reflected in the statement
of operations as dividend income for the period January 1, 2005 through March 31,
2005. 

 Simultaneously with this
transaction, Indalex Limited settled an outstanding loan with Novar plc of
 30,423. Also, simultaneously with this transaction, Novar plc caused Indalex
Limited to declare a non-cash
dividend of 139,868 to Novar plc. The dividend to Novar plc represented the
difference between (a) the redemption value of the preferred shares and
the related interim dividend payable by Novar plc to Indalex Limited and (b) the
intercompany loan owed by Indalex Limited to Novar plc. The dividend owed to Novar plc was accounted for as
a reduction to retained earnings. All the transactions were net settled and not
settled in cash so they are reported in the statement of cash flow as non-cash
activities for the period January 1, 2005 through March 31, 2005. 

 NOTE 6 EQUITY METHOD
INVESTMENT 

 Indalex UK Limited holds a 25 interest in Asia
Aluminum Group AAG ), which is accounted for using the equity method of
accounting. AAG manufactures and sells aluminum and stainless steel products
and provides design and test services for aluminum products. The principal
business transactions between AAG and the Company include the sale of finished
aluminum products where the Company uses AAG as a contract manufacturer. The
Company purchases finished extruded aluminum products from AAG for resale to
customers when it is more economical than manufacturing the product directly or
when there are capacity constraints. Approximately 4 , 6 , 2 , 3 , and 2 of
the Company s net sales were sourced from AAG for the periods January 1,
2006 to February 1, 2006; February 2, 2006 to December 31, 2006;
January 1, 2005 to March 31, 2005; April 1, 2005 to December 31,
2005; and the year ended December 31, 2004, respectively. The Company s
investment in AAG at December 31, 2006 was 96,950. The carrying 

F- 19 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
6 EQUITY METHOD INVESTMENT (Continued) 

 value of the Company s investment
in AAG exceeds the amount of underlying equity in net assets by 12,878 and
represents goodwill that is not amortized. 

 Summarized
financial data for AAG s operations as of February 1, 2006, December 31,
2006, March 31, 2005, December 31, 2005, and December 31, 2004
and for the periods ended is as follows: 

Year ended 

Year ended 

Year ended 

December 31, 2006 

December 31, 2005 

Jan 1-Feb 1 

Feb 2-Dec 31 

Jan 1-Mar 31 

Apr 1-Dec 31 

Dec 31, 2004 

Predecessor 2 

Successor 

Predecessor 1 

Predecessor 2 

Predecessor 1 

Sales 

27,840 

597,347 

85,100 

380,407 

417,428 

Gross profit 

6,067 

112,288 

18,042 

82,262 

112,273 

Net income 

2,573 

44,095 

6,228 

37,507 

59,017 

Current assets. 

427,003 

447,773 

484,194 

449,111 

474,047 

Current
 liabilities. 

350,990 

492,116 

380,663 

370,779 

348,059 

Non-current
 liabilities. 

42,964 

43,954 

18,949 

41,107 

7,653 

Total assets. 

695,343 

872,221 

656,216 

710,875 

625,773 

Stockholders equity 

301,390 

336,151 

251,694 

298,989 

264,796 

Retained earnings 

218,160 

255,891 

171,434 

215,587 

165,785 

Pursuant to the AAG
shareholders agreement, the Company agreed in certain limited circumstances
upon the request of AAG s lenders to provide guarantees of certain borrowings
of AAG that were outstanding on June 8, 2001, the date the Company entered
into the AAG shareholders agreement, in proportion to its approximately 25 
equity ownership in AAG in the event that any of such borrowings are cancelled
by a lender or are required by a lender to be restructured or renewed. The
Company has not guaranteed or been asked to guarantee any borrowings of AAG
under this provision since the execution of the AAG shareholders agreement on
June 8, 2001. The aggregate U.S. dollar equivalent (based on exchange
rates at December 31, 2006) of the borrowings the Company potentially
could have been required to guarantee at the time it entered into the AAG
shareholders agreement was its approximately 25 share of approximately
 71.6 million, or approximately 17.9 million. Based on the
information the Company has received from AAG to date, the Company believes
that the borrowings have been cancelled, repaid, restructured or refinanced.
Based on the Company s interpretation of the AAG shareholders agreement, the
Company believes that its potential obligation to guarantee any item of the
specified borrowings applies only to the first such cancellation, restructuring
or renewal thereof and is thereafter extinguished. As a result, based on the
information the Company has received from AAG to date, the Company does not
believe it could be required to guarantee any amounts outstanding as of the
date hereof. 

F- 20 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE 7 INTANGIBLE
ASSETS 

 As part of the Indalex
Holding acquisition, identifiable intangible assets were recorded. The
identifiable intangible assets are being amortized on a declining balance
method. The useful lives range from seven to fifteen years. The table below
summarizes the identified intangible assets and annual amortization expense. 

December 31, 2006 

Gross 

Carrying 

Accumulated 

Net Carrying 

Amount 

Amortization 

Amount 

Customer lists 

72,000 

8,682 

63,318 

Indalex trademark 

17,000 

(2,054 

14,946 

Total 

89,000 

10,736 

78,264 

Future amortization
expense is as follows: 

2007 

9,891 

2008 

8,440 

2009 

7,649 

2010 

7,175 

2011 

6,748 

NOTE 8 RESTRUCTURING
CHARGES 

 In September 2006, the Company initiated an
overhead restructuring program. As of December 31, 2006, the Company
recorded expense of 1,772 in
severance and related costs, of which 1,374
was unpaid as of December 31, 2006. The program resulted in the
termination of 32 people. 

 On March 14, 2005, the Company announced the
closure of its aluminum extrusion facility located in Fostoria, Ohio. The
Fostoria closure, which involved 53 employees, occurred on July 31, 2005. For
the period January 1, 2005 to March 31, 2005, the Company recorded
restructuring expense of 694,
comprised of 525 for severance costs for hourly and salaried employees,
including associated benefits and outplacement. Additional exit costs of 169
were recorded for lease obligations and other exit costs. As of
December 31, 2005, the Company had paid out all but 74. All amounts were
paid as of December 31, 2006. As a result of the closure, the Company
recorded asset impairments of 381 for
the period January 1, 2005 to March 31, 2005 and 366 for the period
February 2, 2006 to December 31, 2006. 

 As part of the acquisition by Honeywell and included
in the related purchase accounting, the Company initiated an overhead reduction
program that resulted in the termination of 75 employees at a cost of
 2,054. The program was accounting for as a part of purchase accounting. These
costs related to severance costs and other eligible associated expenses. As of December 31,
2006 and December 31, 2005, the Company had a remaining liability of 8
and 1,125, respectively. 

F- 21 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

 NOTE 8 RESTRUCTURING CHARGES (Continued) 

 In 2004 the Company implemented an overhead reduction
program that resulted in the termination of 58 employees at a cost of 4,591.
These costs related to severance costs and other eligible associated expenses.
As of December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2005 the Company had a remaining liability of 130 and 298, respectively, related to 2004 restructuring programs. 

 In June 2004, the Company announced the closure
of its aluminum extrusion facility located in Berlin, Connecticut. The closure
was completed on September 30, 2004. Berlin s closure resulted in the
termination of 99 employees at cost of 1,290. These costs included severance
costs for hourly and salaried employees including associated benefits and outplacement
services. Additional costs related to this closure included 45 of lease
obligations and 45 of other eligible associated expenses. As of
December 31, 2006, all but 17
of these charges had been paid. Additionally, an impairment charge of 1,372
was recorded against the property, plant and equipment during the year ended
December 31, 2004. This impairment charge reflected the write-down to fair
value of the machinery and equipment at the facility. 

 The following table
summarizes the status of the Company s total restructuring costs. 

Severance 

Asset 

Exit 

Costs 

Impairments 

Costs 

Total 

Balance at
 December 31, 2003 

645 

319 

964 

2004 charges 

5,996 

1,372 

90 

7,458 

2004 usage 

(5,363 

(1,372 

(384 

(7,119 

Balance at
 December 31, 2004 

1,278 

25 

1,303 

January 1-March 31, 2005 charges 

525 

381 

169 

1,075 

January 1-March 31, 2005 usage 

(741 

(381 

(1 

(1,123 

Balance at March
 31, 2005 

1,062 

193 

1,255 

April 1-December 31, 2005 charges 

(250 

28 

(222 

April 1-December 31, 2005 usage 

(1,424 

(166 

(1,590 

Purchase Accounting reserve 

2,054 

2,054 

Balance at
 December 31, 2005 

1,442 

55 

1,497 

January 1-February 1, 2006 charges 

January 1-February 1, 2006 usage 

(156 

(15 

(171 

Balance at
 February 1, 2006 

1,286 

40 

1,326 

February 2-December 31, 2006 charges 

1,772 

3,812 

5,584 

February 2-December 31, 2006 usage 

(1,529 

(3,812 

(40 

(5,381 

Balance at
 December 31, 2006 

1,529 

1,529 

NOTE 9 DERIVATIVE
INSTRUMENTS 

 SFAS No. 133 requires that an entity recognize
all derivatives as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. In
accordance with the Company s risk management policy, derivatives are limited
to futures, forwards, swaps, and options, which are used to mitigate commodity
price fluctuations specifically related to aluminum and gas. These hedging
relationships do not qualify for hedge accounting as defined by SFAS No. 133.
Therefore, the derivatives are marked to market through the income statement.
As of 

F- 22 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
9 DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS (Continued) 

 December 31, 2006,
the Company had 211 contracts to purchase 43.8 million pounds of aluminum at
prices per pound between 0.77 and 1.34 (actual). These purchase contracts are
scheduled to mature between January 2007 and January 2009, and the
notional amount was 50,366. As of December 31, 2006, the Company also had
10 contracts to purchase 3.5 million pounds of the Midwest premium portion of
aluminum, at a price per pound of .07 (actual). These purchase contracts are
scheduled to mature between January 2007 and June 2007, and the
notional amount was 4,200. As of December 31, 2006, the Company had 78
contracts to sell 41.8 million pounds of aluminum at prices between 1.09 and
 1.28 (actual). These sales contracts are scheduled to mature between January 2007
and April 2007, and the notional amount was 53,146. As of December 31,
2006, the unrealized gains related to these derivatives are recorded within
other current assets in the amount of 3,449. The income statement reflects a gain
of 3,619 for the period January 1, 2006 to February 1, 2006 and a
loss of 7,560 for the period February 2, 2006 to December 31, 2006. 

 As of December 31, 2005, the unrealized gains
related to these derivatives are recorded within other current assets in the
amount of 7,390. The income statement reflects a loss of 285 for the period January 1,
2005 to March 31, 2005 and a gain of 1,200 for the period April 1,
2005 to December 31, 2005. 

 As of December 31, 2004, the unrealized gains
related to these derivatives are recorded within other current assets in the
amount of 6,475. The income statement reflects a gain of 3,638 for the year
ended December 31, 2004. 

 The Company purchases
inventory in foreign currencies from international suppliers, giving rise to
foreign exchange rate risk. The purpose of the Company s foreign currency
hedging activity is to protect the Company from the risk that the eventual U.S.
Dollar net cash outflows resulting from foreign purchases or net cash inflows
denominated in foreign currency, will be adversely affected by the changes in
exchange rates. These hedging relationships do not qualify for hedge accounting
as defined by SFAS No. 133. Therefore, the derivatives are marked to
market through the income statement. 

 NOTE 10 AFFILIATE
TRANSACTIONS 

 For the period January 1, 2006 through February 1,
2006, net cash generated under the Honeywell cash sweep arrangement in the
United States of 5,899 was remitted as a return of capital. Cash generated of
 6,809 was remitted to Honeywell as a dividend. The Company was not charged
management fees by Honeywell during this period. The Company recorded expense
of 125 in the statement of income as an estimate for the services provided by
Honeywell during this period. The management fees for this period are reflected
as an increase to additional paid-in-capital in the statement of stockholders 
equity. 

 During the period February 2, 2006 to
December 31, 2006, the Company incurred management fees of 1,634 to Sun
Capital Partners, Inc. for acquisition costs, debt financing support,
operational management and corporate governance. Sun Capital Partners charges
its fees to affiliates proportionately based on a percentage of EBITDA.
Management believes these fees are reasonably representative of the costs
incurred to provide this support. 

F- 23 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
10 AFFILIATE TRANSACTIONS (Continued) 

 On July 18, 2006, the Company paid a dividend to
stockholders of 1,522. 

 At December 31, 2005 the Company had a net
receivable from Honeywell affiliates of 2,680. The balance results from
intercompany transactions occurring in the normal course of operations. The
Company had a note receivable from Novar of 4,279. Both receivables were
settled in January 2006. 

 For the period April 1, 2005 through December 31,
2005 net cash generated under the Honeywell cash sweep arrangement in the
United States of 11,791 was remitted as a return of capital. Cash generated in
Canada of 13,968 was remitted to Honeywell as a dividend. The Company also
paid management fees to Honeywell totaling 1,131 for services provided on its
behalf in the areas of tax and treasury which management believes were representative
of the cost to provide those services. Honeywell proportionately allocates its
support costs to its subsidiaries. The Company incurred costs directly for all
other functions. 

 For the period January 1, 2005 through March 31,
2005 the Company was not charged management fees by Novar. The Company recorded
expense of 700 in the statement of income as an estimate for the services
provided by Novar during this period. The management fees for this period are
reflected as an increase to additional paid-in-capital in the
statement of stockholders equity. 

 The Company received dividend income from affiliated
companies totaling 9,077 for the period January 1, 2005 to March 31,
2005 and 15,102 during the year ended December 31, 2004. 

 The Company paid
management fees to affiliated companies totaling 2,771 during the year ended
December 31, 2004. The fees to affiliated companies represented costs
incurred on behalf of the Company by Novar, its parent company, related to risk
management, treasury, tax and legal services. Novar proportionately allocated
costs to their subsidiaries based on services provided and the Company was one
of the larger divisions of Novar. Management believes that these fees
reasonably represent the services provided and costs incurred to do business. 

 NOTE 11 INVENTORIES 

 Inventories
consisted of the following: 

Dec 31, 2006 

Dec 31, 2005 

Successor 

Predecessor 2 

Raw materials 

37,883 

34,763 

Work in process 

4,251 

1,923 

Finished goods 

31,001 

22,401 

73,135 

59,087 

Less LIFO
 allowance 

(5,953 

(737 

Total inventories 

67,182 

58,350 

F- 24 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
11 INVENTORIES (Continued) 

 Had the FIFO basis been used to cost all inventories,
the amounts by which inventories are stated would have increased by 5,953 and
 737 at December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2005, respectively.
Inventory stated on the LIFO basis amounted to 35,922 at December 31,
2006 and 33,852 at December 31, 2005. 

 During 2004, Indalex Inc. s
inventory quantities were reduced. This reduction resulted in a liquidation of
LIFO inventory quantities carried at lower costs prevailing in prior years as
compared with the cost of 2004 purchases, the effect of which decreased cost of
sales by approximately 1,000 and increased net income by approximately 600. 

 NOTE 12 PROPERTY,
PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 

 Net
property, plant, and equipment consists of the following: 

Dec 31, 2006 

Dec 31, 2005 

Successor 

Predecessor 2 

Land, buildings
 and improvements 

93,129 

105,909 

Machinery and
 equipment 

121,774 

125,281 

Office equipment,
 furniture and vehicles 

5,336 

6,463 

Construction in
 progress 

3,788 

6,543 

224,027 

244,196 

Accumulated
 depreciation 

(24,539 

(24,943 

Net property, plant and equipment 

199,488 

219,253 

Assets held for
 sale 

150 

104 

Total property,
 plant and equipment 

199,638 

219,357 

NOTE 13 ACCRUED
EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 

 Accrued
expenses and other current liabilities consists of the following: 

Dec 31, 2006 

Dec 31, 2005 

Successor 

Predecessor 2 

Payroll and
 related benefits 

18,052 

17,559 

Accrued accounts
 payable 

14,678 

23,091 

Property and
 other taxes 

1,040 

1,398 

Environmental 

105 

168 

Restructuring 

1,529 

1,497 

Other 

3,074 

1,659 

Total accrued
 expenses and other current liabilities 

38,478 

45,372 

F- 25 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

 NOTE 14 OTHER
LIABILITIES 

 Other
liabilities were comprised of the following: 

Dec 31, 2006 

Dec 31, 2005 

Successor 

Predecessor 2 

Pension 

18,345 

41,750 

Environmental 

1,565 

1,587 

Post-retirement
 benefits 

4,362 

6,610 

Other
 post-retirement benefits 

547 

762 

Other 

5,848 

3,231 

Total 

30,667 

53,940 

NOTE 15 DEBT 

 The Company has
significant debt service obligations. A revolving credit facility consists of a
first-priority secured five-year asset-based revolving credit facility
providing for borrowings up to 200.0 million. In addition, to fund the
purchase from Honeywell, the Company issued 270.0 million of 11 1 2 
notes on February 2, 2006, which mature in 2014. The bonds were recorded
net of a discount of 3,437 which is amortized over the term of the bonds. The
discount is 3,043 at December 31, 2006. Interest expense was 35,745 in
the period February 2, 2006 to December 31, 2006. 

 Revolving Credit
Facility 

 The revolving credit facility provides an aggregate
principal amount of up to 200.0 million, all of which is available in the
form of loans denominated in U.S. dollars to Indalex Holding Corp. and up to
 80.0 million of which is available as a revolving credit sub-facility in
the form of loans denominated in Canadian dollars and loans denominated in U.S.
dollars to Indalex Limited or bankers acceptances denominated in Canadian
dollars, subject in each case to the borrowing base limitations described
below. Up to an aggregate of 30.0 million will be available to Indalex
Holding Corp., Indalex Limited and subsidiaries of Indalex Holding Corp., to
the extent that Indalex Holding Corp. or Indalex Limited is a co-applicant,
for the issuance of letters of credit. As of December 31, 2006, borrowings
under the revolving credit facility bore interest at a weighted average rate of
7.4 . 

 The aggregate amount of loans permitted to be made to
Indalex Holding Corp. under the revolving credit facility may not exceed a
borrowing base comprised of the eligible accounts receivable, inventory,
machinery and equipment and real property of Indalex Holding Corp. and its
wholly owned domestic subsidiaries, subject to an aggregate total cap, when
taken together with loans made to Indalex Limited, of 200.0 million. 

 The aggregate
amount of loans permitted to be made to Indalex Limited under the Canadian
revolving credit sub-facility may not exceed a borrowing base comprised of the
eligible accounts receivable, inventory, machinery and equipment and real
property of Indalex Limited and its wholly owned Canadian 

F- 26 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE 15 DEBT (Continued) 

 subsidiaries, subject to
an aggregate sub-cap of 80.0 million and further subject to an aggregate
total cap, when taken together with loans made to Indalex Holding Corp., of
 200.0 million. 

 The Company s obligations under the revolving credit
facility are guaranteed on a first-priority secured basis by Holdings and
each domestic subsidiary of Indalex Holding Corp. The obligations of Indalex
Limited under the Canadian revolving credit sub-facility will be guaranteed on
a first-priority secured basis by Holdings, Indalex Holding Corp., each
domestic subsidiary of Indalex Holding Corp. and certain foreign subsidiaries
of Indalex Holding Corp., other than Indalex Limited. 

 Indalex Holding Corp. s obligations under the U.S.
portion of the revolving credit facility and the guarantees thereof are secured
by a first-priority lien on all of the tangible and intangible assets of
Holdings, Indalex Holding Corp. and each domestic subsidiary of Indalex Holding
Corp., as well as 100 of the capital stock of Indalex Holding Corp. and the
Company s domestic subsidiaries and 65 of the capital stock of the foreign
subsidiaries directly owned by the Company or any of the Company s domestic
subsidiaries. The obligations of Indalex Limited under the Canadian revolving
credit sub-facility and the guarantees thereof are secured by a first-priority
lien on all of the tangible and intangible assets of Holdings, Indalex Holding
Corp., Indalex Limited, each domestic subsidiary of Indalex Holding Corp. and
certain foreign subsidiaries of Indalex Holding Corp., as well as 100 of the
capital stock of Indalex Holding Corp. and its domestic subsidiaries and 100 
of the capital stock of the Company s foreign subsidiaries, including Indalex
Limited. 

 Indalex Holding Corp. and
Indalex Limited may, at their option, increase the aggregate commitments under
the revolving credit facility by an additional 40.0 million, subject to
the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent. 

 11 1 2 Notes 

 Indalex Holding Corp. issued the 11 1 2 
Notes on February 2, 2006. The 11 1 2 
Notes will mature in 2014 and are guaranteed on a second-priority secured basis
by each of the Company s domestic subsidiaries that incur indebtedness, and
each of the Company s foreign subsidiaries that enter into a guarantee of any
of the Company s senior indebtedness
(other than indebtedness incurred by another foreign subsidiary). On the
closing date, the 11 1 2 
Notes were guaranteed by each of the Company s domestic subsidiaries and none
of the Company s foreign subsidiaries. Interest on the 11 1 2 Notes is
payable semi-annually in cash. 

 The 11 1 2 Notes are
secured by a second-priority lien on substantially all of Indalex Holding
Corp. s and the guarantors assets to the extent that such assets secure the
borrowings under the Company s revolving credit facility and a second-priority
pledge of 100 of Indalex Holding Corp. s and its domestic subsidiaries 
capital stock and 65 of the capital stock of the Company s foreign
subsidiaries directly owned by Indalex Holding Corp. or any domestic subsidiary
(in each case, subject to certain limitations.) 

 The indenture governing the 11 1 2 
Notes, among other things, limits Indalex Holding Corp. s ability and the
ability of its restricted subsidiaries to: incur additional indebtedness; pay
dividends on or make distributions in respect of capital stock or make certain
other restricted payments or investments; enter 

F- 27 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE 15 DEBT (Continued) 

 into agreements that restrict distributions from
restricted subsidiaries; sell or otherwise dispose of assets, including capital
stock of restricted subsidiaries; enter into transactions with affiliates;
create or incur liens; enter into sale/leaseback transactions; and merge,
consolidate or sell substantially all of the Company s assets. These covenants are subject to
important exceptions and qualifications. 

 Optional Redemption 

 Except as set forth below, the Company will not be
entitled to redeem the Notes at its option prior to February 1, 2010. 

 On and after February 1,
2010, the Company will be entitled at its option to redeem all or a portion of
the Notes upon not less than 30 or more than 60 days notice, at the
redemption prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount on the
redemption date), plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional interest
thereon, if any, to the redemption date (subject to the right of Holders of
record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant
interest payment date), if redeemed during the 12-month period commencing
on February 1 of the years set forth below: 

Period 

Redemption Price 

2010 

108.625 

2011 

102.875 

2012 and thereafter 

100.000 

Prior to February 1, 2009, the Company will be
entitled at its option on one or more occasions to redeem Notes (which includes
Additional Notes, if any) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 35 of
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes (which includes Additional Notes,
if any) originally issued at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of
principal amount) of 111 1 2 ,
plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional interest thereon, if any, to
the redemption date, with the net cash proceeds from one or more Equity
Offerings; provided , however , that 

 (1) at least 65 of such
aggregate principal amount of Notes (which includes Additional Notes, if any)
remains outstanding immediately after the occurrence of each such redemption
(other than Notes held, directly or indirectly, by the Company or its
Affiliates); and 

 (2) each such redemption
occurs within 90 days after the date of the related Equity Offering. 

 Prior to February 1,
2010, the Company will be entitled on one or more occasions to redeem all or a
portion of the Notes (which includes Additional Notes, if any) upon not less
than 30 nor more than 60 days notice at a redemption price equal to the
sum of: 

 (1) 100 of the principal
amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional interest
thereon, if any, to the redemption date (subject to the right of Holders of
record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant
interest payment date); plus 

 (2) the Make-Whole
Amount, if any. 

F- 28 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE 15 DEBT (Continued) 

 The term Make-Whole Amount shall mean, in
connection with any optional redemption of any Note, the greater of (1) 1.0 
of the principal amount of such Note and (2) the excess, if any, of (A) the
aggregate present value as of the date of such redemption of the redemption
price of such Note on February 1, 2010 (as set forth in the table above)
and the amount of interest (exclusive of interest accrued to the redemption
date) that would have been payable in respect of such Note through February 1,
2010 if such redemption had not been made, determined by discounting, on a
semiannual basis, such redemption price and interest at the Treasury Rate
(determined on the business day preceding the date of such redemption) plus
0.5 , from the respective dates on which such redemption price and interest
would have been payable if such redemption had not been made, over (B) the
principal amount of the Note being redeemed. 

 Treasury Rate means, in connection with the
calculation of any Make-Whole Amount with respect to any Note, the yield
to maturity at the time of computation of United States Treasury securities
with a constant maturity, as compiled by and published in the most recent
Statistical Release that has become publicly available at least two Business
Days prior to the redemption date, equal to the period from the redemption date
to February 1, 2010. If no maturity exactly corresponds to such period,
yields for the published maturities occurring prior to and after such maturity
most closely corresponding to such maturity shall be calculated pursuant to the
immediately preceding sentence and the Treasury Rate shall be interpolated or
extrapolated from such yields on a straight-line basis, rounding in each
of such relevant periods to the nearest month. 

 Statistical Release 
means the statistical release H.15(519) or any successor publication which is
published weekly by the Federal Reserve System and which establishes yields on
actively traded U.S. government securities adjusted to constant maturities or,
if such statistical release is not published at the time of any determination,
then such other reasonably comparable index which shall be designated by the
Trustee. 

 Selection and
Notice of Redemption 

 If the Company is redeeming less than all the Notes at
any time, the Trustee will select the Notes to be redeemed on a pro rata basis to the extent practicable. 

 The Company will redeem Notes of 1,000 or less in
whole and not in part. The Company will cause notices of redemption to be
mailed by first-class mail at least 30 but not more than 60 days
before the redemption date to each Holder of Notes to be redeemed at its
registered address. 

 If any Note is to be
redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to that Note will
state the portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed. The Company
will issue a new Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of
the original Note in the name of the Holder upon cancellation of the original
Note. Notes called for redemption become due on the date fixed for redemption.
On and after the redemption date, interest ceases to accrue on Notes or
portions of them called for redemption. 

F- 29 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE 15 DEBT (Continued) 

 Mandatory
Redemption; Offers to Purchase; Open Market Purchases 

 The Company is not
required to make any mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect
to the Notes. However, under certain circumstances, the Company may be required
to offer to purchase Notes as described under the captions Change of Control ,
 Excess Cash Flow Offer and Certain Covenants Limitation on Sales of Assets
and Subsidiary Stock . The Company may at any time and from time to time
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise. 

 Registration
Default 

 The Company was in a
registration default that began on October 31, 2006 and ended on
February 14, 2007, the date on which the Company s exchange offer was
completed. As a result of the registration default, holders are entitled to
additional interest, payable on regularly scheduled interest payment dates, on
the Company s notes accrued from October 31, 2006 through but not
including the date on which the exchange offer was completed. 

 NOTE 16 DEBT ISSUE COSTS 

 As part of the
transactions associated with the Indalex Holdings acquisition, the Company
incurred 4.2 million and 12.6 million in debt issue costs for the
Revolving Credit Facility and the 11 1 2 Notes,
respectively. These costs are being amortized using the straight-line method
over the life of the debt (5 years and 8 years, respectively). 

 NOTE 17 DISPOSALS AND
ASSETS HELD FOR SALE 

 On November 19, 2006, the Company sold its Drawn
Tube and extrusion facilities located in Winton, North Carolina to Spectube USA.
The aggregate purchase price was 4,548, comprised of cash proceeds (net of
transaction costs) of 3,373, and a promissory note of 1,175, payable over 3
years at an interest rate of 8 per annum. The Company also entered into a raw
material supply agreement with Spectube. As a result of the sale the Company recorded
an impairment charge of 2,676. 

 In June 2006, the Company idled the six-inch
press at its Connersville, Indiana facility to consolidate operations in Niles,
Ohio. As a result of idling the press the Company recorded an impairment of
 487 on long-lived assets during the period February 2, 2006 to
December 31, 2006. 

 In March 2005, the Company announced the closure of
its extrusion plant in Fostoria, Ohio. As a result of the closure the Company
recorded an impairment of 381 on long-lived assets during the period
January 1, 2005 to March 31, 2005. During the period February 2,
2006 through December 31, 2006, the Company recorded an additional impairment
on long-lived assets of 366. The remaining assets of 150 are classified as
assets held for sale as of December 31, 2006. 

 On
December 14, 2004, the Company sold a cast house in Ahoskie, North
Carolina, for a 740 mortgage note receivable. The mortgage note receivable bears
interest at 7 , is due December 31, 2007, and is collateralized by the
Ahoskie land, building, and equipment. In connection with the sale, the Company
entered into a five-year supply agreement with the buyer to purchase castings.
Due to 

F- 30 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE 17 DISPOSALS AND ASSETS HELD FOR
SALE (Continued) 

 insufficient initial
investment on the part of the buyer, this transaction was not recorded as a
sale. Rather, an impairment loss of 1,356 was recorded on property, plant and
equipment during the year ended December 31, 2004, and the Company
retained the property, plant and equipment in its combined financial
statements. The buyer ceased operations, and the Company recorded additional
impairments on long-lived assets of 636 and 104 for the periods April 1,
2005 to December 31, 2005 and February 2, 2006 to December 31,
2006, respectively. The book value for the mortgage note receivable and property,
plant and equipment is zero as of December 31, 2006. 

 In June 2004, the Company announced the closure
of its aluminum extrusion facility located in Berlin, Connecticut. As a result
of the closure the Company recorded an impairment on long-lived assets of
 1,372 during the year ended December 31, 2004. The plant closure was
completed on September 30, 2004. The facility and equipment were disposed
in 2005, generating proceeds of 2,580 and a gain of 292. 

 On June 25, 2004, the
Company entered into an asset exchange agreement with Ohio Valley Aluminum
Company LLC OVACO ), a billet supplier, to swap facilities. The Company
exchanged its Niles, Ohio cast house plus 3,000 cash consideration for an
extrusion facility in Connersville, Indiana. This exchange gave each party
another facility for their main process (extrusion for the Company). Production
in the new plant began on June 28, 2004. The transaction was accounted for
as an exchange where the assets received were recorded at fair value on the
date of acquisition. The fair market value of the acquired Connersville
facility on the date of the transaction was 9,134 and the book value of Niles
assets given up were 3,615. The Company recorded a gain of 1,225 in
connection with this transaction. 

 NOTE 18 EMPLOYEE
BENEFIT PLANS 

 Pension
and Post-Retirement Benefits: The Company maintains
defined benefit pension plans which provide retirement benefits for certain
employees. The assets of the plans are invested primarily in equity and
bond-based funds, debt and equity securities, and short-term cash investments.
Pension costs are calculated using the accrued benefit model of actuarial
valuation with projected earnings where appropriate. The Company also maintains
for select employees a defined benefit plan that provides healthcare and life
insurance benefits upon retirement. The plan is unfunded. 

 In connection with the Indalex Holdings acquisition,
the accrued pension was adjusted to exclude unamortized pension assets and
liabilities at the acquisition date. In addition, part of the pension liability
was retained by Honeywell. Also related to the Indalex Holdings acquisition,
the Company executed a wind-up of part of its Canadian pension plan. The net impact of the Indalex Holdings
acquisition is a 10.0 million reduction to the pension liability. 

 As discussed in Note
2-Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, the Company adopted SFAS No. 158
as of December 31, 2006. SFAS No. 158 requires that employers recognize on a
prospective basis the funded status of their defined benefit pension and other
postretirement benefit plans on their consolidated balance sheet and recognize
as a component of other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, the gains or
losses and prior service costs or credits that arise during the period but are
not recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. Additional minimum
pension liabilities and related intangible assets are also 

F- 31 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
18 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued) 

 derecognized upon adoption of the new standard. The
impact of adopting SFAS No. 158 resulted in an adjustment to the pension
liability as shown in the table below: 

As of December 31, 2006 

Pension 
 Liability 
 Adjustment 

SFAS No. 158 
 Adjustment 

Pension 
 Liability 
 SFAS No. 158 
 Adjustments 

(Increase) decrease to pension liabilities 

(592 

5,014 

4,422 

Decrease to post-retirement
 liabilities 

115 

115 

Increase (decrease)
 in deferred income tax liabilities 

239 

(2,070 

(1,831 

Accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss) 

(353 

3,059 

2,706 

The following tables
summarize the balance sheet impact, including the benefit obligations, assets,
and funded status associated with the Company s pension and post-retirement
plans. The Company uses a December 31 measurement date. 

December 31, 2006 

December 31, 2005 

Pension 

Post-Retirement 

Pension 

Post-Retirement 

Benefits 

Benefits 

Benefits 

Benefits 

Successor 

Predecessor 2 

Change in projected
 benefit obligation 

Benefit obligation at March 31, 2005 

161,056 

9,744 

Benefit obligation at February 1, 2006 

139,530 

5,081 

Service cost (including expenses) 

956 

54 

836 

81 

Interest cost 

6,760 

244 

6,766 

403 

Plan participants contributions 

27 

122 

Amendments/curtailments 

(4,599 

Obligation being settled 

(9,001 

Actuarial (gain)/loss 

(2,544 

(101 

6,318 

149 

Benefits paid 

(5,268 

(452 

(5,314 

(619 

Impact of currency exchange 

(665 

Projected benefit obligation at end of year 

129,768 

4,853 

169,662 

5,281 

Change in plan assets 

Fair value of plan assets at March 31, 2005 

115,203 

Fair value of plan assets at February 1, 2006 

107,583 

Actual return on plan assets 

8,764 

10,724 

Employer contribution 

10,565 

425 

7,454 

497 

Plan participants contributions 

27 

122 

Benefits paid 

(5,268 

(452 

(5,314 

(619 

Expenses paid 

(607 

(875 

Settlement payments 

(9,265 

Impact of currency exchange 

(348 

Fair value of
 plan assets at end of year 

111,424 

127,192 

F- 32 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

 NOTE
18 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued) 

December 31, 2006 

December 31, 2005 

Pension 

Post-Retirement 

Pension 

Post-Retirement 

Benefits 

Benefits 

Benefits 

Benefits 

Successor 

Predecessor 2 

Funded status 

(18,345 

(4,853 

(42,470 

(5,281 

Unrecognized
 actuarial loss 

1,642 

149 

Unrecognized
 prior service cost 

(1,478 

Net amount recognized 

(18,345 

(4,853 

(40,828 

(6,610 

Amounts
 recognized in the statement of financial position consist of: 

Other long-term
 liabilities 

(18,345 

(4,362 

(41,750 

(6,119 

Accrued expenses
 and other current liabilities 

(491 

(491 

Accumulated other
 comprehensive income 

922 

Net amount
 recognized 

(18,345 

(4,853 

(40,828 

(6,610 

December 31, 2006 

Pension Benefits 

Post-Retirement Benefits 

Amounts recognized in
 accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) consist of: 

Actuarial gain 

4,422 

115 

Net amount recognized,
 before tax effect 

4,422 

115 

The accumulated benefit obligation for the defined
benefit pension plans was 129,481 and 165,736 at December 31, 2006 and December 31,
2005, respectively. 

F-33 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
18 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued) 

 Net periodic pension costs
for the plans include the following components: 

Year ended 

Year ended 

Year ended 

December 31, 2006 

December 31, 2005 

Jan 1-Feb 1 

Feb 2-Dec 31 

Jan 1-Mar 31 

Apr 1-Dec 31 

Dec 31, 2004 

Predecessor 2 

Successor 

Predecessor 1 

Predecessor 2 

Predecessor 1 

Service cost 

101 

956 

288 

836 

1,183 

Interest cost 

776 

6,760 

1,954 

6,766 

7,113 

Expected return
 on assets 

(671 

(6,270 

(1,492 

(5,160 

(6,223 

Amortization of
 prior service cost 

31 

117 

Amortization of
 transition obligation 

(122 

(509 

Recognized
 actuarial loss 

5 

820 

2,450 

Settlement gain 

(11 

Curtailment
 (income) expense 

(13 

85 

Net periodic
 benefit cost 

211 

1,435 

1,479 

2,429 

4,216 

Net periodic
post-retirement benefit cost (income) for the plans include the following
components: 

Year ended 

Year ended 

Year ended 

December 31, 2006 

December 31, 2005 

Jan 1-Feb 1 

Feb 2-Dec 31 

Jan 1-Mar 31 

Apr 1-Dec 31 

Dec 31, 2004 

Predecessor 2 

Successor 

Predecessor 1 

Predecessor 2 

Predecessor 1 

Service cost 

5 

54 

24 

81 

78 

Interest cost 

23 

244 

141 

403 

515 

Recognized
 actuarial loss 

63 

206 

Amortization of
 prior service cost 

(10 

Curtailment
 income 

(3,121 

Net periodic
 benefit cost (income) 

18 

298 

228 

(2,637 

799 

During the period April 1, 2005 to December 31,
2005 the Company approved amendments to the post-retirement plan to reduce the
benefits provided to current and future retirees. The change resulted in a
curtailment gain of 3,121. The gain is included in other income. 

F-34 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
18 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued) 

 Actuarial assumptions used
in determining the benefit obligation and net periodic benefit cost for the
benefit plans are presented in the following table: 

Jan 1-Feb 1, 
 2006 

Feb 2-Dec 31, 
 2006 

Jan 1-Mar 31, 
 2005 

Apr 1-Dec 31, 
 2005 

Dec 31, 
 2004 

Predecessor 2 

Successor 

Predecessor 1 

Predecessor 2 

Predecessor 1 

Actuarial
 assumptions used to determine benefit obligations: 

Discount rate 

5.62 

5.84 

5.75 

5.50 

5.75 

Expected annual rate of compensation increase 

5.00 

5.00 

5.00 

5.00 

5.00 

Actuarial
 assumptions used to determine period benefit cost: 

Discount rate 

5.50 

5.62 

6.00 

5.75 

5.00 

Expected rate of
 return on plan assets 

8.00 

8.00 

8.00 

8.00 

8.00 

The Company used an assumption of 8.00 for long-term
rate-of-return on plan assets used to determine period benefit cost during all
periods presented. In evaluating the reasonableness of this assumption, the
Company used a combination of historical returns and weighted-average expected
returns for each asset class. The forward-looking approach is based on the most
recent Investment Consulting Capital Markets Outlook of the Company s actuary.
The Investment Consulting Capital Markets Outlook defines the outlook for
various market assumptions based on a 20-year timeframe. The Company s actuary
reviews its forward-looking investment returns assumptions every three months
and repeatedly checks to see whether assumptions are consistent with market
conditions. 

 Actuarial assumptions used
in determining the benefit obligation and net periodic benefit cost for the
post-retirement benefits are presented in the following table: 

Jan 1-Feb 1, 
 2006 

Feb 2-Dec 31, 
 2006 

Jan 1-Mar 31 
 2005 

Apr 1-Dec 31, 
 2005 

Dec 31, 
 2004 

Predecessor 2 

Successor 

Predecessor 1 

Predecessor 2 

Predecessor 1 

Actuarial
 assumptions used to determine benefit obligations: 

Discount rate 

5.50 

5.70 

5.75 

5.50 

5.75 

Actuarial assumptions used to determine period
 benefit cost: 

Discount rate 

5.50 

5.50 

6.00 

5.75 

5.00 

An 11 increase in the per capita cost of healthcare
has been assumed for 2005 and 2004, declining to 9 for 2006 and an ultimate
rate of 5 in 2013. A 1 increase in the assumed healthcare trend rate 

F-35 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
18 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued) 

 increases service and
interest cost by 21, and the accumulated benefit obligation by 237. A 1 
decrease in the rate reduces service and interest costs by 18 and the
accumulated benefit obligation by 212. 

 Pension
plans with accumulated benefit obligations exceeding the fair value of plan
assets were as follows: 

Dec 31, 2006 

Dec 31, 2005 

Successor 

Predecessor 2 

Projected benefit
 obligation 

103,957 

137,514 

Accumulated
 benefit obligation 

103,670 

136,702 

Fair value of plan
 assets 

85,378 

97,519 

The Company expects to contribute 6,126 to the
pension plans during 2007. 

 The objective of the Company s investment policy is to
maximize the return of invested assets while maintaining an appropriate level
of diversification to minimize risk. The Company s policy sets forth specific
criteria used in the selection and ongoing evaluation of individual fund
managers. 

 The Company s investment
committee generally meets quarterly with a registered investment advisor to
review actual performance against relevant benchmarks. The weighted-average
asset allocations of invested assets held in the defined benefit plans were as
follows: 

Asset Allocation 

December 31, 2006 

December 31, 2005 

United States 

Canada 

United States 

Canada 

Actual 

Target 

Actual 

Target 

Actual 

Target 

Actual 

Target 

Successor 

Predecessor 2 

Equity securities 

61.5 

60.0 

73.7 

70.0 

22.0 

50.0 

Debt securities
 and cash 

38.5 

40.0 

100.0 

100.0 

26.3 

30.0 

78.0 

50.0 

Total 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Benefit
payments over the next ten years, including amounts to be paid from Company
assets, and reflecting expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to
be paid as follows: 

Other 

Year Ending 

Post-Retirement 

December 31 

Pension 

Benefits 

2007 

18,679 

433 

2008 

23,234 

368 

2009 

5,476 

382 

2010 

5,536 

426 

2011 

5,620 

362 

2012 2016 

30,199 

1,868 

88,744 

3,839 

F-36 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
18 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued) 

 In 2004 the Company recognized a curtailment loss of
 85 related to the closure of the facility in Berlin, Connecticut. During
the period from April 1, 2005 to December 31, 2005, the Company
recognized a curtailment gain of 13 from reducing the number of participants
in the Plan. During the period from February 2,
2006 to December 31, 2006, the Company recognized a net settlement gain of
 11 as a result of executing a wind-up of part of its Canadian pension plan. 

 The Company also
participates in defined contribution and multi-employer pension plans. The
contributions were 343, 3,473, 917 and 2,736 and the expense was 268,
 3,622, 940 and 2,668 for the periods from January 1, 2006 to February 1,
2006, February 2, 2006 to December 31, 2006, January 1, 2005 to March 31,
2005, and from April 1, 2005 to December 31, 2005, respectively.
Contributions to 401(k) retirement
plans were 1,881 for 2004. 

 NOTE 19 INCOME TAXES 

 The
income tax provision (benefit) consists of the following components: 

Years ended 

December 31, 2006 

December 31, 2005 

Year ended 

Jan 1-Feb 1 

Feb 2-Dec 31 

Jan 1-Mar 31 

Apr 1-Dec 31 

December 31,2004 

Predecessor 2 

Successor 

Predecessor 1 

Predecessor 2 

Predecessor 1 

Current: 

Federal 

(200 

1,648 

(245 

5,476 

(9,776 

State 

(35 

420 

(135 

310 

351 

Foreign 

(50 

538 

607 

2,327 

5,340 

(285 

2,606 

227 

8,113 

(4,085 

Deferred: 

Federal 

986 

(8,066 

(434 

(5,510 

(1,066 

State 

174 

(73 

57 

170 

9 

Foreign 

(172 

(3,190 

159 

(861 

(666 

988 

(11,329 

(218 

(6,201 

(1,723 

Total 

703 

(8,723 

9 

1,912 

(5,808 

F-37 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
19 INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

 The amount of the
provision (benefit) for taxes differs from the amount that would result from
calculating the provision at the Company s basic U.S. tax rate of 35 .
Reconciliation between the federal statutory rate and the Company s effective
tax rate follows: 

Years ended 

Year ended 

December 31, 2006 

December 31, 2005 

December 31, 

Jan 1-Feb 1 

Feb 2-Dec 31 

Jan 1-March 31 

April 1-Dec 31 

2004 

Predecessor 2 

Successor 

Predecessor 2 

Predecessor 1 

Predecessor 1 

Tax at statutory
 rate 

820 

(11,417 

3,273 

5,464 

13,105 

State income
 taxes, net of federal benefits 

139 

420 

(78 

480 

234 

Dividends not
 subject to tax 

(3,177 

(5,182 

Equity earnings
 not subject to tax 

(219 

(2,432 

(545 

(3,283 

(5,286 

Foreign rate
 differences 

(22 

279 

109 

205 

(914 

Transaction costs
 not deductible 

1,171 

Foreign tax
 credits not used 

1,648 

Valuation
 allowance 

1,800 

Tax reserve
 reversal 

(6,805 

Other, net 

(15 

(192 

427 

(954 

(960 

Tax at effective
 tax rate 

703 

(8,723 

9 

1,912 

(5,808 

A valuation allowance was established for foreign
operating losses, foreign tax credits and transaction costs for which the
Company does not expect to see a benefit. 

F-38 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

 NOTE 19 INCOME TAXES
(Continued) 

 The tax effects of
temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred
tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2006 and 2005 are presented
below: 

Dec 31, 2006 

Dec 31, 2005 

Successor 

Predecessor 2 

Deferred tax assets: 

Accrued expenses 

7,490 

8,090 

Equity investment 

2,732 

4,859 

Goodwill amortized for tax 

14,750 

15,686 

Pension and post-retirement 

9,147 

22,394 

Federal and foreign operating losses 

1,800 

Other 

2,101 

688 

Valuation allowance 

(1,800 

Total deferred tax assets 

36,220 

51,717 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property, plant, and equipment 

(28,773 

(37,816 

Intangible assets 

(26,746 

(29,320 

Inventory 

(6,636 

(5,475 

Hedging 

(1,380 

(2,956 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

(63,535 

(75,567 

Net deferred tax liability 

(27,315 

(23,850 

Included in the balance sheet: 

Current deferred tax assets in excess of liabilities 

347 

Current deferred tax liabilities in excess of assets 

(2,456 

Noncurrent deferred tax liabilities in excess of
 assets 

(24,859 

(24,197 

Net deferred tax liability 

(27,315 

(23,850 

The Company recognized a deferred tax liability related
to other comprehensive income of 0 and 1,831 for the periods January 1,
2006 to February 1, 2006 and February 2, 2006 to December 31, 2006,
respectively. The Company recognized a deferred tax benefit related to other
comprehensive income of 0, 335, and 472 for the periods January 1, 2005
to March 31, 2005, April 1, 2005 to December 31, 2005, and the year
ended December 31, 2004, respectively. For financial statement purposes, the
provision/benefit was included in other comprehensive income. 

 During 2004, the statute
of limitations for tax years 1997 to 2000 expired. As a result, the Company
reversed tax reserves no longer needed totaling 9,975. Of this amount, 3,170
related to pre-acquisition matters and was reversed against goodwill while the
remainder was reversed through the income tax provision. 

 NOTE 20 COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES 

 The Company has entered
into several long-term contracts with metal suppliers to purchase aluminum
billet. The price of billet is based primarily on the average Midwest
Transaction price plus a 

F-39 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
20 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued) 

 fixed
billet premium. The Midwest Transaction average changes monthly. The minimum
purchase commitments as of December 31, 2006 are as follows: 

Years Ended 
 December 31 

Amount 

2007 

323,272 

2008 

62,444 

2009 

31,222 

Total 

416,938 

The
Company has also committed to purchasing natural gas. The commitments as of December 31,
2006 are as follows: 

Years Ended 
 December 31 

Amount 

2007 

13,963 

2008 

9,924 

2009 

3,570 

Total 

27,457 

The Company purchased 13.5 million under this
arrangement in 2006. 

 As of December 31, 2006, the Company has
committed approximately 6,181 for the purchase of property and equipment
related to incomplete projects. 

 As of December 31, 2006, the Company has outstanding
letters of credit commitments of 10,425 related to its general insurance
coverage. The letters of credit expire after one year but renew automatically
for another year unless the Company notifies the beneficiary at least ninety
days prior to the expiration date. 

 The Company is subject to a wide variety of
environmental laws, which continue to be adopted and amended. The Company
periodically assesses its environmental contingencies on a location-by-location
basis and adjusts the environmental reserve to reflect expected future costs
associated with environmental remediation. The Company s environmental reserves
totaled 1,670 as of December 31, 2006. Of this amount, 105 was included
in current liabilities at December 31, 2006. 

 The Company is involved in
various legal proceedings, claims, and litigations arising in the ordinary
course of business. While any litigation contains an element of uncertainty,
management presently believes that the outcome of each such proceeding or claim
which is pending or known to be threatened, or all of them combined, will not have
a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the Company
or on the consolidated results of operations or cash flows. 

 Environmental
obligations 

 The Company established
environmental reserves totaling 1,670 and 1,755 as of December 31, 2006
and December 31, 2005 respectively. 105 and 168 was included in current
liabilities as of December 31, 

F-40 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE 20 COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES (Continued) 

 2006 and December 31, 2005, respectively.
Liabilities are recorded when environmental remedial efforts or damage claim
payments are probable and the range of possible costs can be reasonably
estimated. In those cases where an amount within the range is judged most
likely to be incurred, that amount is recorded. Where no specific amount within
the range of possible costs is considered more probable to be incurred than any
other, the lower end of the range is typically used. Such liabilities are based
on the Company s best estimate of the undiscounted future costs required to
complete the remedial work. The recorded liabilities and ranges are adjusted
periodically as remediation efforts progress or as additional technical or
legal information becomes available. 

 The Company is subject to a wide variety of environmental
laws including those governing air emissions, the generation, storage,
handling, use and transportation of hazardous materials and employee health and
safety. Costs of achieving compliance with environmental regulations are not
included in the reserves, but instead are treated as operating items and
expensed or amortized, as appropriate, based on the nature of the expenditure. 

 As an owner of real property and a generator of waste,
the Company is subject to laws imposing responsibility for the cleanup of
contaminated property, including its currently and formerly owned or operated
properties. As part of its environmental management program, it is involved in
investigatory and monitoring actions at some of these properties, but the
Company has not identified any conditions that warrant active remediation
efforts. 

 The Company is responsible for the cleanup of a
formerly owned property that a release of hazardous substances occurred. There
is the possibility of a claim for natural resources damages at the site and it
is likely that the Company will have an obligation to pay compensation for that
damage if the claim is asserted. The amount of natural resource damages to be
paid would be determined by a formula. Based on the application of that
formula, the Company estimates the total liability ranges from 500 to 1,850. The
Company believes that the ultimate liability will be in the lower limits of the
range. Also, an additional 100 has been reserved to cover the costs of further
groundwater monitoring at this site. The Company has recorded a reserve of 550
for this location. 

 The Company has been identified as a potentially
responsible party PRP under the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 or CERCLA with respect to
approximately 19 offsite locations to which the Company s corporate
predecessors sent waste materials. Although the designation of an entity as a
PRP is rarely withdrawn, the Company s inquiries and evaluations have led it to
conclude that it has little or no liability at most of these sites. For those
sites where the Company is judged likely to share responsibility for cleanup
and other costs, the Company has reserved a total of 480 of which 450 is
attributable to one location. The full range of aggregate potential liability
at these sites is estimated to be from 265 to 1,305. 

 The Company has installed groundwater-monitoring wells
in one of its California facilities, and the Company performs semi-annual
monitoring of those wells. Results to date indicate that a few constituents of
materials used in the Company s processes are present in groundwater slightly
above the selected 

F-41 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
20 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued) 

 screening criteria.
However, this condition is very localized (within the boundaries of the
Company s property), and the source of those constituents has been eliminated.
In conjunction with the Regional Water Quality Control Board, the Company has
agreed to continue to monitor the groundwater. Based on the results to date, no
remediation is indicated. Management has established a reserve of 100 within a
range of costs of 30 to 350 for this site. 

 The Company is not currently a party to any judicial
or administrative proceedings. 

 The Company believes its
reserves for environmental matters are adequate, based on the information
currently available. 

 NOTE 21 LEASING
ARRANGEMENTS 

 The
Company leases property, plant, and equipment under operating leases which
expire at various dates through 2013. At December 31, 2006, future minimum
lease payments under noncancelable operating leases with terms of one year or
more are as follows: 

Years Ended 
 December 31 

Amount 

2007 

2,166 

2008 

1,787 

2009 

1,104 

2010 

702 

2011 

302 

Thereafter 

105 

Total commitments 

6,166 

Total lease expense for all operating leases was
approximately 415, 3,593, 1,834 and 5,659 for the periods January 1,
2006 to February 1, 2006, February 2, 2006 to December 31, 2006,
January 1, 2005 to March 31, 2005, and April 1, 2005 to December 31,
2005, respectively. Total lease expense for all operating leases, net of
sublease income, was approximately 7,771 for 2004 

F-42 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
21 LEASING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued) 

 In December 2005, the
Company renegotiated its lease of an extrusion press in Canada. In March 2006,
the Company renegotiated its lease of an extrusion press in Elkhart, Indiana.
Both leases qualify as capital leases. As of December 31, 2006, future
minimum lease payments, including the final buyout payment, are as follows: 

Year Ended 
 December 31 

Amount 

2007 

1,616 

2008 

1,702 

2009 

1,765 

2010 

1,641 

6,724 

Amount representing interest 

(807 

Present value of net minimum lease payments 

5,917 

Current portion 

(1,243 

Long-term portion
 capital lease obligation 

4,674 

At December 31, 2006,
the cost of the capital leases was 6,965 and accumulated depreciation was
 1,399. Amortization of capital lease obligations was 58, 1,050, 0, 58, and
 0 for the periods January 1, 2006 to February 1, 2006,
February 2, 2006 to December 31, 2006, January 1, 2005 to
March 31, 2005, April 1, 2005 to December 31, 2005 and the year
ended December 31, 2004, respectively. 

 NOTE 22 STOCK-BASED
COMPENSATION 

 In May 2006,
certain employees of the Company were granted options to purchase shares of
Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc. Stock options expire ten years from the
date of grant. 

 Under the Plan, options are granted with an exercise
price equal to the market value of the Company on the date of grant. A public
market does not exist for the stock so the market value of the Company was
based on its recent purchase price. The fair value of options on their grant
date was measured using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Key assumptions
used to apply this pricing model are as follows: 

Risk-free
 interest rate 

4.98 

Expected life
 option grants (in years) 

6.42 

Expected
 volatility of underlying stock 

26.3 

Expected dividend yield 

0.0 

F-43 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

 NOTE 22 STOCK-BASED
COMPENSATION (Continued) 

 The weighted average fair
value of the options granted in 2006 was 42.54. For the period
February 2, 2006 to December 31, 2006 the Company recorded
compensation expense of 938. Future stock compensation expense to be recorded
by the Company related to these options is as follows: 

Years Ended 
 December 31 

Amount 

2007 

769 

2008 

556 

2009 

333 

2010 

172 

2011 

45 

1,875 

A
summary of stock option activity is provided below: 

Period Ended December 31, 2006 

Options 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

Aggregate 
 Intrinsic 
 Value 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Remaining 
 Term 

Outstanding at
 beginning of period 

n/a 

n/a 

Granted 

70,000 

111.25 

Forfeited 

n/a 

n/a 

Exercised 

n/a 

n/a 

Expired 

n/a 

n/a 

Outstanding at
 end of period 

70,000 

111.25 

9.89 

Exercisable at end of
 period 

11,200 

111.25 

9.89 

As of December 31,
2006, 58,800 options with a weighted average exercise price of 111.25 are due
to expire in 2016. 

 Options
Vesting During the Period Ended December 31, 2006 

Grant 
 Date 

Vesting 
 Date 

Numbers of 
 Options Vesting 
 During Period 

Fair Value 
 Per Option 

Fair Value of 
 Options Vesting 

5/19/2006 

5/19/2006 

11,200 

37.47 

420 

Certain employees of the Company were granted options
to purchase shares of Novar plc under the Novar plc Executive Share Option
Scheme and the Novar plc 1996 Executive Share Option Scheme (the Plans ).
Under the Plans, options were granted with exercise prices equal to the quoted
market price of Novar plc s stock on the date of the grant. All options existing at March 31, 2005
were liquidated with 

F- 44 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
22 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued) 

 the
sale of Novar to Honeywell. For the period January 1, 2005 to March 31,
2005 the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of 1,244.
Additional compensation expense of 311 was recognized during this period to
reflect Honeywell s approval to compensate option holders for the dividend paid
to Novar plc shareholders. Under the Predecessor 2 company, no stock-based
compensation plans existed at December 31, 2005. 

 With respect to results for years prior to 2005,
options granted prior to 1996 were generally exercisable after three years and
expired ten years from the date of the grant. However, options granted in 1996
and since became exercisable after three years only upon attainment of certain
performance goals, generally based on earnings of Novar plc, and also expired
ten years from the date of the grant. In the event that these performance goals
were not attained in the third year, then the goals were carried forward in the
following years until they were met or the grant expired. APB Opinion No. 25
requires recognition of compensation expense for variable award plans over the
vesting periods of such plans, based upon the then-current market values of the
underlying stock. As such, the Company recognized compensation expense of
 2,229 in 2004 related to the Plans, which was recorded as part of selling,
general and administrative expenses. 

 A
summary of stock option activity for the Plans is set forth below (shares in
thousands): 

March 31, 2005 

December 31, 2004 

Number 
 of options 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise Price 

Number 
 of options 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise Price 

Outstanding at
 beginning of year 

3,592 

2.68 

3,690 

2.52 

Granted 

1,086 

2.53 

Exercised 

(3,592 

2.68 

(395 

2.88 

Forfeited and
 expired 

(789 

2.08 

Outstanding at
 end of year 

n/a 

3,592 

2.68 

Options exercisable at
 year-end 

1,271 

NOTE
23 GEOGRAPHIC DATA 

Net Sales 

Long-Lived Assets 

Years ended 

Years ended 

December 31, 2006 

December 31, 2005 

Jan 1-Feb 1 

Feb 2-Dec 31 

Jan 1-Mar 31 

Apr 1-Dec 31 

Dec 31, 2004 

Dec 31, 2006 

Dec 31, 2005 

Predecessor 2 

Successor 

Predecessor 1 

Predecessor 2 

Predecessor 1 

Successor 

Predecessor 2 

United States 

85,253 

957,328 

199,689 

648,753 

768,832 

192,859 

199,116 

Canada 

14,497 

182,403 

39,275 

130,544 

160,803 

202,816 

208,647 

Other International 

269 

3,111 

885 

2,224 

3,061 

100,019 

1,142,842 

239,849 

781,521 

932,696 

395,675 

407,763 

F- 45 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE 24 DISCONTINUED
OPERATIONS 

 During February 2004, the Company sold
substantially all of the assets and related operational obligations of Brampton
to Breyer Industries Limited for cash proceeds of 509, a promissory note of
 501, and a receivable of 147. The 147 receivable was paid in full during April 2004.
The 501 promissory note was secured by a first mortgage. The promissory note
accrued interest at a rate of 7 , and the
terms called for equal monthly payments of 6 through February 2009. The
promissory note was paid in full during June 2004. In conjunction with
this sale, the Company recorded a loss of 634, net of a 147 tax benefit. The Company incurred additional pre-tax
expenses of 77 for the period from January 1, 2005 to March 31, 2005
related to this discontinued operation. 

 During July 2004, the Company transferred its
ownership interest in ITI to an affiliated company within the Novar plc group.
This transaction was treated as a transaction between entities under common control.
Accordingly, the transfer of the net assets of ITI is reflected as a dividend
distribution in the combined financial statements in the amount of 34,439. 

 The revenues for these
entities were 17,605 for the year ended December 31, 2004. 

 NOTE 25 CONSOLIDATED AND
COMBINED GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

 Indalex Holding Corp. (The Issuer issued 270,000
of the notes on February 2, 2006. The notes are jointly and severally
guaranteed on a full and unconditional basis by Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc.,
the parent company of Indalex Holding Corp., and each of the domestic
subsidiaries of Indalex Holding Corp. (the Guarantor Companies ). Indalex
Holding Corp. and the Guarantor Companies are 100 owned, directly or
indirectly, by Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc. Indalex Holding Corp. s
foreign subsidiaries (the Non-Guarantor Companies do not provide guarantees. 

 The following consolidated and combined financial information presents the financial
information of Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc., the Guarantor Companies and
the Non-Guarantor Companies in accordance with Rule 3-10 under the
Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation S-X. The financial
information may not necessarily be indicative of results of operations or
financial position had the Guarantor Companies or Non-Guarantor Companies
operated as independent entities. The Guarantor Companies and Non-Guarantor
Companies include the consolidated and combined financial results of their
wholly owned subsidiaries accounted for under the equity method. All applicable
corporate expenses have been allocated among the Guarantor Companies and
Non-Guarantor Companies. 

F- 46 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

 NOTE
25 CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION
(Continued) 

 Indalex Consolidated Balance
Sheet Guarantor and Non-Guarantor 
Year Ended December 31, 2006 (Successor) 

Parent 

Guarantor 

Non-Guarantor 

Company 

Company 

Company 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

6,777 

4,380 

11,157 

Accounts receivable, net 

66,840 

37,084 

103,924 

Receivable from affiliates 

9,994 

3,440 

(13,434 

Receivable from suppliers 

8,980 

8,980 

Inventories 

46,254 

20,928 

67,182 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

8,641 

2,124 

10,765 

Deferred income tax 

567 

(567 

Total current assets 

147,486 

68,523 

(14,001 

202,008 

Notes receivable from affiliates 

156,728 

(156,728 

Investment in AAG 

96,950 

96,950 

Investment in subsidiary 

111,250 

(111,250 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

130,925 

68,713 

199,638 

Goodwill. 

2,112 

1,425 

3,537 

Other intangibles, net 

50,913 

27,351 

78,264 

Deferred financing costs 

6,584 

8,010 

14,594 

Other assets 

2,325 

367 

2,692 

Total assets 

111,250 

497,073 

271,339 

(281,979 

597,683 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable. 

41,634 

25,146 

66,780 

Payable to affiliates 

2,909 

10,525 

(13,434 

Income taxes payable. 

2,130 

518 

2,648 

Deferred income taxes 

3,023 

(567 

2,456 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

32,293 

6,185 

38,478 

Accrued interest 

13,617 

189 

13,806 

Capital lease obligation 

481 

762 

1,243 

Checks in excess of bank balance 

Revolver borrowings. 

10 

40,090 

15,617 

55,717 

Total current liabilities 

10 

136,177 

58,942 

(14,001 

181,128 

Notes payable to affiliates 

156,728 

(156,728 

Other liabilities. 

25,673 

4,994 

30,667 

Capital lease obligation. 

2,343 

2,331 

4,674 

Long-term debt 

266,957 

266,957 

Deferred income taxes 

12,413 

12,446 

24,859 

Total liabilities 

10 

443,563 

235,441 

(170,729 

508,285 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 20) 

Stockholders 
 equity: 

Common stock 

1 

1 

(1 

1 

Additional paid-in capital 

111,249 

78,005 

32,660 

(111,249 

110,665 

Treasury stock 

(10 

(10 

Accumulated retained earnings (deficit) 

(23,821 

(77 

(23,898 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

(675 

3,315 

2,640 

Total stockholders equity 

111,240 

53,510 

35,898 

(111,250 

89,398 

Total liabilities
 and stockholders equity 

111,250 

497,073 

271,339 

(281,979 

597,683 

F-47 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

 NOTE
25 CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION
(Continued) 

 Indalex
Combined Balance Sheet Guarantor and Non-Guarantor 
Year Ended December 31, 2005 (Predecessor 2) 

Parent 
 Company 

Guarantor 
 Company 

Non-Guarantor 
 Company 

Eliminations 

Combined 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

9,366 

9,366 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

72,336 

41,462 

113,798 

Receivable from
 affiliates 

4,082 

6,981 

(7,954 

3,109 

Receivable from
 supplier 

7,873 

7,873 

Refundable income
 taxes 

243 

243 

Inventories 

41,874 

16,476 

58,350 

Prepaid expenses
 and other current assets 

14,344 

3,199 

17,543 

Deferred income
 tax 

(245 

592 

347 

Total current
 assets 

140,264 

78,076 

(7,711 

210,629 

Notes receivable
 from affiliates 

4,279 

4,279 

Investment in AAG 

94,380 

94,380 

Property, plant,
 and equipment, net 

140,977 

78,380 

219,357 

Goodwill 

9,507 

5,119 

14,626 

Other intangibles,
 net 

48,567 

26,151 

74,718 

Other assets 

65 

338 

403 

Total assets 

339,380 

286,723 

(7,711 

618,392 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

35,481 

30,282 

65,763 

Payable to
 affiliates 

7,353 

1,030 

(7,954 

429 

Income taxes
 payable 

(3,071 

2,828 

243 

Accrued expenses
 and other current liabilities 

38,953 

6,419 

45,372 

Capital lease
 obligation 

726 

726 

Checks in excess
 of bank balance 

1,716 

1,716 

Total current
 liabilities 

80,432 

41,285 

(7,711 

114,006 

Other liabilities 

45,848 

8,092 

53,940 

Capital lease obligation 

3,143 

3,143 

Deferred income taxes 

8,538 

15,659 

24,197 

Total liabilities 

134,818 

68,179 

(7,711 

195,286 

Commitments and
 contingencies (Note 20) 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock 

100 

291 

391 

Additional paid-in
 capital 

202,329 

209,186 

411,515 

Accumulated
 retained earnings 

2,183 

7,529 

9,712 

Accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss) 

(50 

1,538 

1,488 

Total
 stockholders equity 

204,562 

218,544 

423,106 

Total liabilities
 and stockholders equity 

339,380 

286,723 

(7,711 

618,392 

F- 48 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
25 CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION
(Continued) 

 Indalex
Combined Statement of Income Guarantor and Non-Guarantor 
For the Period January 1, 2006 through February 1, 2006 (Predecessor
2) 

Parent 

Guarantor 

Non-Guarantor 

Company 

Company 

Company 

Eliminations 

Combined 

Net
 sales 

71,591 

30,035 

(1,607 

100,019 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of sales 

68,152 

28,582 

(1,607 

95,127 

Selling, general, and administrative 

4,157 

1,391 

5,548 

Management fees to affiliates 

125 

125 

Amortization of intangible assets 

598 

322 

920 

Other (income) expense 

(14 

209 

195 

Mark-to-market on derivatives 

(3,619 

(3,619 

Total costs and expenses 

69,399 

30,504 

(1,607 

98,296 

Income (loss) from operations 

2,192 

(469 

1,723 

Other income (expense): 

External interest expense 

1 

(25 

(24 

Income from equity method investment in AAG 

643 

643 

Income before income taxes 

2,193 

149 

2,342 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

925 

(222 

703 

Net
 income 

1,268 

371 

1,639 

F- 49 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
25 CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION
(Continued) 

 Indalex
Consolidated Statement of Income Guarantor and Non-Guarantor 
For the Period February 2, 2006 through December 31, 2006 (Successor) 

Parent 

Guarantor 

Non-Guarantor 

Company 

Company 

Company 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Net
 sales 

812,839 

420,602 

(90,599 

1,142,842 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of sales 

755,916 

393,360 

(90,599 

1,058,677 

Selling, general, and administrative 

39,448 

15,518 

54,966 

Management fees to affiliates 

1,128 

506 

1,634 

Amortization of intangible assets 

6,937 

3,799 

10,736 

Other (income) expense 

1,250 

(234 

1,016 

Restructuring charges 

261 

1,511 

1,772 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

7,083 

165 

7,248 

(Gain) loss on disposal of assets 

(213 

468 

255 

Mark-to-market on derivatives 

7,560 

7,560 

Total costs and expenses 

819,370 

415,093 

(90,599 

1,143,864 

Income (loss) from operations 

(6,531 

5,509 

(1,022 

Other income (expense): 

Interest to affiliates, net 

16,955 

(16,955 

External interest expense 

(33,794 

(1,951 

(35,745 

Deferred financing costs 

(1,047 

(1,173 

(2,220 

Income from equity method investment in AAG 

11,841 

11,841 

Affiliated acquisition fees 

(5,475 

(5,475 

Loss before income taxes 

(29,892 

(2,729 

(32,621 

Income tax benefit 

(6,071 

(2,652 

(8,723 

Net
 income (loss) 

(23,821 

(77 

(23,898 

F- 50 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

 NOTE 25 CONSOLIDATED
AND COMBINED GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued) 

 Indalex Combined Statement
of Cash Flows Guarantor and Non-Guarantor 
For the Period January 1, 2006 through February 1, 2006 (Predecessor
2) 

Parent 

Guarantor 

Non-Guarantor 

Company 

Company 

Company 

Elimination 

Combined 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

1,268 

371 

1,639 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from
 operating activities 

Depreciation 

1,966 

855 

2,821 

Amortization of
 intangibles 

598 

322 

920 

Other 

743 

743 

Income from equity
 method investment in AAG 

(643 

(643 

Management fees to
 affiliates 

125 

125 

Deferred income
 taxes 

1,160 

(172 

988 

Changes in operating
 assets and liabilities 

Accounts
 receivable 

(9,285 

(2,970 

(12,255 

Receivable from
 affiliates 

3,212 

(1,358 

1,854 

Inventories 

(774 

(1,878 

(2,652 

Prepaids and other
 assets 

(4,621 

937 

(3,684 

Income taxes
 payable/refundable 

(238 

(54 

(292 

Checks issued in
 excess of bank balance 

(242 

(242 

Accounts payable 

(4,674 

(1,912 

(6,586 

Accrued expenses
 and other liabilities 

18,108 

1,690 

19,798 

Payable to
 affiliates 

770 

42 

812 

Net cash from
 operating activities 

8,116 

(4,770 

3,346 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Capital
 expenditures 

(2,036 

(970 

(3,006 

Net cash from
 investing activities 

(2,036 

(970 

(3,006 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Dividends and
 distributions 

(6,809 

(6,809 

Payments on
 capital lease obligation 

(58 

(58 

Net (payments to)
 collections from affiliates 

(5,899 

4,279 

(1,620 

on notes 

Debt issuance and
 other transaction costs 

Net cash from
 financing activities 

(5,899 

(2,588 

(8,487 

Effect of changes in
 foreign exchange rates on cash 

(27 

(27 

Net change in cash and cash
 equivalents 

181 

(8,355 

(8,174 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Beginning of
 period 

9,366 

9,366 

End of period 

181 

1,011 

1,192 

F-51 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

 NOTE 25 CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED GUARANTOR AND
NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued) 

 Indalex
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows Guarantor and Non-Guarantor 
For the Period February 2, 2006 through December 31, 2006 (Successor) 

Parent 
 Company 

Guarantor 
 Company 

Non- 
 Guarantor 
 Company 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Cash flows from operating
 activities 

Net income (loss) 

(23,821 

(77 

(23,898 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net income to net cash from operating activities: 

Depreciation 

22,775 

9,552 

32,327 

Amortization of intangible assets 

6,937 

3,799 

10,736 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

1,047 

1,173 

2,220 

Amortization of bond discount 

394 

394 

(Gain) loss on disposal of assets 

(213 

468 

255 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

7,083 

165 

7,248 

Other 

22 

(1 

21 

Income from equity method investment in AAG 

(11,841 

(11,841 

Dividends from equity method investment in AAG 

4,891 

4,891 

Stock-based compensation 

938 

938 

Deferred income taxes. 

(8,139 

(3,190 

(11,329 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities, net of the effect of the acquisition: 

Accounts receivable 

11,850 

6,642 

18,492 

Receivable from affiliates 

(9,124 

4,851 

4,273 

Inventories 

4,699 

(1,698 

3,001 

Prepaids and other assets 

6,949 

51 

7,000 

Income taxes payable/refundable 

2,129 

254 

2,383 

Checks issued in excess of bank balance 

(1,260 

(1,260 

Accounts payable 

10,827 

(2,768 

8,059 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

(15,851 

(2,498 

(18,349 

Payable to affiliates 

(5,214 

9,477 

(4,263 

Net cash from operating activities. 

12,028 

19,250 

10 

31,288 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Capital expenditures. 

(16,227 

(5,050 

(21,277 

Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment. 

237 

2,007 

2,244 

Proceeds from sale of business 

4,548 

4,548 

Cash paid for acquisition 

(111,250 

(361,665 

(216,741 

271,400 

(418,256 

Payment of acquisition transaction costs 

(1,735 

(1,735 

Net cash from investing activities 

(111,250 

(374,842 

(219,784 

271,400 

(434,476 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Dividends and distributions 

(1,522 

(1,522 

Payments on capital lease obligation 

(374 

(659 

(1,033 

Revolver payments, net 

10 

(749 

(12,383 

(13,122 

Repurchases of common stock 

(10 

(10 

Revolver borrowings, acquisition 

40,839 

28,000 

68,839 

Borrowings on long-term debt, acquisition 

266,563 

160,150 

(160,150 

266,563 

Capital contributions 

111,250 

81,648 

29,602 

(111,250 

111,250 

Debt issuance costs 

(16,814 

(16,814 

Net cash from financing activities 

111,250 

369,591 

204,710 

(271,400 

414,151 

Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash 

204 

(10 

194 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

6,777 

4,380 

11,157 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

Beginning of period 

End of period 

6,777 

4,380 

11,157 

F- 52 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

 NOTE 25 CONSOLIDATED AND
COMBINED GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued) 

 Indalex Combined
Statement of Income Guarantor and Non-Guarantor 
Period January 1, 2005 to March 31, 2005 (Predecessor 1) 

Parent 

Guarantor 

Non-Guarantor 

Company 

Company 

Company 

Elimination 

Combined 

Net
 sales 

169,924 

87,872 

(17,947 

239,849 

Costs and
 expenses: 

Cost of sales 

157,843 

81,646 

(17,947 

221,542 

Selling, general, and administrative 

11,522 

4,071 

15,593 

Management fees to affiliates 

550 

150 

700 

Other expense 

800 

193 

993 

Restructuring charges 

694 

694 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

381 

381 

(Gain) loss on disposal of assets 

(311 

37 

(274 

Mark-to-market on derivatives 

285 

285 

Total costs and expenses 

171,764 

86,097 

(17,947 

239,914 

Income (loss) from operations 

(1,840 

1,775 

(65 

Other income
 (expense): 

Interest to affiliates, net 

(1,038 

(170 

(1,208 

External interest (expense) income, net 

(45 

45 

Income from equity method investment in AAG 

1,557 

1,557 

Dividend income from affiliates 

9,077 

9,077 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(2,923 

12,284 

9,361 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

(757 

766 

9 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

(2,166 

11,518 

9,352 

Discontinued operations, net of tax 
 benefit of 27 

(50 

(50 

Net income (loss) 

(2,166 

11,468 

9,302 

F-53 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
25 CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION
(Continued) 

 Indalex Combined
Statement of Income Guarantor and Non-Guarantor 
Period April 1, 2005 to December 31, 2005 (Predecessor 2) 

Parent 

Guarantor 

Non-Guarantor 

Company 

Company 

Company 

Elimination 

Combined 

Net
 sales 

549,602 

288,167 

(56,248 

781,521 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of sales 

514,800 

269,247 

(56,248 

727,799 

Selling, general, and administrative 

24,791 

11,142 

35,933 

Management fees to affiliates 

1,131 

1,131 

Amortization of intangible assets 

5,383 

2,899 

8,282 

Other (income) expense 

(2,219 

1,394 

(825 

Restructuring charges 

(222 

(222 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

636 

636 

Gain on disposal of assets 

(126 

(20 

(146 

Mark-to-market on derivatives 

(1,200 

(1,200 

Total costs and expenses 

542,974 

284,662 

(56,248 

771,388 

Income from operations 

6,628 

3,505 

10,133 

Other income (expense): 

Interest to affiliates, net 

(3,712 

(3,712 

External interest expense 

(333 

(333 

Interest income 

46 

98 

144 

Income from equity method investment in AAG 

9,380 

9,380 

Income before income taxes 

2,629 

12,983 

15,612 

Income tax provision 

446 

1,466 

1,912 

Net income 

2,183 

11,517 

13,700 

F-54 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

 NOTE 25 CONSOLIDATED AND
COMBINED GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued) 

 Indalex
Combined Statement of Cash Flows Guarantor and Non-Guarantor 
Period January 1, 2005 to March 31, 2005 (Predecessor 1) 

Parent 
 Company 

Guarantor 
 Company 

Non-Guarantor 
 Company 

Elimination 

Combined 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

(2,166 

11,468 

9,302 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net
 cash from operating activities 

Depreciation 

6,241 

1,712 

7,953 

(Gain) loss on disposal
 of assets 

(311 

37 

(274 

Impairment of long-lived
 assets 

381 

381 

Dividend from affiliate 

(9,077 

(9,077 

Other 

245 

245 

Income from equity
 investment in AAG 

(1,557 

(1,557 

Dividends from investment
 in AAG 

4,602 

4,602 

Stock-based compensation 

998 

246 

1,244 

Executive compensation 

235 

76 

311 

Management fees to
 affiliates 

550 

150 

700 

Deferred income taxes 

(377 

159 

(218 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

(16,379 

(8,918 

(25,297 

Receivable from
 affiliates 

(737 

1,550 

(996 

(183 

Inventories 

(17,223 

2,519 

(14,704 

Prepaids and other assets 

1,257 

881 

2,138 

Income taxes
 payable/refundable 

(556 

(9,598 

(10,154 

Accounts payable 

1,526 

896 

2,422 

Accrued expenses and
 other liabilities 

2,849 

(1,416 

1,433 

Payable to affiliates 

(1,946 

485 

996 

(465 

Net cash from operating
 activities 

(25,794 

(5,404 

(31,198 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Capital expenditures 

(6,084 

(2,686 

(8,770 

Proceeds from sales of
 property, plant and equipment 

742 

(4 

738 

Net cash from investing
 activities 

(5,342 

(2,690 

(8,032 

Cash
 flows from financing activities 

Net collections from
 affiliates on notes 

30,332 

264 

30,596 

Debt issuance and other
 transaction costs 

Net cash from financing
 activities 

30,332 

264 

30,596 

Effect of changes in
 foreign exchange rates on cash 

2,887 

2,887 

Net
 change in cash and cash equivalents 

(804 

(4,943 

(5,747 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Beginning of period 

6,012 

17,510 

23,522 

End of period 

5,208 

12,567 

17,775 

F- 55 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
25 CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION
(Continued) 

 Indalex Combined Statement
of Cash Flows Guarantor and Non-Guarantor 
Period April 1, 2005 to December 31, 2005 (Predecessor 2) 

Parent 
 Company 

Guarantor 
 Company 

Non-Guarantor 
 Company 

Eliminations 

Combined 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

2,183 

11,517 

13,700 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from
 operating activities 

Depreciation 

17,752 

7,191 

24,943 

Amortization of
 intangibles 

5,383 

2,899 

8,282 

Gain on disposal
 of assets 

(126 

(20 

(146 

Impairment of
 long-lived assets 

636 

636 

Income from equity
 method investment in AAG 

(9,380 

(9,380 

Deferred income
 taxes 

(5,340 

(861 

(6,201 

Changes in operating
 assets and liabilities 

Accounts
 receivable 

16,190 

4,886 

21,076 

Receivable from
 affiliates 

(2,679 

(3,350 

3,691 

(2,338 

Inventories 

31,677 

(2,280 

29,397 

Prepaids and other
 assets 

(7,682 

1,596 

(6,086 

Income taxes
 payable/refundable 

3,855 

21 

3,876 

Checks issued in
 excess of bank balance 

1,716 

1,716 

Accounts payable 

(13,001 

4,733 

(8,268 

Accrued expenses
 and other liabilities 

(14,349 

1,435 

(12,914 

Payable to
 affiliates 

3,609 

(179 

(3,691 

(261 

Net cash from
 operating activities 

39,824 

18,208 

58,032 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Capital
 expenditures 

(13,951 

(6,277 

(20,228 

Proceeds from
 sales of property, plant and equipment 

2,020 

19 

2,039 

Net cash from
 investing activities 

(11,931 

(6,258 

(18,189 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Dividends and
 distributions 

(11,791 

(13,968 

(25,759 

Payments on
 capital lease obligation 

(58 

(58 

Debt payments 

(6,000 

(6,000 

Net (payments to)
 collections from affiliates on notes 

(15,308 

645 

(14,663 

Net cash from
 financing activities 

(33,099 

(13,381 

(46,480 

Effect of changes in
 foreign exchange rates on cash 

(1,772 

(1,772 

Net
 change in cash and cash equivalents 

(5,206 

(3,203 

(8,409 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Beginning of
 period 

5,206 

12,569 

17,775 

End of period 

9,366 

9,366 

F- 56 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

 NOTE
25 CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION
(Continued) 

 Indalex Combined
Statement of Income Guarantor and Non-Guarantor 
Year Ended December 31, 2004 (Predecessor 1) 

Parent 

Guarantor 

Non-Guarantor 

Company 

Company 

Company 

Eliminations 

Combined 

Net
 sales 

653,365 

312,850 

(33,519 

932,696 

Costs and
 expenses: 

Cost of sales 

607,582 

280,323 

(33,519 

854,386 

Selling, general, and administrative 

38,331 

14,288 

52,619 

Management fees to affiliates 

2,175 

596 

2,771 

Other expense 

1,957 

341 

2,298 

Restructuring charge 

4,830 

1,256 

6,086 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

2,728 

2,728 

Gain on disposal of assets 

(673 

(2 

(675 

Mark-to-market on derivatives 

(3,638 

(3,638 

Total costs and expenses 

653,292 

296,802 

(33,519 

916,575 

Income (loss) from operations 

73 

16,048 

16,121 

Other income
 (expense): 

Interest to affiliates, net 

(7,251 

(1,386 

(8,637 

External interest expense 

(132 

(132 

Interest income 

182 

182 

Income from equity method
 investment in AAG 

14,807 

14,807 

Dividend income from affiliates 

15,102 

15,102 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(7,310 

44,753 

37,443 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

(10,482 

4,674 

(5,808 

Income from continuing operations 

3,172 

40,079 

43,251 

Discontinued operations, including loss on disposal
 of 634 (net of tax benefit of 147) and net of tax of 486 

1,126 

1,126 

Net
 income 

3,172 

41,205 

44,377 

F- 57 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
25 CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION
(Continued) 

 Indalex
Combined Statement of Cash Flows Guarantor and Non-Guarantor 
Year Ended December 31, 2004 (Predecessor 1) 

Parent 

Guarantor 

Non-Guarantor 

Company 

Company 

Company 

Eliminations 

Combined 

Cash flows from operating
 activities 

Net income 

3,172 

41,205 

44,377 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net income to net cash from operating activities 

Depreciation 

25,168 

7,521 

32,689 

Gain on disposal
 of assets 

(673 

(2 

(675 

Impairment of
 long-lived assets 

2,728 

2,728 

Other 

30 

30 

Income from equity
 method investment in AAG 

(14,807 

(14,807 

Stock-based
 compensation 

1,401 

828 

2,229 

Deferred income
 taxes 

(1,057 

(666 

(1,723 

Changes in operating
 assets and liabilities 

Accounts
 receivable 

(22,787 

(7,837 

(30,624 

Receivable from
 affiliates 

1,643 

857 

(2,357 

143 

Inventories 

(2,667 

(5,341 

(8,008 

Prepaids and other
 assets 

316 

1,939 

2,255 

Income taxes
 payable/refundable 

2,078 

(3,255 

(1,177 

Accounts payable 

9,415 

7,078 

16,493 

Accrued expenses
 and other liabilities 

3,140 

802 

3,942 

Payable to
 affiliates 

(25 

(1,715 

2,357 

617 

Net cash from
 discontinued operations 

(1,126 

(1,126 

Net cash from
 operating activities 

21,852 

25,511 

47,363 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Capital
 expenditures 

(20,965 

(12,310 

(33,275 

Proceeds from
 sales of property, plant and equipment 

160 

5 

165 

Redemption of
 investment in affiliates 

32,872 

32,872 

Proceeds from
 sales of discontinued operations 

1,111 

1,111 

Net cash from
 investing activities 

(20,805 

21,678 

873 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Capital
 contributions 

151,500 

151,500 

Capital redemptions 

(40,612 

(40,612 

Dividends paid 

(8,000 

(8,000 

Net (payments to)
 collections from affiliates on notes 

(150,709 

10,793 

(139,916 

Net cash from
 financing activities 

(7,209 

(29,819 

(37,028 

Effect of changes in
 foreign exchange rates on cash 

(6,236 

(6,236 

Net
 change in cash and cash equivalents 

(6,162 

11,134 

4,972 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Beginning of year 

12,174 

6,376 

18,550 

End of year 

6,012 

17,510 

23,522 

F- 58 

INDALEX HOLDINGS FINANCE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 (Dollars in thousands) 

NOTE 26 SUBSEQUENT EVENT 

 On January 5, 2007, the Company announced the
closure of its aluminum extrusion facility located in Watsonville, California.
The facility will operate through April 2007. As a result of the closure, the
Company recorded an impairment on long-lived assets of 3,446 during the period
February 2, 2006 to December 31, 2006 based on the appraised values
of the assets expected to be disposed. The Watsonville plant has 99 full-time
employees. 

F- 59 

Audited Financial Statements 

 ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED 
 (Incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with limited
liability) 

 Years
ended June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

F- 60 

ASIA
ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED 

 CONTENTS 

Pages 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
 FIRM 

F-62 

AUDITED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS 

Consolidated: 

Income statements 

F-63 

Balance sheets 

F-64 

Statements of changes in equity 

F-65 - F-66 

Cash flow statements 

F-67 - F-68 

Notes to financial statements 

F-69 - F-111 

F- 61 

REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders 
Asia Aluminum Group Limited 
(Incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with limited liability) 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Asia Aluminum Group Limited (the Company and its subsidiaries (the
 Group as of June 30, 2006 and 2005 and the related consolidated income
statements, consolidated statements of changes in equity and consolidated cash
flow statements for each of the years ended June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. We were not engaged to perform an audit of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal
control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that
are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion. 

 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to
above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
position of the Group as of June 30, 2006 and 2005, and the consolidated
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended June 30, 2006, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in Hong Kong. 

 Accounting principles
generally accepted in Hong Kong vary in certain significant respects from
United States generally accepted accounting principles. Information relating to
the nature and effect of such differences is presented in note 34 to the
financial statements. 

 /s/ ERNST 
YOUNG 
Ernst Young 
Certified Public Accountants 

 Hong Kong 
October 10, 2006 

F- 62 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED 
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS 
Years ended June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

Notes 

2006 

2005 

2004 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

REVENUE 

5 

3,907,340 

3,408,800 

2,938,482 

Cost of sales and services provided 

(3,091,507 

(2,621,875 

(2,240,164 

Gross profit 

815,833 

786,925 

698,318 

Other income and gains, net 

5 

30,508 

56,800 

65,384 

Selling and
 distribution costs 

(102,305 

(91,478 

(76,755 

Administrative
 expenses 

(153,481 

(138,400 

(125,400 

Other operating
 expenses, net 

(5,210 

(1,883 

(24,040 

Finance costs 

7 

(145,865 

(96,407 

(50,210 

Share of losses
 of associates 

(2,324 

PROFIT BEFORE TAX 

6 

437,156 

515,557 

487,297 

Tax 

8 

(161,775 

(151,716 

(142,277 

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR 

275,381 

363,841 

345,020 

Attributable to: 

Equity holders of the Company 

9 

303,665 

378,369 

358,874 

Minority interests 

(28,284 

(14,528 

(13,854 

275,381 

363,841 

345,020 

DIVIDENDS 

10 

151,748 

143,549 

F- 63 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
June 30, 2006 and 2005 

Notes 

2006 

2005 

HK 000 

HK 000 

(Restated) 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

Property, plant and equipment 

11 

2,093,183 

1,415,574 

Prepaid land lease payment 

12 

2,511 

2,612 

Interests in associates 

15 

2,811 

91 

Deposits paid 

16 

21,143 

92,716 

Deferred tax assets 

8 

2,436 

2,436 

Total non-current assets 

2,122,084 

1,513,429 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Trade receivables 

24 

564,770 

555,666 

Inventories 

17 

389,390 

349,693 

Prepayments, deposits
 and other receivables 

121, 201 

178,561 

Due from related compan ies 

18 

126,138 

35,159 

Due from minority equity
 holders of subsidiaries 

19 

69 

69 

Due from fellow
 subsidiaries 

1 

99,871 

46,551 

Due from the immediate holding company 

1 

22,525 

33,929 

Deposits with a non-bank financial institution 

3,451 

13,642 

Cash and bank balances 

20 

2,735,705 

2,022,528 

Pledged bank deposits 

20, 24 

28,846 

38,606 

Total current assets 

4,091,966 

3,274,404 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Trade payables 

229,482 

174,840 

Accrued liabilities and
 other payables 

562,233 

368,567 

Derivative financial instruments 

21 

28,019 

Due to fellow
 subsidiaries 

1 

375,769 

29,418 

Due to the immediate
 holding company 

1 

1, 309,669 

1,134,023 

Due to minority equity
 holders/shareholders 

22 

50,942 

77,528 

Trust receipt loans 

24 

465,140 

278,656 

Interest-bearing bank
 and other loans 

23, 24 

476,123 

373,117 

Finance lease payables 

23, 25 

528 

398 

Tax payable 

117,174 

98,077 

Total current liabilities 

3,615,079 

2,534,624 

NET CURRENT ASSETS 

4 76,887 

739,780 

TOTAL ASSETS LESS
 CURRENT LIABILITIES 

2,598,971 

2,253,209 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Finance lease payables 

23, 25 

342,990 

172,691 

Net assets 

2,255,981 

2,080,518 

EQUITY 

Equity attributable to equity holders of the
 Company 

Issued capital 

2 6 

184 

184 

Share premium account 

625,847 

625,847 

Reserves 

2 7(a) 

1,623,807 

1,421,381 

2,249,838 

2,047,412 

Minority
 interests 

6,143 

33,106 

Total equity 

2,255,981 

2,080,518 

F- 64 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
Years ended June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

Attributable to equity holders of the Company 

Share 

Statutory 

Exchange 

Statutory 

Proposed 

Issued 

premium 

Capital 

surplus 

fluctuation 

public 

Retained 

final 

Minority 

Total 

capital 

account 

reserve 

reserve 

reserve 

welfare fund 

profits 

dividend 

Total 

interests 

equity 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

At July 1,
 2003 

184 

625,847 

74,467 

130,217 

(5,213 

12,840 

615,875 

104,662 

1,558,879 

61,488 

1,620,367 

Exchange realignment and
 total income and expenses for the year recognised directly in equity 

(499 

(499 

(499 

Profit for the year 

358,874 

358,874 

(13,854 

345,020 

Total income and expense for the year 

(499 

358,874 

358,375 

(13,854 

344,521 

2003 dividend declared 

(104,662 

(104,662 

(104,662 

Proposed 2004 dividend 

(143,549 

143,549 

Transfer to statutory surplus reserve 

45,499 

(45,499 

At June 30,
 2004 and July 1, 2004 

184 

625,847 

74,467 

175,716 

(5,712 

12,840 

785,701 

143,549 

1,812,592 

47,634 

1,860,226 

F- 65 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Continued) Years ended June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

Attributable to equity holders of the Company 

Share 

Statutory 

Exchange 

Statutory 

Proposed 

Issued 

premium 

Capital 

surplus 

fluctuation 

public 

Retained 

final 

Minority 

Total 

capital 

account 

reserve 

reserve 

reserve 

welfare fund 

profits 

dividend 

Total 

interests 

equity 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 # 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

At June 30, 2004 and July 1, 2004 

184 

625,847 

74,467 

175,716 

(5,712 

12,840 

785,701 

143,549 

1,812,592 

47,634 

1,860,226 

Profit for the year 

378,369 

378,369 

(14,528 

363,841 

200 4 dividend declared 

(143,549 

(143,549 

(143,549 

Transfer to statutory surplus reserve 

32,769 

(32,769 

At June 30, 2005 and July 1, 2005 

184 

625,847 

74,467 

208,485 

(5,712 

12,840 

1,131,301 

2,047,412 

33,106 

2,080,518 

Exchange realignment and total
 income and expenses for the year recognised directly in equity 

50,509 

50,509 

1,321 

51,830 

Profit for the year 

303,665 

303,665 

(28,284 

275,381 

Total income and expense for
 the year 

50,509 

303,665 

354,174 

(26,963 

327,211 

200 5 dividend paid 

(151,748 

(151,748 

(151,748 

Transfer to statutory surplus reserve 

41,792 

(41,792 

At June 30, 2006 

184 

625,847 

74,467 

250,277 

44,797 

12,840 

1,241,426 

2,249,838 

6,143 

2,255,981 

# Included in the balances of retained profits at
June 30, 2006 was an amount of accumulated loss of HK 2,324,000 (2005: Nil;
2004: Nil) attributable to associates. 

 Total reserves of the Group attributable to
equity holders of the Company at June 30, 2006 amounted to HK 1,623,807,000
(2005: HK 1,421,381,000; 2004: HK 1,043,012,000). 

F- 66 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED 
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENTS 
Years ended June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

Notes 

2006 

2005 

2004 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

(Restated) 

(Restated) 

CASH FLOWS FROM
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Profit before tax 

437,156 

515,557 

487,297 

Adjustments for: 

Finance costs 

7 

145,865 

96,407 

50,210 

Interest income 

5 

(16,847 

(17,214 

(11,902 

Share of losses of associates 

2,324 

Impairment/(write-back of impairment) for doubtful
 debts, net 

6 

(9,097 

(1,600 

24,040 

Loss on disposal/write-off of items of property,
 plant and equipment, net 

6 

28,641 

16,040 

14,092 

Fair value losses on trading of forward contracts,
 net 

5 

31,152 

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 

6 

130,423 

127,787 

95,140 

Amortisation of a prepaid land lease payment 

6 

157 

154 

154 

Operating profit
 before working capital changes 

749,774 

737,131 

659,031 

Increase in trade receivables 

(7 

(12,040 

(118,552 

Increase in
 inventories 

(39,697 

(6,639 

(53,728 

Decrease in
 prepayments, deposits and other receivables 

57,363 

72,663 

42,720 

Decrease/(increase)
 in amounts due from related companies 

(90,979 

1,023 

(14,350 

Decrease in
 amounts due from minority equity holders of subsidiaries 

67,841 

Increase/(decrease)
 in trade payables 

54,642 

(88,662 

30,758 

Increase in
 accrued liabilities and other payables 

193,666 

116,504 

77,001 

Increase/(decrease)
 in trust receipt loans 

186,484 

(138,839 

(101,286 

Increase/(decrease)
 in amounts due to minority equity holders/shareholders 

(35,607 

27,457 

(35,480 

Cash generated
 from operations 

1,075,639 

776,439 

486,114 

Interest paid 

7 

(127,375 

(92,582 

(50,045 

Interest element
 on finance lease rental payments 

7 

(18,490 

(3,825 

(165 

Overseas tax paid 

(142,678 

(161,490 

(121,927 

Net cash inflow from
 operating activities 

787,096 

518,542 

313,977 

F-67 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP
LIMITED 
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENTS (Continued) 
Years ended June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

Notes 

2006 

2005 

2004 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

(Restated) 

(Restated) 

CASH FLOWS FROM
 INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchases of
 items of property, plant and equipment 

(547,850 

(440,730 

(156,829 

Proceeds from
 disposal of items of property, plant and equipment 

2,413 

9 

527 

Deposits refunded/(paid) 

3,442 

(35,040 

(61,892 

Capital injection
 to an associate 

(4 

Advances to an
 associate 

(5,044 

(87 

Interest received 

16,847 

17,214 

11,902 

Decrease in
 pledged bank deposits 

9,760 

36,723 

(37,665 

Net cash outflow
 from investing activities 

(520,432 

(421,915 

(243,957 

CASH FLOWS FROM
 FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

New bank loans 

473,263 

320,386 

557,251 

New other loans 

3,767 

Repayment of bank
 loans 

(370,257 

(420,715 

(235,970 

Repayment of
 other loans 

(3,767 

(3,230 

Capital element
 of finance lease rental payments 

(773 

(473 

(8,641 

Settlement for
 forward contracts 

(3,133 

Advances from/(repayment
 to) related companies 

(25,452 

25,452 

Advances from/(repayment
 to) the immediate holding 
 company, net 

28 

(b) 

82,275 

(141,681 

622,566 

Advances from
 fellow subsidiaries 

266,589 

86,012 

5,209 

Dividends paid 

(37,952 

(44,431 

(26,176 

Net cash inflow/(outflow)
 from financing activities 

410,012 

(230,121 

940,228 

NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH 
 EQUIVALENTS 

676,676 

(133,494 

1,010,248 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

2,036,170 

2,169,664 

1,159,915 

Effect of foreign
 exchange rate changes, net 

26,310 

(499 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR 

2,739,156 

2,036,170 

2,169,664 

ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF
 CASH AND CASH 
 EQUIVALENTS 

Cash and bank
 balances 

2,735,705 

2,022,528 

1,866,556 

Deposits with a
 non-bank financial institution 

3,451 

13,642 

203,588 

Non-pledged time
 deposits with original maturity of less than 
 three months when acquired 

99,520 

2,739,156 

2,036,170 

2,169,664 

F- 68 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

 1. CORPORATE INFORMATION 

 The registered office of
the Company is located at 3rd Floor, Omar Hodge Building, Wickhams Cay I,
PO Box 362, Road Town, Tortola, the British Virgin Islands. 

 The principal activity of
the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of the Group
consist of the manufacture and sale of aluminum and stainless steel products
and the provision of design and testing services for aluminum products. 

 The Company is a
subsidiary of Asia Aluminum Holdings Limited AAHL ), a company incorporated
in Bermuda. The directors consider AA Investments Limited AAIL ), a company
incorporated in Bermuda, as the Company s ultimate holding company as at June 30,
2006. 

 During each of the three
years ended June 30, 2006, the Company and its subsidiaries had
transactions with other members of the AAIL group and these financial
statements reflect the effect of these transactions. 

 Except for an amount due
to the immediate holding company as at June 30, 2006 of HK 1,309,669,000 (2005: HK 1,134,023,000) which bears interest
at rates of 8 - 9 (2005: 8 - 9 per annum, the balances with
group companies are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed terms of
repayment. 

 2.1 BASIS
OF PREPARATION 

 These financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards HKFRSs (which also include Hong Kong Accounting Standards HKASs and
Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants, accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been
prepared under the historical cost convention, except for derivative financial
instruments, which have been measured at fair value. These financial statements
are presented in Hong Kong dollars and all values are rounded to the nearest
thousand (HK 000) except when otherwise indicated. 

 Basis of
consolidation 

 The consolidated financial
statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
for each of the three years ended June 30, 2006. The results of
subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on
which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date
that such control ceases. All significant intercompany transactions and
balances within the Group are eliminated on consolidation. 

 The acquisition of
subsidiaries during the year has been accounted for using the purchase method
of accounting. This method involves allocating the cost of the business
combinations to the fair value of the assets acquired, and liabilities and
contingent liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition. The cost of the
acquisition is measured at the aggregate of the fair value of the assets given,
equity instruments issued and liabilities incurred or assumed at the date of
exchange, plus costs directly attributable to the acquisition. 

 Minority interests
represent the interests of outside shareholders in the results and net assets
of the Company s subsidiaries. 

F- 69 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

2.2 IMPACT
OF NEW AND REVISED HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS 

 The
following new and revised HKFRSs affect the Group and are adopted for the first
time for the current year s financial statements: 

HKAS 1 

Presentation of
 Financial Statements 

HKAS 2 

Inventories 

HKAS 7 

Cash Flow Statements 

HKAS 8 

Accounting Policies,
 Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors 

HKAS 10 

Events after the Balance
 Sheet Date 

HKAS 12 

Income Taxes 

HKAS 14 

Segment Reporting 

HKAS 16 

Property, Plant and
 Equipment 

HKAS 17 

Leases 

HKAS 18 

Revenue 

HKAS 19 

Employee Benefits 

HKAS 20 

Accounting for
 Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance 

HKAS 21 

The Effects of Changes
 in Foreign Exchange Rates 

HKAS 23 

Borrowing Costs 

HKAS 24 

Related Party
 Disclosures 

HKAS 27 

Consolidated and
 Separate Financial Statements 

HKAS 28 

Investments in
 Associates 

HKAS 32 

Financial Instruments:
 Disclosure and Presentation 

HKAS 36 

Impairment of Assets 

HKAS 37 

Provisions, Contingent
 Liabilities and Contingent Assets 

HKAS 38 

Intangible Assets 

HKAS 39 

Financial Instruments:
 Recognition and Measurement 

HKAS 39 Amendment 

Transition and Initial
 Recognition of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities 

HKFRS 2 

Share-based Payment 

HKFRS 3 

Business Combinations 

HK-Int 4 

Leases Determination of
 the Length of Lease Term in respect of Hong Kong Land Leases 

The adoption of HKASs 2,
7, 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18, 19, 20, 21, 23, 27, 28, 37, 38, HKFRS 2 and HK-Int 4
has had no material impact on the accounting policies of the Group and the
Company and the methods of computation in the Group s and the Company s
financial statements. 

 HKAS 1 has affected the presentation of minority
interests on the face of the consolidated balance sheet, consolidated income
statement, consolidated statement of changes in equity and other disclosures. In
addition, in prior periods, the Group s share of tax attributable to associates
was presented as a component of the Group s total tax charge/(credit) in the
consolidated income statement. Upon the 

F- 70 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

2.2 IMPACT OF NEW AND REVISED HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
STANDARDS 

 adoption
of HKAS 1, the Group s share of the post-acquisition results of associates
is presented net of the Group s share of tax attributable to associates. 

 HKAS 24 has expanded
the definition of related parties and affected the Group s related party
disclosures. 

 The
impact of adopting the other HKASs/HKFRSs is summarised as follows: 

 (a) HKAS 17 Leases 

 In prior years, leasehold
land and buildings held for own use were stated at cost less accumulated
depreciation and any impairment losses. 

 Upon the adoption of HKAS 17,
the Group s leasehold interest in land and buildings is separated into
leasehold land and buildings. The Group s leasehold land is classified as an
operating lease, because the title of the land is not expected to pass to the
Group by the end of the lease term, and is reclassified from property, plant
and equipment to prepaid land lease payments, while buildings continue to be
classified as part of property, plant and equipment. Prepaid land premiums for
land lease payments under operating leases are initially stated at cost and
subsequently amortised on the straight-line basis over the lease term. When the
lease payments cannot be allocated reliably between the land and buildings
elements, the entire lease payments are included in the cost of the land and
buildings as a finance lease in property, plant and equipment. 

 This change in accounting
policy has had no effect on the consolidated income statement and retained
profits. The comparative amount of HK 2,612,000 for the year ended June 30,
2005 in the consolidated balance sheet has been restated to reflect the
reclassification of leasehold land. 

 (b) HKAS 32
and HKAS 39 Financial Instruments 

 Derivative
financial instruments 

 In prior years, the Group
entered into various derivative financial instruments to manage its commodity
price and foreign currency exposures. From July 1, 2005, derivative
financial instruments, including forward foreign currency contracts and
aluminum forward contracts are initially recognised at fair value on the date
on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently re-measured
at their fair values. Since the derivative financial instruments did not meet
the criteria for hedge accounting, they are classified as financial assets or
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss and changes in the fair value
of any derivative instruments are recognised immediately in the income
statement. 

 This change in accounting
policy has had no effect on the consolidated income statement and retained
profits. In accordance with the transitional provisions of HKAS 39,
comparative amounts have not been restated. 

 (c) HKFRS 3 Business
Combinations and HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets 

 In prior years, goodwill
arising on acquisitions prior to July 1, 2001 was eliminated against the
consolidated capital reserve in the year of acquisition and was not recognised
in the consolidated income statement until disposal or impairment of the
acquired business. 

F- 71 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

2.2 IMPACT OF NEW AND REVISED HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
STANDARDS 

 (c) HKFRS 3 Business
Combinations and HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets (continued) 

 In accordance with the transitional provision of HKFRS 3,
goodwill previously eliminated against the consolidated capital reserve remains
eliminated against the consolidated capital reserve and is not recognised in
the income statement when all or part of the business to which the goodwill
relates is disposed of or when a cash-generating unit to which the goodwill
relates becomes impaired. 

 This change in accounting
policy has had no significant effect on the consolidated financial statements. In
accordance with HKFRS 3, the accounting policy applied in respect of
goodwill relating to acquisitions for which the agreement date is on or after
January 1, 2005 is explained in note 2.4 in the financial statements. 

 2.3 IMPACT
OF ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS 

 The
Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRSs, that have been
issued but are not yet effective, in these financial statements. Unless
otherwise stated, these HKFRSs are effective for annual periods beginning on July 1,
2006: 

HKAS 1 Amendment 

Capital Disclosures 

HKAS 19 Amendment 

Actuarial Gains and Losses, Group Plans and
 Disclosures 

HKAS 39 Amendment 

Cash Flow Hedge Accounting of Forecast Intragroup
 Transactions 

HKAS 39 Amendment 

The Fair Value Option 

HKAS 39 
 HKFRS 4 Amendments 

Financial Guarantee Contracts 

HKFRS 7 

Financial Instruments: Disclosures 

The HKAS 1 Amendment
shall be applied for annual periods beginning on July 1, 2007. The revised
standard will affect the disclosures about qualitative information about the
Group s objective, policies and processes for managing capital; quantitative
data about what the Company regards as capital; and compliance with any capital
requirements and the consequences of any non-compliance. 

 HKFRS 7 requires disclosures
relating to financial instruments and incorporates many of the disclosure
requirements of HKAS 32 relating to financial instruments. This HKFRS
shall be applied for annual periods beginning on July 1, 2007. 

 In accordance with the
amendments to HKAS 39 regarding financial guarantee contracts, financial
guarantee contracts are initially recognised at fair value and are subsequently
measured at the higher of (i) the amount determined in accordance with HKAS 37
and (ii) the amount initially recognised, less, when appropriate,
cumulative amortisation recognised in accordance with HKAS 18. 

 Except as stated above,
the Group expects that the adoption of the pronouncements listed above will not
have any significant impact on the Group s financial statements in the period
of initial application. 

F- 72 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

2.4 SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 Subsidiaries 

 A subsidiary is an entity whose financial and
operating policies the Company controls, directly or indirectly, so as to
obtain benefits from its activities. 

 The results of
subsidiaries are included in the Company s income statement to the extent of
dividends received and receivable. The Company s interests in subsidiaries are
stated at cost less any impairment losses. 

 Joint ventures 

 A joint venture is an entity set up by contractual
arrangement, whereby the Group and other parties undertake an economic activity.
The joint venture operates as a separate entity in which the Group and the
other parties have an interest. 

 The joint venture agreement between the venturers
stipulates the capital contributions of the joint venture parties, the duration
of the joint venture entity and the basis on which the assets are to be
realised upon its dissolution. The profits and losses from the joint venture s
operations and any distributions of surplus assets are shared by the venturers,
either in proportion to their respective capital contributions, or in
accordance with the terms of the joint venture agreement. 

 A joint venture is
treated as: 

 (a) a subsidiary, if the
Group has unilateral control, directly or indirectly, over the joint venture; 

 (b) a jointly-controlled
entity, if the Group does not have unilateral control, but has joint control,
directly or indirectly, over the joint venture; 

 (c) an associate, if the
Group does not have unilateral or joint control, but holds, directly or
indirectly, generally not less than 20 of the joint venture s registered
capital and is in a position to exercise significant influence over the joint
venture; or 

 (d) an
equity investment accounted for in accordance with HKAS 39, if the Group
holds, directly or indirectly, less than 20 of the joint venture s registered
capital and has neither joint control of, nor is in a position to exercise
significant influence over, the joint venture. 

 An associate is an entity, not being a subsidiary, in
which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 20 of the
equity voting rights and over which it is in a position to exercise significant
influence. 

 The Group s share of the
post-acquisition results and reserves of associates is included in the
consolidated income statement and consolidated reserves, respectively. The
Group s interests in associates are stated in the consolidated balance sheet at
the Group s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any
impairment losses. 

F- 73 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 Goodwill 

 Goodwill arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries
represents the excess of the cost of the business combination over the Group s
interest in the net fair value of the acquirees identifiable assets acquired,
and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed as at the date of
acquisition. 

 Goodwill on
acquisitions for which the agreement date is on or after January 1, 2005 

 Goodwill arising on acquisition is recognised in the
consolidated balance sheet as an asset, initially measured at cost and
subsequently at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. 

 The carrying amount of goodwill is reviewed for
impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. 

 For the purpose of
impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the
acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group s cash-generating units, or
groups of cash-generating units, that are expected to benefit from the
synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or
liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units. Each
unit or group of units to which the goodwill is so allocated: 

 represents
the lowest level within the Group at which the goodwill is monitored for
internal management purposes; and 

 is
not larger than a segment based on either the Group s primary or the Group s
secondary reporting format determined in accordance with HKAS 14 Segment
Reporting . 

 Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable
amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating units) to which
the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit
(group of cash-generating units) is less than the carrying amount, an
impairment loss is recognised. 

 Where goodwill forms part of a cash-generating unit
(group of cash-generating units) and part of the operation within that unit is
disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included
in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on
disposal of the operation. Goodwill disposed of in this circumstance is
measured based on the relative values of the operation disposed of and the
portion of the cash-generating unit retained. 

 An impairment loss
recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period. 

 Goodwill previously
eliminated against the consolidated reserves 

 Prior to the adoption of
Hong Kong Statement of Standard Accounting Practice SSAP 30 Business
Combinations in 2001, goodwill arising on acquisition was eliminated against
the consolidated capital reserve in the year of acquisition. On the adoption of
HKFRS 3, such goodwill remains eliminated against the consolidated capital
reserve and is not recognised in the income statement when all or part of the
business to which the goodwill relates is disposed of or when a cash-generating
unit to which the goodwill relates becomes impaired. The amount remaining in
the consolidated capital reserve is disclosed in note 13 to the financial
statements. 

F- 74 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 Impairment of assets 

 Where an indication
of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is
required (other than financial assets, inventories, deferred tax assets and
goodwill), the asset s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset s recoverable
amount is calculated as the higher of the asset s or cash-generating unit s
value in use and its fair value less costs to sell, and is determined for an
individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are
largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which
case, the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to
which the asset belongs. 

 An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying
amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In assessing value in use,
the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a
pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time
value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is
charged to the income statement in the period in which it arises . 

 An assessment is made at
each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that previously
recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such
indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised
impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has
been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that
asset, however not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have
been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation), had no impairment loss
been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such impairment
loss is credited to the income statement in the period in which it arises. 

 Related parties 

 A party is considered to be related to the Group if
the party: 

 (a) directly or indirectly
through one or more intermediaries, (i) controls, is controlled by, or is
under common control with, the Group; (ii) has an interest in the Group
that gives it significant influence over the Group; or (iii) has joint
control over the Group; 

 (b) is an associate; 

 (c) is a jointly-controlled
entity; 

 (d) is a member of the key
management personnel of the Group or its holding companies; 

 (e) is a close member of the
family of any individual referred to in (a) or (d); 

 (f) is an entity that is
controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by or for which
significant voting power in such entity resides with, directly or indirectly,
any individual referred to in (d) or (e); or 

 (g) is
a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of the employees of the Group,
or of any entity that is a related party of the Group. 

F- 75 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

 2.4 SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 Property, plant and equipment and depreciation 

 Property, plant and equipment, other than construction
in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any
impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment
comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing
the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use. Expenditure
incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into
operation, such as repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to the income
statement in the period in which it is incurred. In situations where it can be
clearly demonstrated that the expenditure has resulted in an increase in the
future economic benefits expected to be obtained from the use of an item of
property, plant and equipment, and where the cost of the item can be measured
reliably, the expenditure is capitalised as an additional cost of that asset or
as a replacement. 

 Depreciation
is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of
property, plant and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful
life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as follows: 

Buildings 

5 or over lease terms, whichever is shorter 

Plant and machinery 

6.25 

Moulds 

12.5 to 20 

Furniture and fixtures 

10 

Office equipment 

16.67 

Motor vehicles 

16.67 

Where parts of an item of property, plant and
equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is allocated on a
reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. 

 Residual values, useful lives and depreciation method
are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each balance sheet date. 

 An item of property, plant and equipment is
derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected
from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised
in the income statement in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference
between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset. 

 Construction in progress
represents the costs incurred in connection with the construction of property,
plant and equipment less any impairment losses and is not depreciated. Cost
comprises the direct costs incurred during the period of construction and
installation and capitalised borrowing costs on related borrowed funds during
the period of construction. Construction in progress is reclassified to the
appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready
for use. 

 Leases 

 Leases that transfer substantially all the rewards and
risks of ownership of assets to the Group, other than legal title, are
accounted for as finance leases. At the inception of a finance lease, the cost
of the leased asset is capitalised at the present value of the minimum lease
payments and recorded together with 

F- 76 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 Leases (continued) 

 the obligation, excluding
the interest element, to reflect the purchase and financing. Assets held under
capitalised finance leases are included in property, plant and equipment, and
depreciated over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives
of the assets. The finance costs of such leases are charged to the income
statement so as to provide a constant periodic rate of charge over the lease
terms. 

 Assets acquired through hire purchase contracts of a
financing nature are accounted for as finance leases, but are depreciated over
their estimated useful lives. 

 Leases where substantially all the rewards and risks
of ownership of assets remain with the lessor are accounted for as operating
leases. Where the Group is the lessor, assets leased by the Group under
operating leases are included in non-current assets, and rentals receivable
under the operating leases are credited to the income statement on the
straight-line basis over the lease terms. Where the Group is the lessee, rentals
payable under the operating leases are charged to the income statement on the
straight-line basis over the lease terms. 

 Prepaid land lease
payments under operating leases are initially stated at cost and subsequently
recognised on the straight-line basis over the lease terms. 

 Investments and other financial assets (applicable to
the year ended June 30, 2006) 

 Financial assets in the scope of HKAS 39 are
classified as either financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and
loans and receivables as appropriate. When financial assets are recognised
initially, they are measured at fair value, plus, in the case of investments
not at fair value through profit or loss, directly attributable transaction
costs. The Group determines the classification of its financial assets after
initial recognition and, where allowed and appropriate, re-evaluates this
designation at the balance sheet date. 

 All regular way purchases
and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, i.e., the date
that the Group commits to purchase the asset. Regular way purchases or sales
are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets
within the period generally established by regulation or convention in the
marketplace. 

 Financial assets at
fair value through profit or loss 

 Financial assets
classified as held for trading are included in the category financial assets
at fair value through profit or loss . Financial assets are classified as held
for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of sale in the near term. Derivatives
are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated and
effective hedging instruments. Gains or losses on investments held for trading
are recognised in the income statement. 

 Loans and
receivables 

 Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial
assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active
market. Such assets are carried at amortised cost using the effective interest
method. Gains and losses are recognised in the income statement when the loans
and receivables are derecognised or impaired, as well as through the
amortisation process. 

F- 77 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 Investments
and other financial assets (applicable to the year ended June 30, 2006) (continued) 

 Fair value 

 The fair value of investments that are actively traded
in organised financial markets is determined by reference to quoted market bid
prices at the close of business at the balance sheet date. For investments
where there is no active market, fair value is determined using valuation
techniques. Such techniques include using recent arm s length market
transactions; reference to the current market value of another instrument which
is substantially the same; a discounted cash flow analysis; and option pricing
models. 

 Impairment of financial assets (applicable to the year
ended June 30, 2006) 

 The Group assesses at each
balance sheet date whether there is any objective evidence that a financial
asset or a group of financial assets is impaired. 

 Assets carried at
amortised cost 

 If there is objective evidence that an impairment loss
on loans and receivables carried at amortised cost has been incurred, the
amount of the loss is measured as the difference between the asset s carrying
amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows (excluding future
credit losses that have not been incurred) discounted at the financial asset s
original effective interest rate (i.e., the effective interest rate computed at
initial recognition). The carrying amount of the asset is reduced either
directly or through the use of an allowance account. The amount of the
impairment loss is recognised in the income statement. 

 The Group first assesses whether objective evidence of
impairment exists individually for financial assets that are individually
significant, and individually or collectively for financial assets that are not
individually significant. If it is determined that no objective evidence of
impairment exists for an individually assessed financial asset, whether
significant or not, the asset is included in a group of financial assets with
similar credit risk characteristics and that group is collectively assessed for
impairment. Assets that are individually assessed for impairment and for which
an impairment loss is or continues to be recognised are not included in a
collective assessment of impairment. 

 If, in a subsequent
period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases and the decrease can be
related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment was recognised,
the previously recognised impairment loss is reversed. Any subsequent reversal
of an impairment loss is recognised in the income statement, to the extent that
the carrying value of the asset does not exceed its amortised cost at the reversal
date. 

 Derecognition of financial assets (applicable to the
year ended June 30, 2006) 

 A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a
financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is derecognised
where: 

 the rights to
receive cash flows from the asset have expired; 

F- 78 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 Derecognition of financial assets (applicable to the
year ended June 30, 2006) (continued) 

 the Group
retains the rights to receive cash flows from the asset, but has assumed an
obligation to pay in full without material delay to a third party under a pass-through 
arrangement; or 

 the Group has
transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset and either (a) has
transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) has
neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the
asset, but has transferred control of the asset. 

 Where the Group has transferred its rights to receive
cash flows from an asset and has neither transferred nor retained substantially
all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset,
the asset is recognised to the extent of the Group s continuing involvement in
the asset. Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the
transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of
the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be
required to repay. 

 Where continuing
involvement takes the form of a written and/or purchased option (including a
cash-settled option or similar provision) on the transferred asset, the extent
of the Group s continuing involvement is the amount of the transferred asset
that the Group may repurchase, except in the case of a written put option
(including a cash-settled option or similar provision) on an asset measured at
fair value, where the extent of the Group s continuing involvement is limited
to the lower of the fair value of the transferred asset and the option exercise
price. 

 Interest-bearing loans and borrowings 

 All loans and borrowings are initially recognised at
the fair value of the consideration received less directly attributable
transaction costs. 

 After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and
borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest method. 

 Gains and losses are
recognised in net profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well
as through the amortisation process. 

 Derecognition of financial liabilities (applicable to
the year ended June 30, 2006) 

 A financial
liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged
or cancelled, or expires. 

 When an existing financial
liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially
different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially
modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the
original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference
between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the income statement. 

 Derivative financial instruments and hedging
(applicable to the year ended June 30, 2006) 

 The Group uses derivative financial instruments such
as forward currency contracts to hedge its risks associated with foreign
currency fluctuations. Such derivative financial instruments are initially
recognised 

F- 79 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 Derivative financial instruments and hedging
(applicable to the year ended June 30, 2006) (continued) 

 at fair value on the date
on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured
at fair value. Derivatives are carried as assets when the fair value is
positive and as liabilities when the fair value is negative. 

 Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value
on derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are taken directly to
the income statement for the year. 

 The fair value of forward
currency contracts is calculated by reference to current forward exchange rates
for contracts with similar maturity profiles. 

 Inventories 

 Inventories are stated at
the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the weighted
average basis and, in the case of work in progress and finished goods,
comprises direct materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of
overheads. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any
estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal. 

 Government grants 

 Government grants are
recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the
grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When
the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income over the
periods necessary to match the grant on a systematic basis to the costs that it
is intended to compensate. Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value
is deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and released to the income
statement by way of a reduced depreciation charge. 

 Revenue recognition 

 Revenue is
recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the
Group and when the revenue can be measured reliably, on the following bases: 

 (a) from the sale of goods,
when the significant risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred to
the buyer, provided that the Group maintains neither managerial involvement to
the degree usually associated with ownership, nor effective control over the
goods sold; 

 (b) service income from the
rendering of design and testing services, on an accrual basis when the services
are rendered; 

 (c) interest income, an
accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that
discounts the estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the
financial instrument to the net carrying amount of the financial asset; 

 (d) dividend income, when the
shareholder s right to receive payment has been established; and 

F- 80 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 Revenue recognition (continued) 

 (e) net
gains or losses on forward contracts, in respect of all open contracts existing
at the balance sheet date by translating the contract amounts at the prices
ruling at the balance sheet date, and on all closed positions on the trade date
basis. 

 Dividends 

 Final dividends proposed by the directors are
classified as a separate allocation of retained profits within the equity
section of the balance sheet, until they have been approved by the shareholders
in a general meeting. When these dividends have been approved by the
shareholders and declared, they are recognised as a liability. 

 Interim dividends are
simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company s Bye-Laws grant the
directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim
dividends are recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and
declared. 

 Employee benefits 

 Paid leave carried
forward 

 The Group provides paid
annual leave to its employees under their employment contracts on a calendar
year basis. Under certain circumstances, such leave which remains untaken as at
the balance sheet date is permitted to be carried forward and utilised by the
respective employees in the following year. An accrual is made at the balance
sheet date for the expected future cost of such paid leave earned during the
year by the employees and carried forward. 

 Long service
payments 

 Certain of the
Group s employees have completed the required number of years of service to the
Group in order to be eligible for long service payments under the Hong Kong
Employment Ordinance in the event of the termination of their employment. The
Group is liable to make such payments in the event that such a termination of
employment meets the circumstances specified in the Hong Kong Employment
Ordinance. 

 A provision is recognised
in respect of the probable future long service payments expected to be made. The
provision is based on the best estimate of the probable future payments which
have been earned by the employees from their services to the Group to the
balance sheet date. 

 Pension schemes 

 The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory
Provident Fund retirement benefits scheme (the MPF Scheme under the Mandatory
Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for those employees who are eligible to
participate in the MPF Scheme. Contributions are made based on a percentage of
the employees basic salaries and are charged to the income statement as they
become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets
of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an
independently administered fund. The Group s employer contributions vest fully
with the 

F- 81 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

 2.4 SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 Employee benefits (continued) 

 employees when contributed
into the MPF Scheme, except for the Group s employer voluntary contributions,
which are refunded to the Group when an employee leaves employment prior to the
contributions vesting fully, in accordance with the rules of the MPF
Scheme. 

 The employees of the
Group s subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China (the PRC are required
to participate in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal
government, the assets of which are held separately from those of the Group.
These PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute certain percentage of their
respective payroll costs to the central pension scheme, which are charged to
the income statement as they become payable, in accordance with the
rules of the scheme. The employer contributions vest fully once they are
made. 

 Income tax 

 Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income
tax is recognised in the income statement, or in equity if it relates to items
that are recognised in the same or a different period directly in equity. 

 Current tax assets and liabilities for the current and
prior periods are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid
to the taxation authorities. 

 Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method,
on all temporary differences at the balance sheet date between the tax bases of
assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting
purposes. 

 Deferred tax
liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except: 

 where
the deferred tax liability arises from goodwill or the initial recognition of
an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and,
at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor
taxable profit or loss; and 

 in
respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
subsidiaries and associates, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary
differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences
will not reverse in the foreseeable future. 

 Deferred tax assets
are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carryforward of unused
tax credits and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that
taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary
differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses
can be utilised except: 

 where
the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises
from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is
not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither
the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and 

 in
respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in
subsidiaries and associates, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the
extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the
foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the
temporary differences can be utilised. 

F- 82 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

2.4 SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 Income
Tax (continued) 

 The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed
at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer
probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part
of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Conversely, previously unrecognised
deferred tax assets are reassessed at each balance sheet date and are
recognised to the extent that it is probable that sufficient taxable profit will
be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. 

 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at
the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is
realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that
have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date. 

 Deferred tax assets and
deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to
set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred
taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority. 

 Intangible assets (other than goodwill) 

 The useful lives of
intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible
assets with finite lives are amortised over the useful economic life and
assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible
asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for
an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each
balance sheet date. 

 Research and
development costs 

 All research costs are charged to the income statement
as incurred. 

 Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new
products is capitalised and deferred only when the Group can demonstrate the
technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be
available for use or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or
sell the asset, how the asset will generate future economic benefits, the
availability of resources to complete the project and the ability to measure
reliably the expenditure during the development. Product development
expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred. 

 Deferred development costs
are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised using the
straight-line basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products not
exceeding five years, commencing from the date when the products are put into
commercial production. 

 Borrowing costs 

 Borrowing costs directly
attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
assets, i.e., assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get
ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalised as part of the cost of
those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases when the assets
are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Investment income
earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their
expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs
capitalised. 

F- 83 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

2.4 SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 Borrowing
costs (continued) 

 These financial statements are presented in Hong Kong
dollars, which is the Company s functional and presentation currency. Each
entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included
in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional
currency. Foreign currency transactions are initially recorded using the
functional currency rates ruling at the date of the transactions. Monetary
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at
the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. All
differences are taken to the income statement. Non-monetary items that are
measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using
the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items
measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange
rates at the date when the fair value was determined. 

 The functional currencies of certain overseas
subsidiaries and associates are currencies other than the Hong Kong dollar. As
at the balance sheet date, the assets and liabilities of these entities are
translated into the presentation currency of the Company at the exchange rates
ruling at the balance sheet date and, their income statements are translated
into Hong Kong dollars at the weighted average exchange rates for the year. The
resulting exchange differences are included in the exchange fluctuation reserve
account. On disposal of a foreign entity, the
deferred cumulative amount recognised in the exchange fluctuation reserve
account relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the
income statement. 

 For the purpose of the
consolidated cash flow statement, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are
translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of
the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows of overseas subsidiaries which
arise throughout the year are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the weighted
average exchange rates for the year. 

 Provisions 

 A provision is recognised when a present obligation
(legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event and it is
probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the
obligation, provided that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
obligation. 

 When the effect of
discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present
value at the balance sheet date of the future expenditures expected to be
required to settle the obligation. The increase in the discounted present value
amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs in the
income statement. 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 For the purpose of the consolidated cash flow
statement, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and demand deposits,
and short term highly liquid investments which are readily convertible into
known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes
in value, and have a short maturity of generally within three months when
acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an
integral part of the Group s cash management. 

F- 84 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

2.4 SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 Cash and
cash equivalents (continued) 

 For the purpose of the
consolidated balance sheet, cash and bank balances comprise cash on hand and at
banks, including term deposits, which are not restricted as to use. 

 3. SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 

 Estimation uncertainty 

 The
key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation
uncertainty at the balance sheet date, that have a significant risk of causing
a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within
the next financial year, are discussed below. 

 Provision for
obsolete inventories 

 The management of the
Group reviews the aged analysis at each balance sheet date, and makes allowance
for obsolete and slow-moving inventory items identified that are no longer
suitable for use in production and sale. The management estimates the net
realisable value for such finished goods and work in progress based primarily
on the latest invoice prices and current market conditions. 

 Impairment
allowances for bad and doubtful debts 

 Impairment allowances for
bad and doubtful debts are made based on assessment of the recoverability of
trade receivables and other receivables. The identification of doubtful debts
requires management judgement and estimates. Where the actual outcome or
expectation in future is different from the original estimate, such differences
will impact the carrying value of the receivables and doubtful debt
expenses/write-back in the period in which such estimate has been changed. 

 4. RELATED PARTY
TRANSACTIONS 

 (a) The
Group had the following transactions with related parties during each of the
three years ended June 30, 2006 in addition to those disclosed elsewhere
in the financial statements: 

Notes 

2006 

2005 

2004 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Sales of finished
 goods to a shareholder: 
 Indalex Aluminum Solutions Group IASG 

(i) 

302,539 

139,234 

102,617 

Sales of finished goods to a company of which a
 director of a non wholly-owned subsidiary is also a director 

(ii) 

8,054 

10,805 

14,241 

Sales of raw materials to a fellow subsidiary 

(iii) 

20,258 

Sales of finished
 goods to fellow subsidiaries 

(iii) 

12,367 

F- 85 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

 4. RELATED PARTY
TRANSACTIONS (Continued) 

 (a) The
Group had the following transactions with related parties during each of the
three years ended June 30, 2006 in addition to those disclosed elsewhere
in the financial statements: (continued) 

Notes 

2006 

2005 

2004 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Sales of items of
 property, plant and equipment to fellow subsidiaries 

(iii 

22,908 

Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment
 from a fellow subsidiary 

(iii 

49,350 

Deposit received from a related company 

(iv 

25,424 

Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment from
 IASG 

(i 

778 

Consultancy fee paid to a former director of the 
 Company 

(v 

1,228 

Interest income
 received from minority equity holders of two non wholly-owned subsidiaries 

(vi 

6,748 

In addition to the foregoing, management fees in the
amount of HK 16,330,000
(2005: HK 16,330,000; 2004: HK 16,330,000) were
paid during the year ended June 30, 2006 by the Company and certain of its
subsidiaries, which are wholly-owned by the Company, to Asia Aluminum
Management Limited, a fellow subsidiary of the Company. These management fees
were paid on a cost-recovery basis. 

Notes: 

 (i) IASG comprises companies associated with Indalex UK Limited Indalex ), a
company which became the minority shareholder of the Company upon the
acquisition of a 26.2 equity interest in the Company on 8 June 2001. The
directors of the Company consider
that these transactions were made according to prices and other terms similar
to those offered to unrelated customers of the Group. 

 (ii) The directors of the Company consider that the sale of finished goods to a company, of
which a director of a non wholly-owned subsidiary is also a director, were made
according to prices and other terms similar to those offered to unrelated
customers of the Group. 

 (iii) The directors of the
Company consider that these transactions were made according to prices and
other terms similar to those offered to/from unrelated customers/suppliers of
the Group. 

 (iv) The deposit was received in respect of sale of finished goods to be
made. The directors of the Company consider that the sales to be made were according
to prices and other terms similar to those offered to unrelated customers of
the Group. 

F- 86 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

4. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued) 

 (v) Pursuant to a service agreement between the Group and a former
director of the Company on August 8, 2003, the consultancy fee was charged
at a monthly rate of HK 107,000. The directors of the Company consider that the
monthly consultancy fee was based on normal commercial terms. 

 (vi) The interest was received in respect of amounts due from minority equity
holders of subsidiaries at a fixed rate of 7.2 per annum. 

 Each of Guangdong Nanhua Aluminium
Factory Co., Ltd. Guangdong Nanhua and Foshan Nanhai Hongjia Aluminium
Materials and Stainless Steel Co., Ltd. Hongjia Aluminum ), the minority
equity holders of two subsidiaries of the Group, has granted the Group
the right to use certain underlying parcels of land and buildings on a
rent-free basis. Based on the legal advice, the directors of the Company
consider that the above arrangement is valid and legally binding under the
prevailing PRC applicable law and regulations. 

 At June 30, 2005,
cash maintained with bank accounts in the PRC under the name of associates of
two directors held on behalf of the Group amounted to HK 71,000. 

 (b) Compensation of key
management personnel of the Group: 

2006 

2005 

2004 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Short term
 employee benefits 

9,919 

8,533 

7,801 

Post-employment
 benefits 

Share-based
 payments 

Total compensation
 paid to key management personnel 

9,919 

8,533 

7,801 

Further details of
directors emoluments are included in note 6 to the financial statements. 

F- 87 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME
AND GAINS, NET 

 Revenue, which is also the Group s turnover, represents
the aggregate of net invoiced amounts, after allowances for returns and trade
discounts, from the sale of goods, the provision of design and testing services
for aluminum products and other business. 

 An analysis of the Group s
revenue, other income and gains, net is as follows: 

2006 

2005 

2004 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Revenue: 

Manufacture and
 sale of aluminum extrusion products 

3,775,414 

3,225,784 

2,493,619 

Manufacture and
 sale of stainless steel products 

123,153 

116,978 

353,057 

Manufacture and
 sale of aluminum panels 

7,066 

59,345 

74,867 

Provision of
 design and testing services for aluminum products 

1,707 

6,693 

16,939 

3,907,340 

3,408,800 

2,938,482 

Other income and gains, net: 

Interest income 

16,847 

17,214 

11,902 

Net gains on
 trading of forward contracts: 

Realised gains 

5,543 

38,849 

Unrealised gains/(losses) 

3,122 

(3,266 

Fair value losses
 on trading of forward contracts, net 

(31,152 

Management fee
 income from other AAIL group 
 companies 

10,800 

10,800 

10,800 

Sales of scrap
 materials 

10,621 

5,748 

3,809 

Exchange gains,
 net 

14,378 

Sundry income 

9,014 

14,373 

3,290 

30,508 

56,800 

65,384 

3,937,848 

3,465,600 

3,003,866 

F- 88 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

 6. PROFIT BEFORE TAX 

 The
Group s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting) the
following: 

2006 

2005 

2004 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

(Restated) 

(Restated) 

Cost of
 inventories sold 

3,090,306 

2,620,737 

2,237,284 

Cost of services
 provided 

1,201 

1,138 

2,880 

Depreciation of
 property, plant and equipment 

130,423 

127,787 

95,140 

Amortisation of a
 prepaid land lease payment 

157 

154 

154 

Directors remuneration: 

Fee 

Other emoluments 

4,875 

3,799 

5,437 

Employee benefits
 expense (excluding
 directors emoluments): 

Salaries and wages 

115,908 

101,046 

92,817 

Pension scheme contributions 

344 

369 

355 

116,252 

101,415 

93,172 

Auditors remuneration 

3,567 

2,249 

1,850 

Impairment/(write-back
 of impairment) for
 doubtful debts, net 

(9,097 

(1,600 

24,040 

Minimum lease
 payments under operating leases on land and buildings 

9,794 

9,062 

10,955 

Loss on
 disposal/write-off of items of property, plant and equipment, net 

28,641 

16,040 

14,092 

Exchange losses/(gains),
 net 

(14,378 

(806 

230 

Out of the total depreciation charge of HK 130,423,000 (2005: HK 127,787,000; 2004: HK 95,140,000), an
amount of HK 101,517,000 (2005:
HK 98,215,000; 2004: HK 72,494,000)
has been included in the cost of inventories sold. The cost of inventories sold
also included certain loss on disposal/write-off of items of property, plant
and equipment, net of HK 14,334,000 (2005: HK 16,040,000; 2004: HK 14,092,000). 

 7. FINANCE
COSTS 

2006 

2005 

2004 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Interest on bank
 loans, overdrafts and other loans wholly repayable within five years 

45,273 

38,447 

39,928 

Interest on
 finance leases 

18,490 

3,825 

165 

Interest on loans
 from the immediate holding company 

82,102 

54,135 

10,117 

145,865 

96,407 

50,210 

F- 89 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

8. TAX 

2006 

2005 

2004 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Group: 

Current Hong Kong 

Current Mainland China 

161,775 

152,486 

143,943 

Deferred tax 

(770 

(1,666 

Total tax charge
 for the year 

161,775 

151,716 

142,277 

No Hong Kong p rofits
tax has been provided as there
were no estimated assessable profits arising from the Group s operations in
Hong Kong during the year (2005: Nil; 2004: Nil). The statutory tax rate for
Hong Kong profits tax is 17.5 (2005: 17.5 ; 2004: 17.5 ). Taxes
on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the applicable rates of tax in the jurisdictions in which the Group
operates, based on existing legislation, interpretations and practices in
respect thereof. 

 The statutory tax rate for
the Mainland China corporate income tax is 33 (2005: 33 ; 2004: 33 ). Under the
relevant laws and regulations in the Mainland China, certain subsidiaries (the PRC
Subsidiaries of the Company operating in the Mainland China are exempted from
income tax for two years from their respective first profit-making year and are
eligible for a 50 reduction in income tax for the following three years. During
each of the three years ended June 30, 2006, provisions for income tax for
these subsidiaries have been made at the applicable reduced rate for the PRC
Subsidiaries. 

 A reconciliation of the
tax expense applicable to profit before tax using the statutory rates for the
countries in which the Company and its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax
expense at the effective tax rates is as follows: 

2006 

2005 

2004 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Profit before tax 

437,156 

515,557 

487,297 

Tax at the Mainland China s statutory rate of 33 

144,261 

170,134 

160,808 

Lower tax rate
 for Hong Kong and specific provinces in Mainland China 

(31,514 

(40,667 

(32,209 

Income not
 subject to tax 

(99 

(1,843 

(259 

Expenses not
 deductible for tax 

48,331 

23,391 

13,719 

Tax losses utilised
 from previous periods 

(1,054 

Increase in
 unutilised tax losses carried forward 

796 

701 

1,272 

Tax charge at the
 Group s effective rate 

161,775 

151,716 

142,277 

F- 90 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

8. TAX (Continued) 

 The
movements of the principal components of the Group s net deferred tax assets
are as follows: 

Impairment 

Fair value 

Accelerated 

for 

changes of 

depreciation 

doubtful 

forward 

allowances 

debts 

contracts 

Total 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

At July 1,
 2003 

Deferred tax
 credited/(charged) to the income statement during the year 

(240 

1,379 

527 

1,666 

At June 30, 2004 and
 July 1, 2004 

(240 

1,379 

527 

1,666 

Deferred tax credited/(charged) to the income statement during the
 year 

101 

1,787 

(1,118 

770 

At June 30, 2005 and
 July 1, 2005 

(139 

3,166 

(591 

2,436 

Deferred tax credited/(charged) to the income statement during the
 year 

At June 30, 2006 

(139 

3,166 

(591 

2,436 

The Group has unrecognised
tax losses arising in Hong Kong of HK 18,012,000 (2005: HK 1 8,517,000; 2004: HK 17,816,000) that are available indefinitely for
offsetting against future taxable profits of companies in which the losses
arose. Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these losses
as they have arisen in subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time. 

 9. PROFIT
ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY 

 The profit attributable to equity holders of the
Company for the year ended June 30, 2006 dealt with in the financial
statements of the Company was HK 230,076,000 (2005: loss of HK 76,605,000; 2004: profit of HK 143,812,000). 

 10. DIVIDENDS 

2006 

2005 

2004 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Interim: 

HK 64.28 (2005: Nil; 2004: Nil) per ordinary share 

151,748 

Proposed final: 

Nil (2005: Nil; 2004: HK 60.80) per ordinary share 

143,549 

151,748 

143,439 

F- 91 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

 11. PROPERTY,
PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 

Plant, 

Furniture 

Buildings 

Construction 

machinery 

and 

Office 

Motor 

in the PRC 

in progress 

and moulds 

fixtures 

equipment 

vehicles 

Total 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

June 30, 2006 

Cost: 

At July 1, 2005 
 (restated) 

200,204 

498,354 

1,251,726 

36,174 

25,077 

47,320 

2,058,855 

Additions 

3,774 

745,264 

80,120 

373 

1,174 

5,828 

836,533 

Disposals 

(972 

(44,675 

(271 

(73 

(3,924 

(49,915 

Write-off 

(5,931 

(28,964 

(1,485 

(36,380 

Transfer from construction in progress 

4,285 

(7,081 

2,618 

178 

Exchange adjustments 

4,295 

6,801 

25,300 

767 

496 

921 

38,580 

At June 30, 2006 

205,655 

1,243,338 

1, 286,125 

35,736 

26,674 

50,145 

2, 847,673 

Accumulated
 depreciation: 

At July 1, 2005 
 (restated) 

78,663 

491,290 

12,716 

21,670 

38,942 

643,281 

Provided during the 
 year 

14,525 

107,402 

2,280 

2,018 

4,198 

130,423 

Write-back on 
 disposals 

(19,621 

(265 

(3,235 

(23,121 

Write-off 

(3,985 

(5,058 

(169 

(9,212 

Exchange adjustments 

1,679 

9,969 

274 

428 

769 

13,119 

At June 30, 2006 

90,882 

583,982 

14,836 

24,116 

40,674 

754,490 

Net book value: 

At June 30, 2006 

114,773 

1,243,338 

702,14 3 

20,900 

2,558 

9,471 

2,093,18 3 

At June 30, 2005 (restated) 

121,541 

498,354 

760,436 

23,458 

3,407 

8,378 

1,415,574 

F- 92 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

11. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued) 

Plant, 

Furniture 

Buildings 

Construction 

machinery 

and 

Office 

Motor 

in the PRC 

in progress 

and moulds 

fixtures 

equipment 

vehicles 

Total 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

June 30,
 2005 

Cost: 

At July 1, 2004 
 (restated) 

186,159 

8,368 

1,166,229 

35,778 

22,863 

43,187 

1,462,584 

Additions 

10,883 

503,220 

96,563 

396 

2,214 

4,133 

617,409 

Disposals 

(335 

(335 

Write-off 

(20,803 

(20,803 

Transfer from construction in progress 

3,162 

(13,234 

10,072 

At June 30, 2005 

200,204 

498,354 

1,251,726 

36,174 

25,077 

47,320 

2,058,855 

Accumulated depreciation: 

At July 1, 2004 
 (restated) 

64,975 

393,554 

10,509 

19,797 

31,748 

520,583 

Provided during the year (restated) 

13,688 

102,825 

2,207 

1,873 

7,194 

127,787 

Write-back on 
 disposals 

(143 

(143 

Write-off 

(4,946 

(4,946 

At June 30, 2005 

78,663 

491,290 

12,716 

21,670 

38,942 

643,281 

Net book value: 

At June 30, 2005 (restated) 

121,541 

498,354 

760,436 

23,458 

3,407 

8,378 

1,415,574 

At June 30,
 2004 (restated) 

121,184 

8,368 

772,675 

25,269 

3,066 

11,439 

942,001 

The buildings are erected
on land situated in the PRC under operating leases which expire between the
years 2011 and 2016. 

 At June 30, 2006,
certain items of property, plant and equipment, mainly buildings in the PRC and
plant and machinery, with a total net book value of approximately HK 4,549,000 (2005: HK 4,892,000) and HK 19,064,000 (2005: HK 20,265,000), respectively, were
pledged as security for certain banking facilities granted to the Group as set
out in notes 23 and 24 to the financial statements. 

 The net book value of
assets held under finance leases included in the total amount of property, plant and equipment at June 30,
2006 amounted to HK 353,715,000
(2005: HK 173,208,000). 

 During
the year, certain plant and machinery and buildings in the PRC, amounting to HK 12,361,000
and HK 1,946,000, respectively, were written off because of the termination
plan of aluminum panel operation. 

F- 93 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

 1 2. PREPAID LAND LEASE PAYMENT 

2006 

2005 

HK 000 

HK 000 

(Restated) 

Cost: 

At the beginning of the year 

As previously reported 

Effect of adopting HKAS 17 

3,049 

3,049 

As restated 

3,049 

3,049 

Exchange adjustment 

65 

At June 30, 

3,114 

3,049 

Amortisation: 

At the beginning of the year 

As previously reported 

Effect of adopting HKAS 17 

283 

129 

As restated 

283 

129 

Recognised during the year 

157 

154 

Exchange adjustment 

6 

At June 30, 

446 

283 

Carrying amount at June 30, 

2,668 

2,766 

Current portion
 included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables 

(157 

(154 

Non-current
 portion 

2,511 

2,612 

The prepaid land lease payment is held under a medium
term lease and is situated in the PRC. 

 At June 30, 2006, certain item of land in the PRC
with a net book value of approximately HK 2,668,000 (2005: HK 2,766,000) was
pledged as security for the Group s bank loan amounting to HK 23,558,000 (2005:
HK 23,540,000), as further detailed in note 24 to financial statements. 

 Pursuant to an agreement and a supplementary agreement
entered into between AAHL and the local bureau of High-Tech Development Zone of
Zhaoqing City, Guangdong Province, the PRC Zhaoqing City in prior years,
AAHL has agreed to acquire 50 years land use rights to 10,300 mu
(approximately 6,867,000 square metres) of land located in the High-Tech
Development Zone at an aggregate consideration of RMB288,400,000 (approximately
HK 271,600,000). In turn, the local bureau of Zhaoqing City has agreed to
refund the whole consideration of RMB288,400,000 to AAHL or its subsidiaries as
compensation for the construction cost of basic infrastructure incurred by AAHL
or its subsidiaries. During the year ended June 30, 2006, AAHL assigned
the right to acquire 1,115 mu of the land use rights to the Group. 

 Accordingly, as at
June 30 2006, the Group has paid consideration of RMB31,220,000
(approximately HK 30,019,000), obtaining 1,115 mu of land use rights and its
related certificate. The local bureau of Zhaoqing City had refunded the same
amount to the Group. 

F- 94 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

1 3. GOODWILL 

 As further detailed in note
2.2 to the financial statements, the Group applied the transitional prov isions
of HKFRS 3 that permitted goodwill in respect of business combinations which
occurred prior to 2001, to remain eliminated against the consolidated capital
reserve. The amount of goodwill remaining in the consolidated capital reserve
arising from the acquisition of subsidiaries prior to the adoption of SSAP 30
in 2001, was HK 105,373,000 as at June 30, 2006 (2005: HK 105,373,000).
The amount of goodwill is stated at its cost. 

F- 95 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

 1 4. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES 

 Details
of principal subsidiaries are as follows: 

Place of 

Nominal
 value 

Percentage 

incorporation/ 

of issued 

of equity 

registration 

ordinary
 share/ 

attributable
 to 

Principal 

Name 

and
 operations 

paid-up
 capital 

the Company 

activities 

2006 

2005 

Directly held 

Asia Aluminum 

Manufacturing 

Company Limited 

Hong Kong 

HK 2 

100 

100 

Investment 

(note b) 

holding and 

trading of 

aluminum and 

stainless steel 

products 

Long Hing Profits 

Limited 

British Virgin 

US 1 

100 

100 

Investment 

Islands/Hong Kong 

(note b) 

holding and 

trading of 

aluminum panels 

and high grade 

aluminum 

extrusion products 

Pavillion Services 

Limited 

British Virgin 

US 200 

100 

100 

Trading of 

Islands/Hong Kong 

(note b) 

aluminum and 

stainless steel 

products 

Huge Spot Holdings 

Limited 

British Virgin 

US 1 

100 

100 

Investment 

Islands/Mainland 

(note b) 

holding 

China 

Kar Yip Holdings 

Limited 

British Virgin 

US 1 

100 

100 

Investment 

Islands/Mainland 

(note b) 

holding 

China 

F- 96 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

14. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued) 

 Details of principal
subsidiaries are as follows: 

Place of 

Nominal value 

Percentage 

incorporation/ 

of issued 

of equity 

registration 

ordinary share/ 

attributable to 

Principal 

Name 

and operations 

paid-up capital 

the Company 

activities 

2006 

2005 

Indirectly held 

Majestic Holdings 

Limited 

Hong Kong 

HK 60,000,000 

100 

100 

Investment 

(note b) 

holding and 

trading of 

aluminum 

products 

Guangdong Asia 

Aluminium Factory 

Co., Ltd. 

Mainland 

US 36,290,000 

100 

100 

Manufacture 

China 

(notes b 

and trading of 

and c) 

aluminum 

products 

Foshan Nanhai Panasia 

Metal Spraying Co., 

Ltd. 

Mainland 

US 2,900,000 

100 

100 

Subcontracting 

China 

(notes b 

of aluminum 

and c) 

panels and 

high grade 

aluminum 

extrusion 

products 

processing 

Foshan Nanhai
 Xinya 

Aluminium 

Stainless 

Steel Co., Ltd. 

Mainland 

US 13,390,000 

100 

100 

Subcontracting 

China 

(notes b 

of aluminum 

and c) 

and stainless 

steel products 

processing 

Foshan Nanhai Hongjia 

Aluminum Company 

Limited 

Mainland 

US 13,330,000 

60 

60 

Manufacture 

China 

(notes b 

and trading of 

and d) 

aluminum 

products 

F- 97 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

14. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued) 

 Details of principal
subsidiaries are as follows: 

Place of 

Nominal value 

Percentage 

incorporation/ 

of issued 

of equity 

registration 

ordinary share/ 

attributable to 

Principal 

Name 

and operations 

paid-up capital 

the Company 

activities 

2006 

2005 

Foshan Nanhua 

Aluminum Company 

Limited 

Mainland 

US 17,000,000 

60 

60 

Manufacture 

China 

(notes b 

and trading of 

and d) 

aluminum 

products 

Zhaoqing Asia 

Aluminum Factory 

Co., Ltd. 

Mainland 

US 15,000,000 

100 

100 

Manufacture 

China 

(notes b 

and trading of 

and c) 

aluminum 

products 

The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company
which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results of the
year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give
details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in
particulars of excessive length. 

 Notes: 

 (a) An option (the Call
Option was granted by AAHL to Indalex, a minority shareholder of the Company,
pursuant to which the minority shareholder has (i) the right in perpetuity
to acquire from AAHL its entire equity interest in the Company, upon the
failure of AAHL to stop and/or remedy any material breach of the shareholders 
agreement entered into between the parties; and (ii) the right to acquire
from AAHL its entire equity interest in the Company upon the occurrence of
certain triggering events during a period of three years commencing from 8 June 2001.
These triggering events include, inter alia, AAHL ceasing to hold a 60 
effective equity interest in the Company and Mr. Kwong Wui Chun, a
director of the Company, ceasing to hold a 35 effective equity interest in
AAHL. 

 In addition to the foregoing, AAHL has also granted a
put option Put Option to Indalex, under which AAHL is obliged at the
request of Indalex to purchase its entire equity interest in the Company under
certain circumstances. 

 Neither the Call Option nor the Put Option were exercised
during the year ended June 30, 2006 and 2005. 

 (b) The Company s effective
equity interests in these companies will also be fully disposed of upon the
exercise of the Call Option by Indalex. 

 (c) These companies are registered as wholly
foreign owned enterprises under the PRC law. 

F- 98 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

 1 4. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
(Continued) 

 (d) These companies were established in the
Mainland China with independent third parties in the prior years, in each of
which a 60 equity interest was held by the Group. As the Group is able to
exercise unilateral control over the operational and financial policies of
these joint venture companies, they have been accounted for as subsidiaries in
accordance with the Group s accounting policies in the current year. The
purpose of the establishment of these subsidiaries is to execute the investment
in assets of each of Guangdong Nanhua and Hongjia Aluminum and the Group has
fully paid its share of capital contributions in cash of approximately
RMB150,000,000 (approximately HK 141,804,000) into these subsidiaries. 

 In
addition, the Group acquired certain business databases of Guangdong Nanhua and
Hongjia Aluminum at an aggregate consideration of HK 73,558,000 in the prior
years. As at the balance sheet date, the unsettled consideration in respect of
HK 14,548,000 (2005: HK 14,548,000) was classified as part of due to minority
equity holders/shareholders under current liabilities. 

 15. IN TERESTS IN ASSOCIATES 

2006 

2005 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Share of net
 assets/(liabilities) other than goodwill 

(2,320 

4 

Due from an
 associate 

5,131 

87 

2,811 

91 

The amount due from an
associate is unsecured, interest-free and has no fixed terms of repayment. The
carrying amount of the amount due from the associate approximates to its fair
value. 

 Particulars of the associates
are as follows: 

Place of 

Nominal value 

Percentage of 

incorporation/ 

of issued 

equity indirectly 

registration 

ordinary share/ 

attributable to 

Principal 

Name 

and operations 

paid-up capital 

the Company 

activities 

Phoenix Asia Dies
 Company Limited 

Hong Kong 

US 

1,000 

40 

Investment holding 

Phoenix
 (Zhaoqing) Dies Manufacturing Co. Ltd. 

Mainland China 

US 

1,650,000 

40 

Production of dies 

The following table illustrates the summarised
financial information of the Group s associates extracted from their management
accounts: 

2006 

2005 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Assets 

36,126 

10 

Liabilities 

41,926 

87 

Revenues 

Loss 

5,781 

F- 99 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

 1 6. DEPOSITS PAID 

 The balance mainly
represented deposits paid for the purchase of aluminum extrusion presses and
its associated handling systems, aluminum rolling mills and its associated
auxiliary equipment and for construction works of plant. 

 1 7. INVENTORIES 

2006 

2005 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Raw materials 

93,789 

124,118 

Work in progress 

167,680 

115,460 

Finished goods 

127,921 

110,115 

389,390 

349,693 

As at June 30, 2006,
the carrying amount of the Group s inventories in the amount of HK 32,298,000
(2005: Nil) was pledged as security for the Group s bank loan, as further
detailed in note 24 to the financial statements. 

 1 8. DUE FROM RELATED
COMPANIES 

 Particulars
of the amounts due from related companies disclosed pursuant to Section 161B
of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance are as follows: 

Maximum 

Maximum 

amount 

At June 30, 

amount 

At 

outstanding 

and 

outstanding 

At 

June 30, 

during 

July 1, 

during 

July 1, 

2006 

the year 

2005 

the year 

2004 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

IASG (note (i)) 

125,362 

134,312 

35,159 

40,491 

28,823 

Asia Aluminum
 (China) Ltd. AACL (note (ii)) 

7,359 

7,359 

Asia Aluminum
 (USA) Corp. (note (iii)) 

776 

776 

126,138 

35,159 

36,182 

Notes: 

 (i) The basis of the related party relationship
with IASG is set out in note 4 to the financial statements. The amount due from
IASG is trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free and has no fixed terms of
repayment. 

 (ii) In prior years, AACL
was the jointly-controlled entity of AAHL. During the year ended June 30,
2005, AACL became a subsidiary of AAHL and accordingly, became a fellow
subsidiary of the Group. 

 (iii) The amount due from Asia Aluminum (USA) Corp., of which a director
is also a director of the Company, is unsecured, interest-free and has no fixed
terms of repayment. 

F- 100 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

18. DUE FROM RELATED COMPANIES (Continued) 

 The amounts due from
related companies are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed terms of
repayment, except for the amount due from AACL which was fully settled during
the year ended June 30, 2005. The carrying amounts of amounts due from
related companies approximate to their fair values. 

 1 9. DUE FROM MINORITY EQUITY
HOLDERS OF SUBSIDIARIES 

 The amounts due from minority equity holders of
subsidiaries represent the accounts receivable arising from the sale of raw
materials to the minority equity holders. The balances are unsecured, interest-free
and repayable on demand. 

 The carrying amounts of
amounts due from minority equity holders approximate to their fair values. 

 20 . CASH AND BANK BALANCES AND PLEDGED
DEPOSITS 

2006 

2005 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Cash and bank
 balances 

2,735,705 

2,022,528 

Time deposits
 with banks 

28,846 

38,606 

2,764,551 

2,061,134 

Less: Pledged
 time deposits (note 24) 

(28,846 

(38,606 

2,735,705 

2,022,528 

At June 30, 2006, the cash and bank balances and
time deposits with banks of the Group denominated in Renminbi RMB amounted
to approximately HK 2,682,000,000
(2005: HK 2,055,000,000). The
RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies. Subject to Mainland
China Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement,
Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to
exchange RMB for foreign currencies through banks authorised to conduct the
foreign exchange business. 

 Cash at banks earns
interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short term time
deposits are made for varying periods of between one day and three months
depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn interest at
the respective short term time deposit rates. The carrying amounts of the cash
and bank balances and the pledged deposits approximate to their fair values. 

 2 1. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS 

Liabilities 

2006 

2005 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Aluminum forward
 contracts 

28,019 

The carrying
amounts of aluminum forward contracts are the same as their fair values. 

 The Group has entered into various aluminum forward
contracts and forward foreign exchange contracts to manage the fluctuation of
aluminum price and exchange rate exposures which did not meet 

F- 101 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

 2 1. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS (Continued) 

 the criteria for hedge
accounting. Changes in the fair value of non-hedging aluminum forward contracts
and forward foreign exchange contracts amounting to HK 31,152,000 were charged
to income statement during the year ended June 30, 2006. 

 The aggregate notional amount of aluminum forward
contracts undertaken by the Group with a fair value liability of HK 28,019,000
amounted to HK 423,826,000 as at June 30, 2006. The maturity of the
forward contracts were in August 2006. 

 There were no forward
foreign exchange contracts outstanding as at June 30, 2006. 

 2 2. DUE TO MINORITY EQUITY
HOLDERS/SHAREHOLDERS 

 The amounts due to the minority equity holders of
approximately HK 14,548,000 (2005: HK 38,703,000) represented the amounts due
to minority equity holders/shareholders for the transfer of business database
and purchases of items of property, plant and equipment on behalf of the two
non wholly-owned subsidiaries. The remaining balance of approximately HK 36,394,000
(2005: HK 38,825,000) represented dividend payables to minority shareholders
and cash advance from minority equity holders. 

 The carrying amounts of amounts due to minority equity
holders/shareholders approximate to their fair values. 

 23 . INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER
LOANS 

Effective 

interest 

rate ) 

Maturity 

2006 

2005 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Current 

Finance lease
 payables (note 25) 

10.4 

June 2007 

528 

398 

Bank loans secured 

5.88 

June 2007 

476,123 

373,117 

476, 651 

373, 515 

Non-current 

Finance lease
 payables (note 25) 

10-11.8 

February 2008- 
 March 2009 

34 2,990 

17 2,691 

819,641 

546,206 

The
carrying amounts of the Group s borrowings are denominated in the following
currencies. 

As at June 30, 2006 

HK 

Dollar 

Renminbi 

Total 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Bank loans 

48,431 

427,692 

476,123 

F- 102 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

23. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER LOANS (Continued) 

As at June 30, 2005 

HK 

Dollar 

Renminbi 

Total 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Bank loans 

373,117 

373,117 

The details of assets pledged as security for these
borrowings are set out in note 24 to the financial statements. 

 The carrying amounts of the Group s interest-bearing
bank and other loans approximate to their fair values. 

 The fair value of
interest-bearing bank and other borrowings is estimated as the present value of
future cash flows, discounted at current market interest rates for similar
financial instruments. 

 24. BORROWING
FACILITIES 

 The Group s borrowings at June 30, 2006 were
secured by buildings in the PRC and plant and machinery of HK 4,549,000 (2005:
HK 4,892,000) and HK 19,064,000 (2005: HK 20,265,000), respectively, prepaid
land lease payment of HK 2,668,000 (2005: HK 2,766,000), trade receivables of
HK 25,042,000 (2005: Nil), inventories of HK 32,298,000 (2005: Nil) and bank
deposits of HK 28,846,000 (2005: HK 38,606,000). 

 In addition, certain of
the Group s bank loans are secured by certain machinery of a minority
shareholder of a non wholly-owned subsidiary, corporate guarantees granted by
AAHL, a non wholly-owned subsidiary, a fellow subsidiary and a minority
shareholder of a non wholly-owned subsidiary and joint and several personal
guarantees by certain directors of two non wholly-owned subsidiaries. 

F- 103 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

25. FINANCE LEASE
PAYABLES 

 The Group leases
certain plant and machinery and motor vehicles for its business use. These
leases are classified as finance leases and have remaining lease terms ranging
from one to four years. The total future minimum lease payments under finance
leases and their present values at the balance sheet date were as follows: 

Present value 

Present value 

Minimum 

of minimum 

Minimum 

of minimum 

lease 

lease 

lease 

lease 

payments 

payments 

payments 

payments 

2006 

2006 

2005 

2005 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Amounts payable: 

Within one year 

23,026 

528 

10,572 

398 

In the second year 

356,326 

342,765 

10,377 

228 

In the third to fifth years, inclusive 

252 

225 

178,933 

172,463 

Total minimum finance lease payments 

379,604 

343,518 

199,882 

173,089 

Future finance charges 

(36,086 

(26,793 

Total net finance lease payables 

343,518 

173,089 

Portion
 classified as current liabilities 

(528 

(398 

Non-current
 portion 

342,990 

172,691 

Certain of the finance
leases are secured by corporate guarantees granted by AAHL and two wholly-owned
subsidiaries. 

 26. SHARE CAPITAL 

2006 

2005 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Authorised: 

5,000,000 ordinary shares of US 0.01 each 

390 

390 

Issued and fully paid: 

2,360,872
 ordinary shares of US 0.01 each 

184 

184 

2 7. RESERVES 

 The amounts of the
Group s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are
presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity of the financial
statements. 

 The statutory surplus reserve and statutory public
welfare fund represent appropriation of profits retained by the PRC
subsidiaries of the Company. In accordance with the PRC regulations and the
respective articles of association of the PRC subsidiaries, these companies are
required to appropriate an amount equal to a minimum of 10 of their profits
after tax each year to statutory surplus reserve. In addition, a portion of the
profit after tax as determined at the discretion of the directors of each of
the PRC subsidiaries, is transferred to the statutory public welfare fund. 

F- 104 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

27. RESERVES (Continued) 

 Subject to certain restrictions set out in the PRC
Company Law and the respective articles of association of the PRC subsidiaries,
the statutory surplus reserve may be distributed to shareholders in the form of
a share bonus issue and/or cash dividends. 

 2 8. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 

 Major non-cash transactions 

 During each of the
three years ended June 30, 2006, the following major non-cash transactions
took place: 

 (a) During the year ended
June 30, 2006, the Group entered into finance lease arrangements in
respect of property, plant and equipment with a total capital value at the
inception of the finance leases of HK 171,202,000
(2005: HK 172,463,000; 2004:
HK 994,000). 

 b) During
the year ended June 30, 2006, certain dividends declared by the Company to
its immediate holding company of HK 104,775,000 (2005: HK 99,118,000; 2004: HK 72,264,000) were
recorded as part of due to the immediate holding company under current
liabilities. 

 (c) During the year ended
June 30, 2006, deposits paid for the purchase of aluminum extrusion
presses and its auxiliary handling systems of HK 68,131,000 (2005:
HK 4,216,000; 2004: Nil) were capitalised as construction in progress under
property, plant and equipments upon receipt of those equipment and systems. 

 (d) During the year ended
June 30, 2006, certain dividends declared by the Company to certain
shareholders of HK 9,021,000 (2005: Nil; 2004: HK 6,222,000) were recorded as
part of due to shareholders under current liabilities. 

 (e) During
the year ended June 30, 2006, the Group sold and purchased certain
property, plant and equipment to and from fellow subsidiaries of the Group at a
consideration of HK 22,809,000 (2005: Nil; 2004: Nil) and HK 49,350,000 (2005:
Nil; 2004: Nil), respectively. The consideration was recorded as part of due
from/to fellow subsidiaries under current assets/liabilities. 

 2 9. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 

 At
June 30 2006, the Group granted a guarantee to and utilised by a
minority equity holder in respect of banking facilities of HK 11,058,000 (2005: HK 10,829,000) and
the Group had no contingent liabilities not provided for in the financial
statements in respect of bills discounted with recourse (2005: HK 28,060,000). 

 30. OPERATING LEASE
ARRANGEMENTS 

 The Group leases its manufacturing premises in the PRC
under operating lease arrangements. Leases for properties are negotiated for
terms which expire between the years 2011 and 2016. 

F- 105 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

 30. OPERATING LEASE
ARRANGEMENTS (Continued) 

 At June 30,
2006 and 2005, the Group had total future minimum lease payments under
operating leases falling due as follows: 

2006 

2005 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Within one year 

6,727 

7,501 

In the second to fifth
 years, inclusive 

27,409 

31,373 

After five years 

35,818 

55,602 

69,954 

94,476 

31. COMMITMENTS 

 In addition to the
operating lease arrangements detailed in note 30 above, the Group had the following
commitments at June 30, 2006 and 2005. 

 (a) At
June 30, 2006 and 2005, the Group had capital commitments not provided for
in the financial statements as follows: 

2006 

2005 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Contracted for
 (note) 

626,680 

752,328 

Note: At
June 30, 2006, the Group was committed to make capital injections to two (2005: one) subsidiaries in the PRC of approximately HK 455,295,000 (2005: HK 272,125,000). In addition, the Group had
contracted capital commitments in respect of the acquisition of property, plant
and equipment of HK 171,385,000
(2005: HK 480,203,000). 

 (b) Each of the Group and
another subscriber has agreed to provide shareholders loan to the associate of
the Group in proportion to their respective interests in the associate. As at June 30,
2006, the Group s outstanding committed loan amount was HK 18,622,000 (2005:
HK 18,660,000). 

 (c) At June 30, 2006,
the Group had a commitment in respect of forward contracts for the purchase and
sale of raw materials of aluminum ingots in the amount of HK 423,826,000 (2005: HK 39,874,000). 

 (d At
June 30, 2005, the Group had a commitment in
respect of foreign exchange forward
contracts in the amount of HK 148,418,000. 

 32 . FINANCIAL
RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 

 The Group s principal financial instruments, other
than derivatives, comprise trust receipt loans, bank loans, finance leases, and
cash and short term deposits. The main purpose of these financial instruments
is to raise finance for the Group s operations. The Group has various other
financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables,
which arise directly from its operations. 

F- 106 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

32. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
(Continued) 

 The Group also enters into derivative transactions,
including principally forward currency contracts and aluminum forward contracts.
The purpose is to manage the interest rate and currency risks and price risk
arising from the Group s operations and its sources of finance. 

 It is, and has been, throughout the year under review,
the Group s policy that no trading in financial instruments shall be
undertaken. 

 The main risks arising
from the Group s financial instruments are price risk, interest rate risk,
foreign currency risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The board reviews and
agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarised below.
The Group s accounting policies in relation to derivatives are set out in note
2.4 to the financial statements. 

 Price risk 

 The Group is exposed to
price movements of the inventory it holds and for the products it trades. The
Group manages this exposure by entering into aluminum forward contracts
transacted on through over-the-counter markets. The Group only enters into
over-the-counter transactions with high credit quality counterparties. 

 Interest rate risk 

 The
Group s current banking facilities maintained with commercial banks are mainly
at floating rates. The Group currently does not have an interest rate hedging
policy. However, management monitors the Group s interest exposure and will
consider hedging significant interest rate exposure should the need
arises. 

 Foreign currency risk 

 The Group has transactional
currency exposures. Such exposures arise from revenue or expenses of operating
units in currencies other than the units functional currency. The Group s
monetary assets, financing and transactions are principally denominated in HK ,
US and RMB. Considering that there is insignificant fluctuation in the
exchange rate between HK and RMB and HK is currently pegged with US , the
Group believes its exposure to exchange rate risk is minimal. The Group entered
into forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge its exposure to foreign
exchange fluctuations. The Group will constantly review the economic situation
and its foreign exchange risk profile, and will consider appropriate hedging
measures. 

 It
is the Group s policy to negotiate the terms of the hedge derivatives to match
the terms of the hedged item to maximise hedge effectiveness. 

 Credit risk 

 The Group trades only with
recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group s policy that all
customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification
procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis
and on an individual basis. 

 There
is no credit risk of the Group under other financial assets such as cash and
cash equivalents. 

F- 107 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

32. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued) 

 Liquidity risk 

 The
Group s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and
flexibility through the use of interest-bearing bank loans, trust
receipt loans and finance leases. 

 33 . COMPARATIVE
AMOUNTS 

 As further explained in note 2.2 to the financial
statements, due to the adoption of new HKFRSs during the current year, the
accounting treatment and presentation of certain items and balances in the
financial statements have been revised to comply with the new requirements.
Accordingly, certain comparative amounts have been reclassified and restated to
conform with the current year s presentation and accounting treatment. 

 34. SUMMARY OF DIFFERENCES BETWEEN HONG KONG AND
UNITED STATES GENERALLY ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES 

 The Group s consolidated financial statements are
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Hong
Kong HK GAAP ), which differs in certain material respects from United States
generally accepted accounting principles US GAAP ). The following tables
summarise the adjustments considered necessary to reflect profit for the year
and equity of the Group on the basis of US GAAP giving effect to material
differences between HK GAAP and US GAAP. 

 The
following table summarises the effect on profit for the year of the differences
between HK GAAP and US GAAP. 

Year ended June 30 

Notes 

2006 

2005 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Profit for the year as
 reported under HK GAAP 

275,381 

363,841 

US GAAP adjustments: 

Impairment of goodwill 

(a) 

(50,312 

Rental for rent-free
 land and buildings 

(b) 

(9,627 

(9,097 

Capitalisation of
 finance costs 

(c) 

59,041 

13,405 

Depreciation for
 capitalisation of finance costs 

(c) 

(650 

(625 

Deferred tax arising
 from US GAAP differences 

(e) 

(14,014 

(3,067 

Attributable to minority
 interests 

(f) 

28,284 

14,528 

Profit for the year as reported under US GAAP 

288,103 

378,985 

F- 108 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

 34. SUMMARY OF
DIFFERENCES BETWEEN HONG KONG AND UNITED STATES GENERALLY ACCEPTED
ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued) 

 The
following table summarises the effect on equity of the differences between HK
GAAP and US GAAP. 

Year ended June 30 

Notes 

2006 

2005 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Equity as reported under
 HK GAAP 

2,255,981 

2,080,518 

US GAAP adjustments: 

Reclassification of
 goodwill from reserves to assets 

(a) 

105,373 

105,373 

Goodwill accumulated
 amortisation, under US GAAP 

(a) 

(17,323 

(17,323 

Goodwill impairment,
 under US GAAP 

(a) 

(50,312 

Rent expense for
 rent-free land and buildings 

(b) 

(36,918 

(27,291 

Capitalisation of
 finance costs 

(c) 

84,067 

25,026 

Depreciation for
 capitalisation of finance costs 

(c) 

(4,072 

(3,422 

Deferred tax arising
 from US GAAP differences 

(e) 

(19,199 

(5,185 

Equity attributable to
 minority interests 

(f) 

(6,143 

(33,106 

Equity as reported under US GAAP 

2,311,454 

2,124,590 

Notes: 

 (a) Business combinations
and goodwill: 

 Under HK GAAP,
goodwill arising on acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the
cost of the acquisition over the Group s share of the fair values of the
identifiable assets and liabilities acquired as at the date of acquisition.
Prior to the adoption of SSAP 30 in 2001, goodwill arising on acquisition was
eliminated against consolidated capital reserve in the year of acquisition. On
the adoption of HKFRS 3, such goodwill remains eliminated against the consolidated
capital reserve and is not recognised in the income statement when all or part
of the business to which the goodwill relates is disposed of or when a
cash-generating unit to which the goodwill relates becomes impaired. 

 Under US GAAP, as
specified in the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No.142, Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets , goodwill and other intangible assets are required
to be reflected as assets on the balance sheet and be tested for impairment
annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate
that it might be impaired, using the prescribed two-step process. The first
step screens for potential impairment of goodwill if the fair value of the
reporting unit is less than its carrying value, while the second step measures
the amount of goodwill impairment, if any, by comparing the implied fair value
of goodwill to its carrying value. Prior to SFAS 142, the amounts assigned to
goodwill were amortised over the remaining operating period of the subsidiaries
until June 30, 2002, the date of adoption of FAS 142, upon which
amortisation of goodwill ceased. 

 Goodwill acquired in a
business combination is allocated, at acquisition, to the reporting units that
are expected to benefit from that business combination. Before recognition of
impairment losses, the carrying amount of HK 50,312,000 and HK 37,738,000 were
allocated to the reporting unit of the aluminum panels segment and the aluminum
extrusion products segment, respectively. 

F- 109 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

34. SUMMARY OF DIFFERENCES BETWEEN HONG KONG AND UNITED STATES
GENERALLY ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES
(Continued) 

 During the year, a
goodwill impairment loss of HK 50,312,000 was recognised in the aluminum panels
segment as a result of the termination plan of the Group s aluminum panel
operation and the disposal of certain property, plant and equipment in the
aluminum panels segment to fellow subsidiaries of the Group. The fair value of
this reporting unit was estimated using the expected present value of future
cash flows. 

 The
following table sets out the carrying value of goodwill as reported under US
GAAP: 

2006 

2005 

HK 000 

HK 000 

Goodwill carried
 as consolidated reserves under 

HK GAAP reclassified as asset under US GAAP 

105,373 

105,373 

Goodwill amortisation
 recognised under US GAAP 

(17,323 

(17,323 

Goodwill
 impairment recognised under US GAAP 

(50,312 

Carrying value as
 reported under US GAAP 

37,738 

88,050 

(b) Rent-free
use of land and buildings from minority equityholders: 

 As detailed in note 4 to
the financial statements, each of Guangdong Nanhua and Hongjia Aluminum, has
granted the Group the right to use the certain parcels of land and buildings on
a rent-free basis. Under HK GAAP, no rental expense is recorded to reflect this
rent-free usage. 

 Under US GAAP, the right
to use of parcels of land and buildings is recorded as rental expenses at fair
value with a corresponding increase in minority interests. The rental expenses
for the Group for the year ended June 30, 2006 was HK 9,627,000 (2005:
HK 9,097,000), excluding the minority interests share of HK 6,418,000 (2005:
HK 6,065,000) which would not affect the profit for the year attributable to
the shareholders of the Company and the equity of the Group. 

 (c) Capitalisation
of finance costs: 

 Under HK GAAP, borrowing
costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of
qualifying assets that take a substantial period of time to get ready for their
intended use or cost of those assets are capitalised. The capitalisation of
such borrowing costs ceases when the assets are substantially ready for their
intended use or sale. 

 Under US GAAP, interest
costs are capitalised as part of the historical cost of acquiring or
constructing certain assets. The amount of interest cost to be capitalised for
qualifying assets is intended to be that portion of the interest cost incurred
during the assets acquisition periods that theoretically could have been
avoided if expenditures for the assets had not been made. Thereafter, the amount
capitalised are depreciated over the useful lives of the relevant assets. The
amount capitalised is determined by applying an interest rate to the average
amount of accumulated expenditures for the asset during the construction or
development period. The interest rate for capitalisation purposes is to be
based on the rates of the Company s outstanding borrowings. A weighted average
of the rates on other borrowings is to be applied to expenditures not covered
by the specific borrowings. 

F- 110 

ASIA ALUMINUM GROUP LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

34. SUMMARY OF DIFFERENCES BETWEEN HONG KONG AND UNITED STATES
GENERALLY ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES (Continued) 

 (d) Financial
instruments: 

 For the year ended June 30,
2005, under HK GAAP, bills discounted
with recourse were disclosed as contingent liabilities. Under SFAS No. 140,
 Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments
of Liabilities , discounted bills with recourse represented transfers of
financial assets with continuing involvement and are accounted for as a secured
borrowings. The net profit or loss effect to record such secured borrowings was
not material to the Group. At June 30, 2005, the effect of recording these
transactions would increase trade receivables and interest-bearing bank and
other loans, secured, by HK 28,060,000. 

 (e) Deferred
tax: 

 In general, the accounting
treatment of deferred taxes under HK GAAP and US GAAP is similar. However, as a
result of the corresponding deferred tax effect of the GAAP differences related
to the capitalisation of finance costs, there are differences in the deferred
taxes recognised under HK GAAP and US GAAP. 

 (f) Minority
interests: 

 Under HK GAAP, minority
interests are presented on the face of the consolidated income statements of
the portion of profit and loss attributable to minority interests and to equity
holders of the Company and are not included in determining profit or loss for
the year. In addition, minority interests are presented as a component of
equity. Under US GAAP, minority interests are included as a component of net
profit or loss for the year and are not presented as a component of equity. 

 The financial statements
were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on October 10, 2006. 

F- 111 

<EX-12.1>
 2
 a07-8347_1ex12d1.htm
 EX-12.1

EXHIBIT 12.1 

Indalex Holdings Finance,
Inc. 

 COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF
EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES 

 (in thousands) 

Predecessor 1 

Predecessor 2 

Successor 

Fiscal Year Ended 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 31, 2005 

December 31, 2006 

Period from 

Period from 

Period from 

Period from 

January 1, 

April 1, 

January 1, 

February 2, 

Fiscal Year Ended 

2005 to 

2005 to 

2006 to 

2006 to 

December 29, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

March 31, 

December 31, 

February 1, 

December 31, 

2002 

2003 

2004 

2005 

2005 

2006 

2006 

Earnings: 

Pre-tax income (loss)
 from continuing operations 

22,014 

22,049 

37,443 

9,361 

15,612 

2,342 

(32,621 

Less AAG equity income 

(6,005 

(7,869 

(14,807 

(1,557 

(9,380 

(643 

(11,841 

Plus AAG Dividend 

3,152 

4,602 

4,891 

Fixed charges (from
 below) 

12,249 

10,860 

10,918 

1,758 

5,599 

209 

39,495 

Earnings available for
 fixed charges 

28,258 

28,192 

33,554 

14,164 

11,831 

1,908 

(76 

Fixed charges: 

Interest expense
 (including debt issuance costs amortized to interest expense) 

10,400 

8,659 

8,587 

1,208 

3,901 

24 

37,965 

Capitalized interest 

Interest component of
 rent expense 

1,849 

2,201 

2,331 

550 

1,698 

185 

1,530 

Total fixed charges 

12,249 

10,860 

10,918 

1,758 

5,599 

209 

39,495 

Ratio of earnings to fixed charges 

2.31 

2.60 

3.07 

8.06 

2.11 

9.13 

0.00 

Fixed charges include interest expense (including amortization of
deferred financing costs) and an estimate of operating rental interest expense,
approximately 30 , which management believes is representative of the interest
component. Earnings before fixed charges
were inadequate to cover fixed charges by 39,571 in the period from February 2,
2006 to December 31, 2006. 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-14.1>
 3
 a07-8347_1ex14d1.htm
 EX-14.1

Exhibit 14.1 

 Indalex Aluminum Solutions 

 Code
of Conduct 

 The following
document explains the Code of Conduct for all companies in the Indalex Aluminum Solutions Group. 

 Part One 

 Indalex Aluminum Solutions Group 

 The
company s reputation and success is built on our behavior 

 Part Two 

 The
Indalex Aluminum Solutions Code of Conduct 

June, 2002 

 Updated
February 2003 

 Updated June
2003 

 Updated
February 2004 

 Updated
November 2004 

 Updated October 2005 

 Updated May 2006 

1 

Part One 

 Indalex Aluminum Solutions Group 

 __ 

 The company s reputation and success is built
on our behavior 

 __ 

 Vision 

 To become the best
provider of extruded aluminum solutions in the world. 

 The Safest (Our colleagues are the
judge; TRR is our key measurement) 

 The Highest Quality (Our customers
are the judge; COTD and Returns are the key measurements) 

 The Lowest Cost (Our shareowners are
the judge; Profit Margin is the measurement) 

 The
Fastest Growing 

 Values 

 One
word Integrity 

 A business is much
more than bricks, mortar and dollars and cents. 
Every business is built by and, ultimately, earns its reputation from
the efforts, attitudes and behaviors of its people. Indalex Aluminum Solutions is and will
always aspire to be a company that recognizes the importance of each
colleague s contribution to its success and to the communities in which we do
business. The Lead Team has endorsed the
attached Indalex Aluminum Solutions Code of Conduct for salaried colleagues
to ensure that our entire leadership group across North America understands and
commits to the consistent application of the values we espouse as a business. 

 As leaders in the
company, a commitment to our values by all salaried colleagues will establish a
clear example for others to follow and will be the foundation upon which we
build a workplace culture that is conducive to high performance. Our responsible and ethical behavior as
individual leaders will be the cornerstone of our company-wide respect for
others and the cultural diversity that exists in our workplaces. It will be the foundation upon which we build
and insist on unfailing integrity and a commitment to honesty, fair dealing and
equal opportunity. It will be our
reputation. One that all colleagues can
be proud of and that allows us to establish and maintain long-term, mutually
beneficial relationships with our shareholders, customers, colleagues, supply
partners and communities. 

 As Lead Team
members we have committed ourselves to our company-wide Code of Conduct and
expect all salaried colleagues to do the same. 
We expect all of our units and colleagues to comply with all applicable
laws and regulations. But our own commitments and expectations go beyond
legalities. 

 Just as it is
critical to our success that we provide high quality products and services, it
is equally critical that we conduct ourselves with integrity and respect for
one another and for those with whom we do business. It is vital that we conduct our business as
responsible corporate 

2 

citizens in all communities
in which we operate. All people and
businesses we interact with must have complete confidence in our word and our
conduct. Our reputation for integrity
must be second to none. 

 Enforcement 

 In most
circumstances, your own sense of right and wrong should be all the guidance you
need and your own ethical and responsible behavior will be the example for
others to follow. The company will,
however, provide enforcement to ensure that our Code of Conduct is adhered to
by all. 

 The company will
vigorously enforce our Code of Conduct. 
Violation will result in corrective action including possible
termination of employment. It applies to
all Indalex Aluminum Solutions units in North America, except where compliance
would cause a unit or division to violate any law in any jurisdiction in which
it is located. The Code does not affect
the application of any mandatory legal provision in any jurisdiction nor does
it form a part of any contract of employment. This Code of Conduct does not
alter our at-will employment relationship. As you know employment and
compensation with Indalex Aluminum Solutions is at will which means that your
employment can be terminated with or without cause, and with or without notice,
at any time, at the option of either Indalex Aluminum Solutions or yourself,
except as otherwise provided by law. 

 Indalex
supervisory colleagues are required to take prompt and appropriate action upon
receiving a complaint or question about our Code of Conduct. In most situations, local management or Human
Resources professionals should be able to resolve colleague concerns or
complaints. In some cases, however,
local management will be required to contact the company s corporate Human
Resources Department. 

 If for any reason
a colleague does not feel comfortable addressing a question, complaint or
concern to local management, he or she should contact other company management
or Corporate Human Resources at 847-810-3098 or Bill Corley, our Chief
Compliance Officer, at 708.738.3924. Any
such calls will be handled confidentially and even anonymously if
preferred. The information provided will
be referred to the appropriate Indalex authority and resolved as expeditiously
as possible. Indalex Aluminum Solutions
prohibits retaliation for reporting in good faith any actual or suspected
violation of any law, regulation or this Code of Conduct. 

 Drug and Alcohol Policy 

 Indalex prohibits
the use, consumption, sale, distribution and possession of illegal narcotics,
drugs and controlled substances on company premises and work sites, in
company-supplied vehicles or anywhere else when a colleague is engaged in
company business. 

 Indalex also
prohibits the consumption, sale and possession of alcohol on company
premises. Indalex requires all
colleagues to perform their duties with the utmost care and professionalism and
with due regard for their own safety and that of others. Indalex does not permit any activity
including alcohol consumption or abuse of prescription drugs that may impair a
colleague s ability to function or jeopardize the colleague s performance,
workplace safety or product or service quality. 

 Individuals with
substance abuse problems are urged to seek assistance from local counseling
services or seek other professional assistance. 
Further information on assistance for drug- and alcohol-related problems
may be obtained from your local Human Resources representative, Corporate Human
Resources Department or the company-sponsored Employee Assistance Program. 

3 

Use of Company Property 

 (Including computers, e-mail, other equipment and
data) 

 Company
telephones, mobile telephones, computers, software, e-mail, voice mail,
conferencing equipment, office supplies, vehicles, fax machines, document
duplicating machines and other company property are to be used efficiently and
consistent with the provisions of this Code of Conduct policy. 

 Indalex reserves
the right to inspect or search company property as well as any other property
located on company premises at any time and without notice, subject to local
law. E-mail and other electronic data
created, sent or stored on company property (including data accessed, copied,
downloaded or printed from the Internet) is company property. 

 Indalex prohibits
its colleagues from using computers or other property owned by the company or
located on company property to obtain, download, create, copy, send, transmit,
broadcast or distribute within or outside the company any material (including
graphics, photographs and audio or visual recordings) containing discriminatory
or harassing language or derogatory references to: 

 age, color, disability, ethnicity, 

 marital or family status, national
origin, race, religion, 

 sex, sexual orientation, veteran
status, or any other characteristic protected by law 

 or
any pornographic or offensive material. 

 This policy
applies even if the intended or actual recipient of the material consents to
receiving such material or requests or otherwise invites it. Violation of this standard may subject the
offending colleagues to employment action including discharge. 

 Indalex also
prohibits colleagues from using computers (and other property owned by the
company or located on company premises) in a manner that interferes with the
colleague s job performance or that of another colleague. The company also prohibits colleagues from
using computers (and other property owned by the company or located on company
premises) to unlawfully obtain, copy, or distribute software, electronic files
or other materials protected by copyright. 

 The company
reserves the right to inspect computers (and other machinery, files and
materials owned by the company or located on company premises) and their
contents at any time, with or without notice to the colleague who uses or owns
the property, and with or without the colleague being present, subject to local
law. All communication (including paper
or electronic communication, voice mail and any data or information sent,
received, or obtained using company computers or other property owned by the
company or located on company premises are not private communication. Indalex reserves the right to monitor all
such communication and transmissions including Internet usage at any time and
without notice, subject to local law. 

 Safety is our priority 

 Indalex Aluminum
Solutions requires its units and colleagues to comply with all applicable laws
and regulations relating to health, safety and the welfare of all colleagues
and other people on company premises. 
Where safety concerns are identified, but do not fall under 

4 

any specific rule or
guideline, such concerns should be addressed using sound safety
techniques. If any individual becomes
aware of any actual or potential safety problem, or if they have a safety
concern, they should immediately notify their supervisor or unit manager. Colleagues can also contact our Corporate
Environmental, Health and Safety Director at 317.908.0159. 

 Safety is the
priority at Indalex Aluminum Solutions. 
It is unacceptable to place profit or production ahead of any colleague s
well being. 

 This Code of
Conduct is a guideline for each one of us. 
It makes clear not only many of the rules and regulations of our
company, but also outlines and encourages attitudes and behaviors that will
make Indalex the Best Provider of Extruded Aluminum Solutions in the
World. It will result in a reputation
for our company that all shareowners, colleagues, customers, supply partners
and local communities will be proud to be associated with. The path to our vision begins with our own
behavior. 

 As we have please
join us in acknowledging our commitment to the Code of Conduct by signing the
attached form and related audit and returning both to your local Human
Resources manager. 

 Sincerely, 

Tim Stubbs, Chief Executive Officer 

signature on
 file 

Mike Alger, Executive Vice-President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

signature on
 file 

Jerry Nies, Senior. Vice-President, 

Customer Fulfillment 

And Continuous Improvement 

signature on
 file 

Keith Burlingame, 

Senior Vice-President, 

signature on
 file 

Sales 

Joe Valvo, 

Senior Vice-President, 

National Accounts 

signature on
 file 

5 

Part Two 

 INDALEX
ALUMINUM SOLUTIONS 

 CODE OF CONDUCT 

 This
is a Code of Conduct for directors, officers, employees, and, to the extent
practicable, consultants and contractors under the direction of Indalex Inc.,
and Indalex Limited hereafter referred to as Indalex Aluminum Solutions. All of the foregoing persons are required to
comply with this code, although for simplicity the Code will refer only to employees. This Code of Conduct supersedes existing
compliance policies that address the same subject matters. Each employee is responsible for compliance
with this Code and for seeking interpretation when in doubt. 

 Compliance with
all applicable laws and compliance with the provisions of this Code are
mandatory, and the failure to comply with them will result in disciplinary
action. Further, all employees must take
affirmative steps to report potential or apparent violations of the law or of
this Code. Reports should be made to
your immediate supervisor or to your business unit s Chief Compliance Officer. For companies outside the main business units
with fewer than 10 employees, the Board of Directors shall perform the function
of Chief Compliance Officer if none has been appointed. Alternatively, reports may be made,
anonymously, through the Honor Line at 877.684.9585. 

 I. The
Indalex Aluminum Solutions Policy 

 The Indalex
Aluminum Solutions companies and their employees shall comply fully with all
laws, rules and regulations applicable to the conduct of their business. All employees are expected to develop an
understanding of the laws that govern their business conduct and to comply
fully with them. All employees are
further expected to conduct the affairs of our Companies in accordance with the
highest standards of business ethics. 
The use of the Indalex Aluminum Solutions personnel or assets for any
unlawful purpose is strictly prohibited. 

 II. Integrity
of Records and Software 

 The Indalex Aluminum Solutions business records
must, by law, be accurate and reliable. 
All business records, including expense reports, financial statements,
service records, laboratory reports, reports to auditors and reports to
government agencies, must be prepared with diligence and honesty. No false or misleading entry shall be made in
the records of any Company for any reason. 
No undisclosed or unreported fund or asset shall be established for any
purpose. Compliance with all
applicable Indalex Aluminum Solutions 
accounting standards and internal controls is required at all times. 

6 

The use of
computers and computer software is integral to our business. No software may be installed onto a Company
computer unless prior written approval is obtained from the Companies 
Information Services Department. The use
of Company computers or software to download, copy or use a software program,
media file or other intellectual property in violation of an applicable
copyright is strictly prohibited. 

 III. Conflicts
of Interest 

 All employees must
discharge their responsibilities solely on the basis of Indalex Aluminum Solutions best interests,
independent of personal considerations or relationships. No employee should have a financial interest
in any competitor, supplier or customer of any Company, unless such interest
arises solely from investment in securities issued by a publicly traded company
or such interest is approved by the Companies Chief Compliance Officer after
full disclosure. No employee should make
or accept any payment, loan or gift which might influence or appear to
influence his or her judgment in performing a job duty. Employees may accept the benefits of any
nationally recognized frequent flier, hotel plan and similar travel programs,
but travel decisions and travel reservations must be based solely on business
considerations. Any interest or
circumstance that might appear to compromise an employee s duty of loyalty
to Indalex Aluminum Solutions should be
promptly disclosed to the employee s supervisor or to the Companies Chief
Compliance Officer. 

 IV. Payments
and Gifts 

 The Indalex Aluminum Solutions policy is to deal
with customers, suppliers and governmental agencies in a straight-forward and
aboveboard manner, free from influence or felt obligation from gifts, meals,
entertainment or other favors of value. 
All employees are prohibited from making or accepting payments or gifts
in connection with the businesses of 
Indalex Aluminum Solutions, except for payments or gifts generally
recognized as proper (examples include payment for meals or entertainment in
connection with a business meeting, payment for flowers or small charitable
donations connected with illnesses or deaths, and other payments similarly
recognized as proper.) In addition,
making or accepting any proper gift or favor with a value in excess of 300.00
should be cleared with the Companies Chief Compliance Officer in advance. 

 V. Antitrust
Compliance 

 The Indalex Aluminum Solutions companies have a
policy of strict adherence to the antitrust laws. The antitrust laws are designed to promote
competition by prohibiting all agreements and understandings between
competitors that fix prices, allocate customers or have a similar
anti-competitive effect. Indalex
Aluminum Solutions and their employees are expected to comply with the rules
that follow and to seek further explanation when in doubt: 

7 

1. Discussions with Competitors 

 All employees are strictly prohibited from discussing
or communicating with any competitor concerning the following subjects: 

 Prices
or Bids 

 Discounts
or Rebates 

 Terms
of Sale 

 Distributors
or Territories 

 Customers
or Marketing Plans 

 Production
or Inventory Levels 

 Profit
Levels 

 Any
Other Competitive Information 

 Employees are also prohibited from
receiving such information from a competitor under any circumstances. You may obtain information about competitors from
other sources, however, such as distributors, customers or the media. 

 2. Agreements with
Competitors 

 No employee shall ever enter into any agreement or understanding with a
competitor concerning prices, bids, terms of sale or the other subjects listed
above. This prohibition includes not
only formal contracts but also oral agreements, so-called gentlemen s
agreements, silent approvals and the like. 
In a competitive market, prices and terms of sale may be similar among
competitors since all are generally subject to the same economic
pressures. Any discussion by you with a
competitor concerning a prohibited subject may therefore give rise to a claim
of collusion. It is
therefore of the utmost importance to avoid any contacts with competitors that
might support any suspicion of collusion. 

 3. Pricing
Decisions 

 Indalex Aluminum Solutions 
pricing decisions must be independently made in light of relevant market
conditions and competitive information obtained from sources other than
competitors. Such decisions must never
be based upon an agreement with a competitor or upon information received from
a competitor. 

8 

4. Trade
Associations 

 Employees who participate in industry trade associations must not
engage in any discussions or activities that might suggest collusion with a
competitor. Consequently, employees must
 immediately terminate any discussion,
including so-called off-the record discussions, with a competitor about
prices, bids, terms of sale, or the other prohibited subjects listed
above. It is not acceptable simply to
remain silent during such a discussion; employees must affirmatively terminate
the discussion and leave the room or the meeting if necessary. No statistical or other business information
may be submitted to a trade association or for a benchmarking exercise among
competitors without prior written approval from the General Counsel. 

 5. Pricing
Decisions of Customers 

 Indalex Aluminum Solutions 
customers must also make their pricing decisions independently based on
relevant market conditions and information obtained from non-competitive
sources. Accordingly, employees must
never direct customers to charge a specific resale price or require that a
customer s prices be higher or lower. 
The Indalex Aluminum Solutions
Companies are permitted in certain circumstances to suggest resale prices, but
this practice must be approved in advance by General Counsel. Employees are strictly forbidden from telling
any customer what another customer s retail prices for our products will be in
the future. 

 6. Refusals to Deal 

 The Indalex Aluminum Solutions
Companies are generally free to decide who they will and will not do business
with as long as they do so independently. 
The Indalex Aluminum Solutions General Counsel should be consulted
before any Company refuses to sell to any customer or prospective customer for
other than valid credit reasons. General
Counsel must be consulted before entering into any agreement with another firm
to refrain from doing business with a third party. 

 7. Price Discrimination 

 Where
our customers compete with each other, the Indalex Aluminum Solutions products
and services are to be made available to them on a fair and equitable basis
without discrimination in price, unless a lower price is justified by a
demonstrable cost savings or is necessary to meet an equally low price of a
competitor. (The rules for justifying
volume discounts differ in Canada; 

9 

when in doubt, consult with counsel.) Preferential pricing based upon reciprocal
favorable treatment, commissions or other payments by a customer are
prohibited. No new class of customers
should be created without prior approval from the Indalex Aluminum Solutions 
General Counsel. 

 8. Unfair
Competition 

 Generally, marketing communications should address the merits of
Indalex Aluminum Solutions and their products. 
No employee may communicate inaccurate information about a competitor or
competitive products. Never make a
derogatory statement about a competitor or its products unless the statement is
supported by facts that you can prove. 
Employees are strictly prohibited from attempting to obtain by improper
means a competitor s trade secrets or other proprietary or confidential
information. 

 9. Advertising 

 All advertising commissioned by the 
Indalex Aluminum Solutions must be carefully reviewed in advance to
assure that it is true and not misleading. 
All product claims must be substantiated before an ad may be used. Relevant facts may not be omitted if their
omission makes the advertising deceptive. 
All advertising comparing an 
Indalex Aluminum Solutions product or service to that of a competitor
must be cleared in advance by the 
Indalex Aluminum Solutions General Counsel. 

 10. Penalties 

 The penalties for violating the antitrust laws are severe. If an employee commits an antitrust
violation, Indalex Aluminum Solutions
may be exposed to substantial criminal fines even though the employee s conduct
was against Company policy. Indalex
Aluminum Solutions would also be subject to treble damage civil suits by injured
persons. Individuals who commit an
antitrust violation may be convicted of a felony and sentenced to prison, and
may also be assessed substantial fines that cannot be reimbursed. These penalties apply even though the
individual did not personally benefit from the conduct. In addition, employees found to have engaged
in antitrust violations will be disciplined, including termination from
employment and loss of benefits. 

 VI. Securities;
Inside Information 

 All employees have
legal duties regarding information they have obtained through their employment
that relates to the value of shares in 
Indalex Aluminum Solutions stock. 
An employee who has acquired non-public information about Indalex Aluminum Solutions affairs that
might influence an investor in any Indalex Aluminum Solutions 

10 

Company (or an investor
in the stock of another firm with which the 
Indalex Aluminum Solutions are dealing) to sell, hold or buy shares is
prohibited from using that information for personal gain or disclosing that information
to any non-employees for them to use. All employees should exercise diligence to
maintain the confidentiality of significant non-public information that
concerns the Indalex Aluminum Solutions
and the firms with which they deal. Any
situation that suggests the possibility of trading securities on the basis of
confidential or inside information should be promptly reported to the Companies 
Chief Compliance Officer. 

 VII. Environmental
Compliance 

 Indalex Aluminum
Solutions are fully committed to complying with all environmental laws and
regulations. All employees are expected
to provide truthful and accurate information to government permitting
authorities in connection with any application for an environmental permit or
any report that may be called for under such a permit. The use of hazardous materials is sometimes
unavoidable in our business. These
materials must be stored properly to ensure that contact with the environment
is minimized and limited to established accepted circumstances. All wastes that are generated must be stored
as required by law and must be recycled or disposed of at a state or federally
approved facility that has also been approved by the applicable Company. Employees must notify their supervisors or
the Companies Chief Compliance Officer of all circumstances in which hazardous
materials are improperly handled or disposed of, or in which a potential
violation of law may exist. 

 VIII. Political
Contributions 

 United
States election laws prohibit a corporation from making contributions to any
political candidate, campaign committee, or other organization in connection
with any federal election. Employees are
therefore strictly prohibited from making any expenditure on behalf of Indalex Aluminum
Solutions in connection with a federal election. Canadian law also contains restrictions on a
corporation when making contributions to a political candidate, party or other
organization in connection with the federal election. Consequently, no such contributions may be
made on behalf of Indalex Aluminum Solutions without prior approval of the
Companies General Counsel and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Companies employees are free, of course,
to participate or make contributions in political campaigns as individuals, but
no contribution or expense may be reimbursed by any Company. State/Provincial and local laws vary. No employee, however, shall make a
contribution to a state/provincial or local election on behalf of any Company
without prior written approval from the 
Indalex Aluminum Solutions General Counsel and the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company. 

11 

IX. Foreign
Payments 

 The
United States Corrupt Practices Act imposes strict limitations on payments by
U.S. persons to officials of foreign countries, including Canada. In Canada, the Corruption of Foreign Public
Officials Act imposes similar limitations on the making or offering of payments
or other benefits by Canadians to officials of foreign countries, including the
U.S. These laws expressly prohibit Indalex
Aluminum Solutions and their employees from paying or offering to pay anything
of value for the purpose of influencing an official s decisions or actions in
connection with the Companies business. 
These laws do allow for payments to foreign officials in order to secure
 routine governmental action such as the issuance of permits or licenses, the
processing of government documents, the scheduling of inspections and similar
matters. All non-routine payments to
foreign officials must be approved by the Companies Chief Compliance Officer
prior to any offer of payment being made. 

 X. Employee
Relations 

 All employees are
expected to understand and comply fully with Civil Rights and Human Rights
laws. In the U.S., Indalex Aluminum Solutions are Equal Opportunity
Employers within the meaning of federal, state and local civil rights laws. 

 1. Discrimination 

 Civil rights and human rights laws prohibit employers from
discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, age, qualified disabled status, handicap and other protected
characteristics. 

 The Indalex Aluminum Solutions Equal Employment
Opportunity policy applies to all aspects of employment, including hiring,
advancement, training, compensation and benefits, discipline, termination, or
any condition of employment. 

 Our Equal
Employment Opportunity policy means that people are not to be treated
differently based on stereotypes or prejudice. 
For example, an employee with HIV (AIDS virus) or any other disability
is protected by the policy and shall not be discriminated against based on
prejudice or unwarranted fears. 

12 

2. Harassment 

 Civil rights and
human rights laws also prohibit racial harassment, sexual harassment, and
harassment of any individual because of any other protected
characteristic. Unlawful harassment
includes slurs, hostile acts, stereotyping, disparaging jokes or comments, and
any other conduct that denigrates or shows hostility, aversion or low regard
for a person because of any protected characteristic. 

 Sexual harassment
includes unwelcome sexual advances, suggestive language or pictures, and other
statements or conduct of a sexual nature, which create a hostile or
intimidating work environment. Examples
of sexual harassment include the following: 

 unwelcome
touching, even if not obviously sexual (e.g., patting a shoulder or holding an
arm) 

 sexual
statements or propositions 

 unwelcome
statements even if not obviously sexual (e.g., comments that an employee is attractive 
or has great legs 

 unwelcome
insistence on social contact (e.g., repeated requests for a date, insisting
on sitting across from an employee at lunch) 

 unwelcome
prying into an employee s personal life (e.g., asking employee if she has a
boyfriend or about other romantic relationships or activities) 

 any
other actions or statements that may create a hostile or intimidating
environment (e.g., pin-up pictures, smutty comments or jokes, sexually
related gag cards , offensive notes, spreading offensive rumors) 

 showing
favoritism based upon a romantic relationship or upon an employee s willingness
to tolerate sexual harassment 

 retaliating
in any way against an employee who refuses to accept sexual harassment or who
complains about an occurrence of sexual harassment 

13 

3. Equal Opportunity 

Indalex Aluminum Solutions strictly prohibits unlawful harassment, or
other conduct contrary to our policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Any employee who feels that he or she is
being subjected to conduct, statements or an environment that violates any of
the above policies should immediately report the matter to a supervisor or to
the Companies Chief Compliance Officer. 

 XI. Confidential Information 

 Employees must at
all times maintain the confidentiality of non-public information of Indalex
Aluminum Solutions and their customers, suppliers, distributors and others with
whom we do business. Confidential
information is information of a non-public, proprietary or secret nature
related to our business or relating to another firm but disclosed to us in
connection with our business. It
includes, among other things, all trade secrets, formulas, financial data,
know-how, manufacturing techniques, research and development information,
business forecasts, personnel information, marketing plans and information
concerning employees, customers and vendors. 
Employees must keep all such information confidential even after they
have left the employment of Indalex Aluminum
Solutions. 

 XII. Work
Safety 

 Applicable laws
require an employer to provide a safe workplace. All employees share in this
responsibility. In addition, an employer
must comply with all occupational safety and health standards. These standards include, but are not limited
to, requiring employees to wear appropriate protection, providing proper
training and supervision, and informing employees of any toxic or hazardous
substances in the workplace. 

 Indalex Aluminum
Solutions have a Safety Plan that covers issues such as lockout/tagout,
forklift permitting, work in confined spaces, and other specific matters. Indalex Aluminum Solutions also have a
Hazard Communication/Right to Know program, providing for material safety data
sheets and other information relating to hazardous chemicals. From time to time, we also post safety standards. Employees are expected to read and comply
with these plans and standards. All
employees are expected to immediately report any dangerous condition or any
suspected violations of safety standards to their supervisor, or the Companies 
Chief Compliance Officer. 

 XIII. Product Safety 

 Indalex Aluminum
Solutions have an obligation to ensure that there is no unreasonable risk of
harm to any person using our products. 
Employees must exercise care in formulating, producing, storing and
transporting our products to assure that quality standards are met. Testing and
inspections must conform to policy and be properly 

14 

documented. Product advertising, packaging, and labeling
must be informative, accurate and in conformity with applicable
regulations. Employees must promptly
report to their supervisor or to the Companies Chief Compliance Officer any
defect, danger or misrepresentation associated with any Company product. 

 XIV. Requests for Information 

 All employees who
receive a non-routine inquiry from any governmental agency, media
representative, or other third party requesting an interview or seeking
information about Indalex Aluminum Solutions or their products, should refer
the inquiry to an authorized company spokesperson and are required to
immediately notify their supervisor. 
This policy applies whether or not the request relates to a confidential
or proprietary matter. Adherence to this
policy will assure that questions are answered by authorized personnel who have
unrestricted access to all of Indalex Aluminum Solutions pertinent
information. 

 XV. Administration and Enforcement 

 Failure to comply
with this Code of Conduct may result in disciplinary action, including
termination of employment. Routine
questions concerning the Code should be directed to your immediate supervisor
or, at your discretion, to your business unit s Chief Compliance Officer. 

 XVI. Rights or Benefits Conferred 

 This Code does not
confer any rights or benefits, nor does it change your employment status. For example, if you were an at-will employee
before signing the acknowledgment below, you will still be an at-will employee
after signing it. This Code does not
constitute an employment contract or an assurance of continued employment. Further, nothing in this Code shall be construed
as changing or modifying the terms of any employment or other contract with
Indalex Aluminum Solutions. Indalex
Aluminum Solutions retains the right, at their sole discretion, to change any
policy, procedure or term of this Code at any time and in any manner. 

 XVII. Reporting Violations 

 All employees are
required to promptly report suspected violations of the law, or of this Code,
to their immediate supervisor or, at your discretion, to your business unit s
Chief Compliance Officer. All reports
will be received with the understanding that no discipline or other retaliatory
action shall be taken against any employee informing the Company of any
suspected violation by another employee. 
Employees may also, at their discretion, report suspected violations anonymously
using the Indalex Aluminum Solutions 

15 

compliance
hotline, called Honor Line, at 877.684.9585. 
The submission of a false report is strictly prohibited. Additional information on the Honor Line
accompanies this Code and may be obtained from the Chief Compliance
Officer. All reports will be handled
confidentially. 

16 

Indalex Aluminum Solutions 
 EMPLOYEE CODE OF
CONDUCT 

 EMPLOYEE
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 

 I have received,
read, understand and agree to comply fully with The Indalex Aluminum Solutions 
Employee Code of Conduct. 

Name (Print): 

Position: 

Company: 

Signature: 

Date: 

This
acknowledgement is to be completed and sent to the Chief Compliance Officer at
the address below: 

 Bill Corley 

 Indalex Aluminum
Solutions Group 

 75 Tri-State
International Suite 450 

 Lincolnshire,
Illinois 60069 

17 

INDALEX
ALUMINUM SOLUTIONS 

 EMPLOYEE CODE OF CONDUCT 

 ANNUAL
COMPLIANCE AUDIT 

 Please answer the
following questions. If the answer to
any of Questions 2 through 12 is Yes, you must attach a brief statement
explaining the facts that support your answer. 

Yes 

No 

1. 

Have you read the Indalex Aluminum Solutions 
 Employee Code 

of Conduct and do you understand it? 

2. 

Are you aware of any situation in which an 

employee has a conflict of interest, or in which 

an employee received a gift or other compensation 

in excess of 100.00 from any individual or company
 doing 

business or seeking to do business with the Company? 

3. 

Are you aware of any fraud, embezzlement, or 

unrecorded fund or asset? 

4. 

Are you aware of any Company record, report or 

advertising that is inaccurate? 

5. 

Are you aware of any violation of any federal, 

state, or local environmental, work safety or 

product safety law? 

6. 

Are you aware of any situation in which an employee 

communicated competitive information to, or received 

such information from, a competitor? 

7. 

Are you aware of any circumstance in which an 

employee recommended a resale price to a 

distributor, or agreed to act as a conduit of
 pricing 

information between customers? 

18 

Yes 

No 

8. 

Are you aware of any practice that violates the 

Company s antitrust and unfair competition 

policies? 

9. 

Are you aware of any potential violation of the 

employment policies set forth in the Employee Code 

of Conduct, including the policies against racial 

discrimination and sexual harassment? 

10. 

Are you aware of any unauthorized disclosure of 

information to a third party? 

11. 

Are you aware of any inquiry by any media 

representative, government agency or other third 

party seeking an interview or information from 

the Company? 

12. 

Are you aware of any potential violation of our 

Code of Conduct or any other transaction, practice 

or event that should be brought to the Company s 

attention? 

The foregoing
answers and any attached explanations are true to the best of my knowledge and
belief. 

Employee s Name (Print) 

Signature 

Date: 

, 20 

Complete this
Audit When Directed and Send to the Company s Chief Compliance Officer. 

 Bill Corley 

 Indalex Aluminum
Solutions Group 

 75 Tri-State
International Suite 450 

 Lincolnshire ,
Illinois 60069 

19 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 a07-8347_1ex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 

 I, Timothy R.J.
Stubbs, certify that: 

 1. I have reviewed
this annual report on Form 10-K of Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc.; 

 2. Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements, and other information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

 4. The registrant s
other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and we have: 

 a. designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b. evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

 c. disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The registrant s
other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a. all significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

 b. any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

 Date: April
2, 2007 

By: 

/s/ TIMOTHY R.J.
 STUBBS 

Name: 

Timothy R.J. Stubbs 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 a07-8347_1ex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 

 I, Michael E.
Alger, certify that: 

 1. I have reviewed
this annual report on Form 10-K of Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc.; 

 2. Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements, and other information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

 4. The registrant s
other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and we have: 

 a. designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b. evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

 c. disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The registrant s
other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 a. all significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

 b. any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

 Date: April
2, 2007 

By: 

/s/ MICHAEL E.
 ALGER 

Name: 

Michael E. Alger 

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 a07-8347_1ex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 In connection with
the Annual Report of Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2006, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Timothy R.J. Stubbs, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as
adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

 (1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

 (2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. 

 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report
or as a separate disclosure document. 

 Date: April
2, 2007 

By: 

/s/ TIMOTHY R.J.
 STUBBS 

Name: 

Timothy R.J. Stubbs 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or
otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has
been provided to Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc. and will be retained by
Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 a07-8347_1ex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 In connection with
the Annual Report of Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2006, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Michael E. Alger, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

 (1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

 (2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. 

 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report
or as a separate disclosure document. 

 Date: April
2, 2007 

By: 

/s/ MICHAEL E.
 ALGER 

Name: 

Michael E. Alger 

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or
otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has
been provided to Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc. and will be retained by
Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 8
 a07-8347_1ex99d1.htm
 EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

 Unaudited Pro
Forma Condensed Combined Financial Data 

 We derived the following unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial data by applying pro forma adjustments to the historical
year-end combined financial statements of Indalex included elsewhere in
this report. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations
data for the periods presented give effect to the Honeywell Acquisition and the
Transactions, including the offering of the outstanding notes, and the
application of the net proceeds therefrom, as if the Honeywell Acquisition and
the Transactions had occurred at the beginning of the periods presented. We
describe the assumptions underlying the pro forma adjustments in the accompanying
notes which should be read in conjunction with these unaudited pro forma
condensed combined financial statements. The pro forma balance sheet as of
December 31, 2006 is not presented, because the Transactions are already
reflected in the balance sheet as of December 31, 2006. 

 In order to provide a comparison for purposes of the
discussion of our results of operations for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2005 and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006,
the results of Predecessor 1 for the period from January 1, 2005
to March 31, 2005 have been combined with the results of Predecessor 2
for the period from April 1, 2005 to December 31, 2005 and the
results of Predecessor 2 for the period from January 1, 2006 to February 1,
2006 have been combined with the results of Successor for the period from
February 2, 2006 to December 31, 2006. Because Predecessor 1,
Predecessor 2 and Successor are different reporting entities, this
information should be considered as supplemental information only. 

 Although we have provided these combined results in
order to provide a comparison for purposes of the discussion of the periods
presented, this presentation is not in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles and the periods presented are not comparable due to the
change in basis of assets that resulted from the application of the purchase
method of accounting in connection with the Honeywell Acquisition and the
Holdings Acquisition. 

 The Honeywell Acquisition was accounted for under
purchase accounting. As a result, a portion of the total cost of the Honeywell
Acquisition was allocated to our assets and liabilities based upon their fair
value as of March 31, 2005, the date of the Honeywell Acquisition. The pro
forma adjustments for the Honeywell Acquisition give effect to these purchase
accounting adjustments as of the first day of the periods presented. We have
also accounted for the Holdings Acquisition under the purchase method of
accounting. The pro forma adjustments related to the purchase price allocation
in connection with the Holdings Acquisition are subject to finalization of the
tax indemnification and based on information obtained to date. The actual
purchase accounting adjustments described in the accompanying notes may differ
from those reflected in these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
statements. The actual amounts that we record based on our final allocation of
the purchase price, after giving effect to the tax indemnification, may differ
materially from those recorded in our unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial data. 

 The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
data is for informational purposes only and should not be considered indicative
of actual results that would have been achieved had the Honeywell Acquisition
or the Transactions been consummated on the date or for the periods indicated
and do not purport to indicate results of operations as of any future date or
any future period. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial data
should be read in conjunction with the information contained in Selected
Historical Combined Financial and Operating Data, Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Indalex
historical combined financial statements and accompanying notes included
elsewhere in this prospectus. 

Unaudited Pro
Forma Condensed Consolidated Statements of 
Operations for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2006 
(Dollars in thousands) 

Predecessor 2 

Successor 

January 1, 
 2006 to 

February 2, 
 2006 to 

Fiscal Year Ended 
 December 31, 2006 

February 1, 
 2006 

December 31, 
 2006 

Transactions 
 Adjustments 

Pro Forma 

Net sales 

100,019 

1,142,842 

1,242,861 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of sales 

95,127 

1,058,677 

(7,767 
 
)(a) 

1,146,041 

(4 
 
)(b) 

8 

(c) 

Selling, general
 and administrative 

5,548 

54,966 

(1 
 
)(b) 

60,794 

70 

(c) 

211 

(d) 

Management fees
 to affiliates 

125 

1,634 

(25 
 
)(f) 

1,734 

Amortization of
 intangible assets 

920 

10,736 

44 

(g) 

11,700 

Impairment of
 long-lived assets 

7,248 

7,248 

Restructuring
 charges 

1,772 

1,772 

(Gain) loss on
 disposal of assets 

255 

255 

Other expense 

195 

1,016 

(743 
 
)(h) 

468 

Mark-to-market
 on derivatives 

(3,619 

7,560 

3,941 

Total costs and
 expenses 

98,296 

1,143,864 

(8,207 

1,233,953 

Income from operations 

1,723 

(1,022 

8,207 

8,908 

Other income (expense): 

External
 interest expense 

(24 

(35,745 

(3,061 
 
)(i) 

(38,830 

Deferred
 financing costs 

(2,220 

(202 
 
)(j) 

(2,422 

Income from
 equity method investment in AAG 

643 

11,841 

12,484 

Affiliated
 acquisition fees 

(5,475 

(5,475 

Income (loss) before
 income taxes 

2,342 

(32,621 

4,944 

(25,335 

Income tax (benefit)
 provision 

703 

(8,723 

1,687 

(k) 

(6,333 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

1,639 

(23,898 

3,257 

(19,002 

Unaudited Pro
Forma Condensed Combined Statement of 
Income for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2005 
(Dollars in thousands) 

Predecessor 1 

Predecessor 2 

Fiscal Year Ended 
 December 31, 2005 

January 1, 2005 
 to March 31, 
 2005 

April 1, 2005 to 
 December 31, 
 2005 

Transaction 
 Adjustments 

Pro Forma 

Net sales 

239,849 

781,521 

1,021,370 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of sales 

221,542 

727,799 

(4,427 
 
)(l) 

945,507 

572 

(b) 

21 

(c) 

Selling, general
 and administrative 

15,593 

35,933 

117 

(b) 

51,725 

177 

(c) 

(1,244 
 
)(d) 

1,149 

(e) 

Management fees
 to affiliates 

700 

1,131 

(576 
 
)(f) 

1,255 

Amortization of
 intangibles assets 

8,282 

3,288 

(g) 

11,570 

Other (income)
 expense 

1,794 

(557 

1,237 

Mark-to-market
 on derivatives 

285 

(1,200 

(915 

Total costs and
 expenses 

239,914 

771,388 

(923 

1,010,379 

Income (loss) from
 operations 

(65 

10,133 

923 

10,991 

Other income (expense): 

Interest to
 affiliates net 

(1,208 

(3,712 

4,920 

(m) 

External
 interest net 

(189 

189 

(m) 

(36,728 
 
)(i) 

(36,728 

Deferred
 financing costs 

(2,424 
 
)(j) 

(2,424 

Income from
 equity method investment in AAG 

1,557 

9,380 

10,937 

Dividend income from affiliates 

9,077 

(9,077 
 
)(n) 

Income (loss) before
 income taxes 

9,361 

15,612 

(42,197 

(17,224 

Income tax (benefit)
 provision 

9 

1,912 

(15,014 
 
)(k) 

(13,093 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

9,352 

13,700 

(27,183 

(4,131 

Notes to the
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined 
Statement of Operations 
(Dollars in thousands) 

 (a) To
eliminate the effect of the write-up of inventory to fair value in
connection with purchase accounting for the Transactions. 

 (b) To
reflect an increase in depreciation expense related to an increase in the value
of fixed assets as part of the purchase price allocation for the Transactions
for periods prior to February 2, 2006. 

 (c) To
reflect the elimination of amortization of unrecognized investment loss on
pension assets related to employees retained by Honeywell. 

 (d) To
eliminate stock option expense related to options to purchase stock of Novar
plc. 

 (e) To
reflect estimated stock compensation expense related to the Indalex Holdings
Finance stock option plan. In May 2006 certain employees of the Company were
granted options to purchase shares of Indalex Holdings Finance, Inc. For
periods prior to May 2006, additional stock compensation expense was
recorded, assuming the options were granted at the beginning of the period. The
fair value of options on their grant date was measured using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model, using the same assumptions as those used for options
granted in May of 2006. Key assumptions used to apply this pricing model
are as follows: 

Risk-free interest rate 

4.98 

Expected life
 option grants (in years) 

6.42 

Expected
 volatility of underlying stock 

26.3 

Expected dividend yield 

0.0 

(f) To
reflect elimination of management fees paid to Novar plc and affiliates, and to
reflect management fees payable to an affiliate of Sun Capital. See Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The
Transactions Stand Alone Company. 

 (g) To
reflect the increase in amortization expense related to an increase in value of
trademark and customer lists as part of the purchase price allocation for the
Transactions for periods prior to February 2, 2006. 

 (h) To
reflect the elimination of costs related
to the Transactions paid directly by Indalex. 

 (i) To
record additional interest expense and unamortized discount on the notes,
excluding amortization of deferred financing costs, as follows: 

Principal 
 Amount 

Interest 
 Rate 

Fiscal Year 
 Ended 
 December 31, 
 2005 

Fiscal Year 
 Ended 
 December 31, 
 2006 

Interest on notes 

270,000 

11.500 

31,050 

2,588 

Interest on revolving
 credit facility 

68,839 

(1) 

6.94 

(2) 

4,778 

398 

Undrawn facility fee
 for revolving credit facility 

N/A 

0.375 

492 

41 

Cash interest
 adjustment 

36,320 

3,027 

Amortization of notes
 discount 

N/A 

N/A 

408 

34 

Adjustment 

36,728 

3,061 

(1) Includes
outstanding revolving credit facility as of February 2, 2006, including
 28.0 million of borrowings under the Canadian sub-facility portion
of the revolving credit facility. 

 (2) Represents
1 year LIBOR plus 2.0 . LIBOR is assumed to be 4.94 (based on 1 year LIBOR as
of January 6, 2006). A 0.125 variance in the actual interest rate on our
revolving credit facility would cause a corresponding increase or decrease in
our annual interest expense of 0.1 million and, assuming an effective tax
rate of 35 , in our annual net income of 0.1 million. 

 (j) To
reflect amortization of deferred financing costs on debt incurred in connection
with the Transactions. 

 (k) To
reflect changes in the income tax (benefit) provision based on an assumed
effective tax rate of 35 . 

 (l) To
eliminate the effect of the write-up of inventory to fair value in connection
with purchase accounting for the Honeywell Acquisition. 

 (m) To
reflect the elimination of interest expense on indebtedness repaid by Honeywell
on the closing date. 

 (n) To
eliminate dividend income from affiliates of Novar plc. 

</EX-99.1>

