<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20070227_10-K_edgar_data_320186_0000950129-07-000933.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>757323</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>240630</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>7970</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>347431</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950129-07-000933.hdr.sgml : 20070227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20070227171307
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950129-07-000933
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20061231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20070227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20070227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GREY WOLF INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000320186
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DRILLING OIL & GAS WELLS [1381]
		IRS NUMBER:				742144774
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08226
		FILM NUMBER:		07654186

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10370 RICHMOND AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77042-4136
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7138740202

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10370 RICHMOND AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77042-4136

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DI INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DRILLERS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870519

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 SqcqL6PKJaOntz0QGejJho4liQdaUedlbp3VyDnaVJaYmSi5G5U9WlEV6vGkMMDR
 icvjNDAQFN8apT7VublIMQ==

 0000950129-07-000933.txt : 20070227

10-K
 1
 h44041e10vk.htm
 FORM 10-K - ANNUAL REPORT

e10vk 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2006 

Commission file number 1-8226 

GREY WOLF, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Texas 

74-2144774 

(State or other jurisdiction of

(I.R.S. Employer 

incorporation or organization)

Identification Number) 

10370 Richmond Avenue, Suite 600, Houston, Texas 

77042 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 713-435-6100

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

N ame of each exchange 

Title of each class 

on which registered 

Common Stock, par value 0.10 

American Stock Exchange 

Rights to Purchase Junior Participating 

American Stock Exchange 

Preferred Stock, par value 1.00 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in
Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section
13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed
by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation
S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated
filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of accelerated filer and large accelerated
filer in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act.) Yes No X 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting stock held by non-affiliates on June 30,
2006 based upon the closing price on the American Stock Exchange on that date was approximately
 1.4 billion.

At February 20, 2007, 185,258,709 shares of the Registrant s common stock were outstanding.

The following documents have been incorporated by reference into the Parts of this Report
indicated: Certain sections of the registrant s definitive proxy statement for the registrant s
2007 Annual Meeting of shareholders which is to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 within 120 days of the Registrant s fiscal year ended December 31,
2006, are incorporated by reference into Part III hereof.

GREY WOLF, INC. 

Index to Annual Report 
on Form 10-K for the 
Year Ended December 31, 2006

Page 

Part I 

Item 1. 

Business 

3 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

8 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

15 

Item 2. 

Properties 

15 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

17 

Item 4. 

Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

17 

Part II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

17 

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data 

19 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis Of Financial Condition and Results Of Operations 

20 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 

33 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

34 

Item 9. 

Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial 

59 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

59 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

59 

Part III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

59 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

59 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholders Matters 

60 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

60 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

60 

Part IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

61 

Signatures 

65 

Consent of KPMG LLP 
 Certification of CEO Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 Certification of CFO Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 Certifications Pursuant to Section 1350 

-2- 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

General 

Grey Wolf, Inc., a Texas corporation formed in 1980, is a leading provider of contract land
drilling services in the United States. Our customers include independent producers and major oil
and natural gas companies. We conduct all of our operations through our subsidiaries. Our
principal office is located at 10370 Richmond Avenue, Suite 600, Houston, Texas 77042, and our
telephone number is (713) 435-6100. Our website address is www.gwdrilling.com.

We make available free of charge through our website our annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports as
soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. Information on our website is not a part of this report.

Business Strategy 

Within the framework of a very cyclical industry, our strategy is to maximize shareholder value
during each phase of an industry cycle. To achieve that strategy, we seek to enter each phase of
our industry s cycles in a stronger position by incorporating the following:

Customer and Marketing Efforts

delivering quality, value-added service to our customers; 

maintaining a strong position in the markets where we operate; 

responding to market conditions by balancing dayrates we receive on our rigs with the number of rigs we market; 

using term contracts to provide sufficient cash flow to recover, after operating
expenses, a majority of the incremental capital expended for the purchase of new rigs; 

Equipment and Operations

maintaining a premium fleet of equipment with a bias toward deep and horizontal/directional drilling; 

enhancing cash flow through our turnkey and trucking operations and use of our top drives; 

controlling costs and exercising capital spending discipline; 

Growth and Return Opportunities

searching for new market opportunities where we believe our quality fleet of rigs
would be able to generate attractive returns; and 

searching for potential strategic acquisition candidates. 

In the second quarter of 2006, we began a common stock repurchase program as another means to
improve shareholder value. We repurchased 65.1 million of our common stock in 2006 and an
additional 8.0 million in the first quarter of 2007. Up to an additional 26.9 million may be
repurchased by us in 2007 under our current stock repurchase program.

Industry Overview 

According to the Baker Hughes rotary rig count, there were 1,136 land rigs working in the
United States at the peak of the last up cycle in 2001. That number fell to 628 in April 2002, we
believe due to lower commodity prices and the land rig count generally stabilized from April 2002
thru December 2002. Beginning in the first quarter of 2003 the land rig count, per Baker Hughes,
began to increase from an average of 773 rigs working in the first quarter of 2003 to an average of
1,609 rigs working during the fourth quarter of 2006. As of February 16, 2007, there were 1,632
land rigs working. We believe this increase is due to the continued strong commodity prices which

-3- 

Table of Contents 

our customers are receiving for their production. As of February 20, 2007, the average NYMEX
near month contract price of natural gas was 8.22 per Mmbtu, while the average NYMEX near month
contract price of West Texas Intermediate Crude was 61.33 per barrel.

Current Conditions and Outlook 

We, and some of our competitors, have purchased newly-built rigs during the last year and will
be taking delivery of additional rigs during 2007. Three of the six new 1,500 horsepower rigs we
ordered in 2006 are now working. One of the remaining three new rigs is scheduled for delivery
later in the first quarter of 2007, one in the second quarter, and the last rig is expected by the
end of the third quarter. Our ongoing strategy is to only add to capacity with the support of term
contracts. All six of the new rigs, as well as the 17 refurbishments completed over the last two
years were supported by long-term contracts under which we expect to recover, during the initial
contract term, the cost of the capital expended.

A January 1, 2007 report published by RIGDATA showed that 354 newly-built or refurbished rigs
are expected to enter the domestic land drilling market in 2007. As a result of the
newly-built and refurbished rigs that have come to market in recent months, there is currently some
excess capacity of land drilling rigs, and this may increase as additional rigs enter the market. Over
the last several months, we and some of our competitors have experienced and may continue to experience some rigs
becoming idle which could affect future utilization of our rigs. Late in the fourth
quarter of 2006, we began to see a weakening in spot market
dayrates in connection with the excess supply of land drilling rigs. In addition, since that time we have
experienced between a 5 to 15 average decline in the dayrates we use in bidding on drilling contracts.
However, we have a significant number of existing term contracts at fixed dayrates that have buffered our
exposure to the recent erosion in spot market dayrates and the effects of extra capacity.
Additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2006, we had several term contracts that
renewed at higher dayrates. The dayrates on these rollovers increased as dayrates were
significantly lower at the time we entered into the contract, which was up to two years
prior. As a result of these rollovers and our term contract exposure, the average dayrates
we expect to realize during the first quarter of 2007 are not expected to be negatively
impacted.
We may experience some decline in our overall dayrates beginning in the second quarter
of 2007 as some of our spot and term contracts come up for renewal at the lower rates. However, if
demand for land drilling rigs were to trend upward before the end of the second quarter, we may see
no effect of the recent reductions in spot market dayrates.

As of February 20, 2007 we had 31,500 rig days contracted for under term contracts, as
compared with 33,900 rig days under term contract at September 30, 2006, and 31,100 rig days under
term contract at February 20, 2006. Our rig days under contract at February 20, 2007 is
approximately equivalent to an average of 59 rigs working under term contracts for 2007 and an
average of 19 rigs working for 2008. At February 20, 2007 we had 83 rigs working under term
contracts, representing 70 of our total rig fleet. These term contracts are expected to provide revenue of
approximately 461.9 million in 2007 and 160.8 million in 2008. Over the last several months, the
rate at which we have been able to sign new term contracts has slowed significantly.

Even with the effects of excess capacity, we believe the outlook for oil and natural gas
prices, as well as the outlook for land drilling contractors, remains positive. The land rig count
is still at historically high levels owing to historically robust oil and natural gas
commodity prices. We believe these prices provide our customers with solid cash flow to pursue oil
and natural gas prospects in the areas where we drill. In addition, natural gas production decline
rates are steeper than ever, and despite record drilling levels during the past several years there
has been no meaningful increase in domestic natural gas production.

We will continue to focus on a balanced strategy of investing our cash flow in the term
contract-backed growth and upgrade of our rig fleet and the improvement of our balance sheet and
returning cash to our shareholders through the common stock repurchase program.

Operations 

At February 20, 2007 we had a rig fleet of 118 rigs, all of which were marketed.

We currently conduct our operations primarily in the following domestic drilling markets:

Ark-La-Tex; 

Gulf Coast; 

Mississippi/Alabama; 

South Texas; 

Rocky Mountain; 

Mid-Continent. 

-4- 

Table of Contents 

We
continually evaluate opportunities to enter foreign markets in which we can enter into term
contracts to support such a commitment. Most of the wells we drilled for our customers were
drilled in search of natural gas. Larger natural gas reserves are typically found in deeper
geological formations and generally require premium equipment and quality crews to drill the wells.
In addition, with continued technological advances in the industry, our customers are drilling an
increasing number of directional and horizontal wells. Drilling directional and horizontal wells
generally requires larger rigs capable of drilling to depths in excess of 15,000 feet. Our fleet
of rigs consists of 84 rigs, or 71 of the total fleet, capable of drilling to 15,000 feet or
deeper and fit well with the trend in the industry.

Below is a summary of the deployment of our rig fleet throughout the geographic market areas
in which we operate, the relative amount of dayrate versus turnkey work done in these areas in 2006
and the average revenue per rig day we produced in each market area. All rig deployment counts are
as of February 20, 2007:

Ark-La-Tex Division. Our Ark-La-Tex division provides drilling services primarily in
Northeast Texas, Northern Louisiana and Southern Arkansas, and the Mississippi/Alabama market. We
have 28 marketed rigs in this division consisting of 17 diesel electric rigs and 11 mechanical
rigs. These rigs include four trailer-mounted rigs, one that is diesel electric and three that are
mechanical. Our Ark-La-Tex division also operates a fleet of 26 trucks which is used exclusively
to move our rigs.

We had an average of 24 rigs working in our Ark-La-Tex division during 2006. Daywork
contracts generated approximately 93 of the division s revenues, while turnkey contracts generated
the remaining 7 . The average revenue per rig day worked by the division during 2006 was 20,107.

Gulf Coast Division. Our Gulf Coast division provides drilling services in Southern Louisiana
and along the upper Texas Gulf Coast. We have 27 marketed rigs in this division consisting of 22
diesel electric rigs and five mechanical rigs.

We had an average of 24 rigs working in our Gulf Coast division during 2006. Daywork
contracts generated approximately 59 of the division s revenues, while turnkey contracts generated
the remaining 41 . The average revenue per rig day worked by the division during 2006 was 29,393.

South Texas Division. We have 29 marketed rigs in this division. These marketed rigs consist
of 16 diesel electric rigs and 13 mechanical rigs. Eight of these marketed rigs are
trailer-mounted. The South Texas division also operates a fleet of 34 trucks which is used
exclusively to move our rigs.

We had an average of 28 rigs working in our South Texas division during 2006. Daywork
contracts generated approximately 66 of the division s revenues, while turnkey contracts generated
the remaining 34 . The average revenue per rig day worked by the division during 2006 was 26,611.

Rocky Mountain Division. Our Rocky Mountain division provides drilling services in the market
area which consists of Wyoming, Colorado, Northwest Utah and Northern New Mexico. We have 17
marketed rigs in this division consisting of seven diesel electric rigs and 10 mechanical rigs.

We had an average of 16 rigs working in our Rocky Mountain Division during 2006. Daywork
contracts generated 100 of the revenue in this division and the average revenue per rig day worked
during 2006 was 17,472.

Mid-Continent District. Our Mid-Continent district provides drilling services in West Texas,
Southeast New Mexico, the Barnett Shale area in North Texas, and the Mid-Continent region. We have
17 marketed rigs in this district, including nine diesel electric rigs and eight mechanical rigs at
February 20, 2007. Two of these marketed rigs are trailer-mounted. During 2006, we had an average
of 17 rigs working and we averaged revenue per rig day worked of 18,996, all of which was under
daywork contracts.

Contracts 

Our contracts for drilling oil and natural gas wells are obtained either through competitive
bidding or as a result of negotiations with customers. Contract terms offered by us are generally
dependent on the complexity and risk of operations, on-site drilling conditions, type of equipment
used and the anticipated duration of the work to be performed. Drilling contracts can be for a
single or multiple wells. Term drilling contracts typically contain early

-5- 

Table of Contents 

termination penalties while non-term contracts are typically subject to termination by the
customer on short notice with little or no penalty. The contracts generally provide for
compensation on either a daywork, turnkey or footage basis.

Daywork Contracts. Under daywork drilling contracts, we provide a drilling rig with required
personnel to our customer who supervises the drilling of the well. We are paid based on a fixed
rate per day while the rig is utilized. Daywork drilling contracts specify the equipment to be
used, the size of the hole and the depth of the well. Under a daywork drilling contract, the
customer bears a large portion of out-of-pocket costs of drilling. The dayrate we receive is not
dependent on the usual risks associated with drilling, such as time delays for various reasons,
including stuck drill pipe or blowouts. In addition, our daywork contracts generally allow us to
pass crew wage increases to our customers in the form of higher dayrates.

We also enter into term contracts to provide drilling services on a daywork basis. Typically,
the length of our term contracts have ranged from one to three years. They have usually included a
per rig day cancellation fee approximately equal to the dayrate under the contract less estimated
contract drilling operating expenses for the unexpired term of the contract. We seek term
contracts with our customers when we believe that those contracts may mitigate the financial impact
to us of a potential decline in dayrates during the period in which the term contract is in effect.
This provides greater stability to our business and allows us to plan and manage our business more
efficiently. We also have used term contracts to contractually assure that we receive sufficient
cash flow to recover the costs of improvements we make to the rigs under the term contract,
particularly when those improvements are requested by the customer.

Turnkey Contracts. Under a turnkey contract, we contract to drill a well to an agreed upon
depth under specified conditions for a fixed price, regardless of the time required or the problems
encountered in drilling the well. We provide technical expertise and engineering services, as well
as most of the materials required for the well, and are compensated when the contract terms have
been satisfied. Turnkey contracts afford an opportunity to earn a greater financial return than
would normally be available on daywork or footage contracts if the contract can be completed
without major complications and in a timely manner.

The risks to us under a turnkey contract are substantially greater than on a daywork basis
because we assume most of the risks generally assumed by the operator in a daywork contract,
including the risk of blowout, loss of hole, stuck drill pipe, machinery breakdowns, abnormal
drilling conditions and risks associated with subcontractors services, supplies, cost escalation
and personnel. We employ or contract for engineering expertise to analyze seismic, geologic and
drilling data to identify and reduce many of the drilling risks we assume. We use the results of
this analysis to evaluate the risks of a proposed contract and seek to account for such risks in
our bid preparation. We believe our expertise, operating experience, qualified drilling personnel,
risk management program, internal engineering expertise and access to proficient third party
engineering contractors have allowed us to reduce the risks inherent in turnkey drilling
operations. We also maintain insurance coverage against some, but not all, drilling hazards.

Footage Contracts. Under footage contracts, we are paid a fixed amount for each foot drilled,
regardless of the time required or certain problems encountered in drilling the well. We typically
pay more of the out-of-pocket costs associated with footage contracts than under daywork contracts.
Similar to a turnkey contract, the risks to us on a footage contract are greater than under a
daywork contract because we assume some of the risks associated with drilling operations generally
assumed by the operator in a daywork contract. However, the overall risk we assume is generally
not as great as under turnkey contracts. As with turnkey contracts, we manage additional risk
through the use of engineering expertise and bid the footage contracts accordingly. We also
maintain insurance coverage against certain drilling hazards. We did not drill under any footage
contracts during 2006.

Customers and Marketing 

Our contract drilling customers include independent producers and major oil and natural gas
companies. In 2006, 29 of our revenue came from major oil and natural gas companies and large
independent producers, while the remaining 71 came from other independents. For the year ended
December 31, 2006, no individual customer accounted for more than 10 of our revenues. We
primarily market our drilling rigs on a regional basis through employee sales personnel. These
sales representatives utilize personal contacts and industry publications to determine which
operators are planning to drill oil and natural gas wells in the immediate future. Once we have
been placed on the bid list for an operator, we will typically be given the opportunity to bid on
all future wells for that operator in the area.

-6- 

Table of Contents 

From time to time we also enter into informal, nonbinding commitments with our customers to
provide drilling rigs for future periods at agreed upon rates plus fuel and mobilization charges,
if applicable, and escalation provisions. This practice is customary in the land drilling business
during times of increasing rig demand. Although neither we, nor the customer, are legally required
to honor these commitments, we generally satisfy such commitments in order to maintain good
long-term customer relations.

Insurance 

Our operations are subject to the many hazards inherent in the drilling business, including,
for example, blowouts, cratering, fires, explosions and adverse weather. These hazards could cause
personal injury, death, suspend drilling operations or seriously damage or destroy the equipment
involved and could cause substantial damage to producing formations and surrounding areas. Damage
to the environment could also result from our operations, particularly through oil spillage and
extensive, uncontrolled fires. As a protection against operating hazards, we maintain insurance
coverage, including comprehensive general liability, workers compensation insurance, property
casualty insurance on our rigs and drilling equipment, and control of well insurance. In
addition, we have commercial excess liability insurance to cover general liability, auto liability
and workers compensation claims which are higher than the maximum coverage provided under those
policies. The table below and the discussion that follows highlights these coverages as of
February 20, 2007.

Deductible/ 

Limit 
 
 Aggregate 
 
 Self-Insured Retention 

Coverage 
 
 Per Occurrence 
 
 Limit 
 
 per Occurrence 

Workers compensation/
employer liability

Statutory (1) / 1.0 million 
 
 None 
 
 500,000 

Automobile liability

1.0 million 
 
 None 
 
 500,000 

Commercial general liability

1.0 million 
 
 2.0 million 
 
 250,000 

Commercial excess liability

10.0 million 
 
 10.0 million 
 
 Underlying insurance 

Commercial excess liability

90.0 million 
 
 90.0 million 
 
 Underlying insurance 

(1) 
 
 Workers compensation policy limits vary depending on the laws of the particular states in
which we operate. 

Our property casualty insurance coverage for damage to our rigs and drilling equipment is
based on our estimate of the cost of comparable used equipment to replace the insured property.
There is a 125,000 maintenance deductible per occurrence for losses on our rigs. In addition,
there is a deductible of 1,000,000 in the aggregate over the policy period, exclusive of the
maintenance deductible. There is a 75,000 deductible per occurrence on other equipment. We do
not have insurance coverage against loss of earnings resulting from damage to our rigs.

We also maintain insurance coverage to protect against certain hazards inherent in our turnkey
and footage contract drilling operations. This insurance covers control of well (including
blowouts above and below the surface), cratering, seepage and pollution, and care, custody and
control. Our insurance provides 3.5 million coverage per occurrence for care, custody and
control, and coverage per occurrence for control of well, cratering, seepage and pollution
associated with drilling operations of either 10.0 million, with a 225,000 deductible or 40.0
million, with a 375,000 deductible, depending upon the area in which the well is drilled and its
target depth. Each form of coverage provides for a deductible that we must meet, as well as a
maximum limit of liability. Each casualty is an occurrence, and there may be more than one such
occurrence on a well, each of which would be subject to a separate deductible. In addition, there
is a deductible of 1,000,000 in the aggregate over the policy period, exclusive of the maintenance
deductible. Except for care, custody and control and total loss, an aggregate deductible of
 1,000,000 per annum is to apply to our property and casualty and control of well insurance
combined, exclusive of maintenance deductibles. There is a combined single limit of 25.0 million
on any one occurrence and in the annual aggregate in respect of a named windstorm.

No assurances can be given that we will be able to maintain the above-mentioned insurance
types and/or the amounts of coverage that we believe to be adequate. Also, there are no assurances
that these types of coverages will be available in the future. Our insurance may not be sufficient
to protect us against liability for all consequences of well disasters, extensive fire damage,
damage to the environment, damage to producing formations

-7- 

Table of Contents 

or other hazards. Any rising cost, changing deductibles, and/or availability of certain types
of insurance could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
Increases in deductibles could be caused by changes in our claims experience.

Environmental Regulations 

Our operations are subject to stringent federal, state and local laws and regulations
governing protection of the environment. These laws and regulations may require acquisition of
permits before drilling commences and may restrict the types, quantities and concentrations of
various substances that can be released into the environment. Planning and implementation of
protective measures are required to prevent accidental discharges. Spills of oil, natural gas
liquids, drilling fluids, and other substances may subject us to penalties and cleanup
requirements. Handling, storage and disposal of both hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are
subject to regulatory requirements.

The federal Clean Water Act, as amended by the Oil Pollution Act, the federal Clean Air Act,
the federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, and their state counterparts, are the primary
vehicles for imposition of such requirements and for civil, criminal and administrative penalties
and other sanctions for violation of their requirements. In addition, the federal Comprehensive
Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act and similar state statutes impose strict
liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, on certain classes of
persons who are considered responsible for the release of hazardous substances into the
environment. Such liability, which may be imposed for the conduct of others and for conditions
others have caused, includes the cost of remedial action as well as damages to natural resources.

Environmental laws and regulations are complex and subject to frequent change that may result
in more stringent and costly requirements. Compliance with applicable requirements has not, to
date, had a material affect on the cost of our operations, earnings or competitive position.
However, compliance with amended, new or more stringent requirements, stricter interpretations of
existing requirements, or the discovery of contamination may cause us to incur additional costs or
subject us to liabilities that may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and
financial condition.

Our business depends on the demand for services from the oil and natural gas exploration and
development industry, and therefore our business can be affected by political developments and
changes in laws and regulations that control or curtail drilling for oil and natural gas for
economic, environmental or other policy reasons.

Employees 

At February 20, 2007, we had approximately 3,400 employees. None of our employees are subject
to collective bargaining agreements, and we believe our employee relations are satisfactory.

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Below we describe the risks and uncertainties that we believe were material to our
business as of February 20, 2007.

A material or extended decline in expenditures by oil and natural gas exploration and production
companies, due to a decline or volatility in oil and natural gas prices, a decrease in demand for
oil and natural gas, an increase in rig supply or other factors, would reduce our revenue and
income. 

As a supplier of land drilling services, our business depends on the level of drilling
activity by oil and natural gas exploration and production companies operating in the geographic
markets where we operate. The number of wells they choose to drill is strongly influenced by past
trends in oil and natural gas prices, current prices and their outlook for future prices. Mild
weather conditions and increased supply for any other reason could affect these prices. Low oil
and natural gas prices, or the perception among oil and natural gas companies that prices are
likely to decline, can materially and adversely affect us in many ways, including:

our revenues, cash flows and earnings; 

the fair market value of our rig fleet, which in turn could trigger a writedown of
the carrying value of these assets for accounting purposes; 

our ability to maintain or increase our borrowing capacity; 

our ability to obtain additional capital to finance our business and make acquisitions, and the cost of that capital; and 

-8- 

Table of Contents 

our ability to retain skilled rig personnel who we would need in the event of an increase in the demand for our services. 

Depending on the market prices of oil and natural gas, oil and natural gas exploration and
production companies may cancel or curtail their drilling programs, thereby reducing demand for our
services. Even during periods when prices for oil and natural gas are high, companies exploring for
oil and natural gas may cancel or curtail their drilling programs for a variety of other reasons
beyond our control. Any reduction in the demand for drilling services may materially erode
dayrates, the prices we receive for our turnkey drilling services and reduce the number of rigs
under contract, any of which could adversely affect our financial results. Oil and natural gas
prices have been volatile historically and, we believe, will continue to be so in the future. Many
factors beyond our control affect oil and natural gas prices, including:

weather conditions in the United States and elsewhere; 

economic conditions in the United States and elsewhere; 

actions by OPEC, the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries; 

political instability in the Middle East, Venezuela, Nigeria and other major producing regions; 

governmental regulations, both domestic and foreign; 

the pace adopted by foreign governments for exploration of their national reserves; and 

the overall supply and demand for oil and natural gas. 

An economic downturn may adversely affect our business. 

An economic downturn may cause reduced demand for oil and natural gas. In addition, many oil
and natural gas production companies often reduce or delay expenditures to reduce costs, which in
turn may cause a reduction in the demand for our services during these periods. If the economic
environment worsens, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely
impacted.

The intense price competition and cyclical nature of our industry could have an adverse effect on
our revenues and profitability. 

The contract drilling business is highly competitive with numerous industry participants. The
drilling contracts we compete for are usually awarded on the basis of competitive bids. We believe
pricing and rig availability are the primary factors considered by our potential customers in
determining which drilling contractor to select. We believe other factors are also important.
Among those factors are:

the type and condition of drilling rigs; 

the quality of service and experience of rig crews; 

the safety record of the company and the particular drilling rig; 

the offering of ancillary services; and 

the ability to provide drilling equipment adaptable to, and personnel familiar with,
new technologies and drilling techniques. 

While we must generally be competitive in our pricing, our competitive strategy emphasizes the
quality of our equipment, the safety record of our rigs and the experience of our rig crews to
differentiate us from our competitors. This strategy is less effective during an industry downturn
as lower demand for drilling services intensifies price competition and makes it more difficult for
us to compete on the basis of factors other than price.

The contract drilling industry historically has been cyclical and has experienced periods of
low demand, excess rig supply, and low dayrates, followed by periods of high demand, short rig
supply and increasing dayrates. Periods of excess rig supply intensify the competition in our
industry and often result in rigs being idle. There are numerous competitors in each of the
markets in which we compete. In all of those markets, an oversupply of rigs can cause greater
price competition. Contract drilling companies compete primarily on a regional basis, and the
intensity of competition may vary significantly from region to region at any particular time. If
demand for drilling services is better in a region where we operate, our competitors might respond
by moving in suitable rigs from other regions, by reactivating previously stacked rigs or
purchasing new rigs. An influx of rigs into a market area from any source could rapidly intensify
competition and make any improvement in demand for drilling rigs short-lived.

During the past year the number of rigs competing for work in the market areas we serve
increased due to the entry into those markets of newly-built or newly-refurbished rigs. We expect
that more of these newer rigs will

-9- 

Table of Contents 

enter our market areas over the next year. The addition of these rigs in 2007 will likely
intensify price competition, and possibly reduce customer demand for term contracts.

We face competition from competitors with greater resources. 

Some
of our competitors have greater financial and organizational resources than do we. Their greater
capabilities in these areas may enable them to:

build new rigs or acquire existing rigs to be able to place rigs into service more
quickly than us in periods of high drilling demand; 

compete more effectively on the basis of price and technology; 

better withstand industry downturns; and 

retain skilled rig personnel. 

Our drilling operations involve operating hazards which if not adequately insured or indemnified
against could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our operations are subject to the usual hazards inherent in the land drilling business
including the risks of:

blowouts; 

reservoir damage; 

cratering; 

fires, pollution and explosions; 

collapse of the borehole; 

lost or stuck drill strings; and 

damage or loss from natural disasters. 

If these events occur they can produce substantial liabilities to us which include:

suspension of drilling operations; 

damage to the environment; 

damage to, or destruction of, our property and equipment and that of others; 

personal injury and loss of life; and 

damage to producing or potentially productive oil and natural gas formations through which we drill. 

We attempt to obtain indemnification from our customers by contract for certain of these risks
under daywork contracts but are not always able to do so. We also seek to protect ourselves from
some but not all operating risks through insurance coverage. The indemnification we receive from
our customers and our own insurance coverage may not, however, be sufficient to protect us against
liability for all consequences of disasters, personal injury and property damage. Additionally, our
insurance coverage generally provides that we bear a portion of the claim through substantial
insurance coverage deductibles. Our insurance or indemnification arrangements may not adequately
protect us against liability from all of the risks of our business. If we were to incur a
significant liability for which we were not fully insured or indemnified, it could adversely affect
our financial position and results of operations. We also may be unable to obtain or renew
insurance coverage of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates.

Business acquisitions entail numerous risks and may disrupt our business or distract management
attention. 

As part of our business strategy, we plan to consider acquisitions of, or significant
investments in, businesses and assets that are complementary to ours. Any acquisition that we
complete could have a material adverse affect on our operating results and/or the price of our
securities. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including:

unanticipated costs and liabilities; 

difficulty of integrating the operations and assets of the acquired business; 

our ability to properly access and maintain an effective internal control
environment over an acquired company, in order to comply with public reporting
requirements; 

potential loss of key employees and customers of the acquired companies; and 

an increase in our expenses and working capital requirements. 

-10- 

Table of Contents 

We may incur substantial indebtedness to finance future acquisitions and also may issue equity
securities or convertible securities in connection with any such acquisitions. Debt service
requirements could represent a significant burden on our results of operations and financial
condition and the issuance of additional equity could be dilutive to our existing shareholders.
Acquisitions could also divert the attention of our management and other employees from our
day-to-day operations and the development of new business opportunities.

Our operations are subject to environmental laws that may expose us to liabilities for
noncompliance, which may adversely affect us. 

Many aspects of our operations are subject to domestic laws and regulations. For example, our
drilling operations are typically subject to extensive and evolving laws and regulations governing:

environmental quality; 

pollution control; and 

remediation of environmental contamination. 

Our operations are often conducted in or near ecologically sensitive areas, such as wetlands,
which are subject to special protective measures and which may expose us to additional operating
costs and liabilities for noncompliance with applicable laws. The handling of waste materials, some
of which are classified as hazardous substances, is a necessary part of our operations.
Consequently, our operations are subject to stringent regulations relating to protection of the
environment and waste handling which may impose liability on us for our own noncompliance and, in
addition, that of other parties without regard to whether we were negligent or otherwise at fault.
Compliance with applicable laws and regulations may require us to incur significant expenses and
capital expenditures which could have a material and adverse effect on our operations by increasing
our expenses and limiting our future contract drilling opportunities.

We may incur losses in future years resulting from downturns in the land drilling industry 

While we have been profitable in our last three fiscal years, the land drilling industry is
highly cyclical and we could therefore incur losses in future years. In 2003 and 2002, we incurred
a net loss of 30.2 million and 21.5 million, respectively, as a result of the most recent
downturn in the industry. Our ability to achieve profitability in the future will depend on many
factors, but primarily on the number of days our rigs work during any period and the rates we
charge our customers for them during that period. In years in which we have incurred losses, those
losses were primarily due to the fact that the number of days our rigs worked and the rates we were
able to charge customers for the days worked generated insufficient revenue to cover our expenses.
In some years, we have also incurred charges for impairment of our drilling equipment assets that
contributed to our losses in a year.

Unexpected cost overruns on our turnkey and footage drilling jobs could adversely affect us. 

We have historically derived a significant portion of our revenues from turnkey and footage
drilling contracts and we expect that they will continue to represent a significant component of
our revenues. The occurrence of operating cost overruns on our turnkey and footage jobs could have
a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. Under a typical
turnkey or footage drilling contract, we agree to drill a well for our customer to a specified
depth and under specified conditions for a fixed price. We typically provide technical expertise
and engineering services, as well as most of the equipment required for the drilling of turnkey and
footage wells. We often subcontract for related services. Under typical turnkey drilling
arrangements, we do not receive progress payments and are entitled to be paid by our customer only
after we have performed the terms of the drilling contract in full. For these reasons, our risk
under turnkey and footage drilling contracts is substantially greater than for wells drilled on a
daywork basis because we must assume most of the risks associated with drilling operations that are
generally assumed by our customer under a daywork contract.

-11- 

Table of Contents 

We could be adversely affected if delivery times for rigs and rig equipment lengthen. 

The land drilling industry experienced price increases and extended delivery times for
newly-built rigs. Prices and delivery times for important rig components, including engines, mud
pumps, top drives and drill pipe that may be needed to refurbish or repair rigs have also
increased. If these price increases continue or extended delivery times lengthen, it could
adversely affect our business and results of operations by increasing our costs for, and delaying:

deployment of newly-built rigs; 

upgrades to our marketed fleet of rigs; and 

repair and maintenance of our rigs. 

We could be adversely affected if the demand for qualified rig personnel increases. 

Although we have not encountered material difficulty in hiring and retaining qualified rig
crews, shortages of qualified personnel have occurred in the past in our industry during periods of
high demand. The demand for qualified rig personnel has increased as a result of overall stronger
demand for land drilling services over the last few years. We believe the demand for qualified rig
personnel could increase further as new and refurbished rigs are brought into service by us and our
competitors.

If the demand for qualified rig personnel persists or increases, we may experience shortages
of qualified personnel to operate our rigs despite these and any other employee retention and
hiring measures we may implement. Any such personnel shortages could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Our credit agreement may prohibit us from participation in certain transactions that we may
consider advantageous. 

Our subsidiary, Grey Wolf Drilling Company L.P., has entered into a credit facility that
contains covenants restricting our ability to undertake many types of transactions and contains
financial ratio covenants when certain conditions are met. These restrictions may limit our ability
to respond to changes in market conditions. Our ability to meet the financial ratio covenants of
our credit agreement can be affected by events and conditions beyond our control and we may be
unable to meet those tests (see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements). We may in the
future incur additional indebtedness that may contain additional covenants that may be more
restrictive than our current covenants.

Our credit facility contains default terms that effectively cross default with any of our
other debt agreements, including the indentures for our Contingent Convertible Floating Rate Notes
due April 2024 (the Floating Rate Notes and our 3.75 Contingent Convertible Notes due May 2023
(the 3.75 Notes ). Thus, if we breach the covenants in the indentures for our 3.75 Notes and
Floating Rate Notes, it could cause our default under our 3.75 Notes, our Floating Rate Notes, our
credit facility and, possibly, other then outstanding debt obligations owed by us. If the
indebtedness under our credit facility or other indebtedness owed by us is more than 10.0 million
and is not paid when due, or is accelerated by the holders of the debt, then an event of default
under the indentures covering our 3.75 Notes and our Floating Rate Notes would occur. If
circumstances arise in which we are in default under our various credit agreements, our cash and
other assets may be insufficient to repay our indebtedness.

We have a significant amount of indebtedness and could incur additional indebtedness, which could
materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and prevent us
from fulfilling our obligations under the notes and our other outstanding indebtedness. 

We have now and will continue to have a significant amount of indebtedness. On December 31,
2006, our total long-term indebtedness was approximately 275.0 million in principal amount,
(consisting of 150.0 million in principal amount of our 3.75 Notes and 125.0 million in
principal amount of our Floating Rate Notes).

Our substantial indebtedness could:

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the 3.75 Notes and the Floating Rate Notes; 

increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

-12- 

Table of Contents 

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to
payments on our indebtedness thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund
working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and 

limit our ability to borrow additional funds. 

Neither the indentures governing our 3.75 Notes and our Floating Rate Notes nor the terms of
our 3.75 Notes or our Floating Rate Notes limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness,
including senior indebtedness, or to grant liens on our assets. We, and our subsidiaries, may incur
substantial additional indebtedness and liens on our assets in the future.

The Floating Rate Notes bear interest annually at a rate equal to 3-month LIBOR, adjusted
quarterly, minus a spread of 0.05 . Although the interest rate on the Floating Rate Notes will
never be more than 6.00 , we are subject to market risk exposure related to changes in interest
rates on the Floating Rate Notes up to 6.00 . A significant increase in 3-month LIBOR would
increase the interest rate on the Floating Rate Notes and the amount of interest we pay on the
Floating Rate Notes, which may have an adverse affect on our financial condition and liquidity.

Our existing senior indebtedness is, and any senior indebtedness we incur will be, effectively
subordinated to any present or future obligations to secured creditors and liabilities of our
subsidiaries. 

Substantially all of our assets and the assets of our subsidiaries, including our drilling
equipment and the equity interest in our subsidiaries, are pledged as collateral under our credit
facility. Our credit facility is also secured by our guarantee and the guarantees of our
subsidiaries. The 3.75 Notes and the Floating Rate Notes are, and any senior indebtedness we
incur will be, effectively subordinated to all of our and our subsidiaries existing and future
secured indebtedness, including any future indebtedness incurred under our credit facility. As of
February 20, 2007, we had the ability to borrow approximately 72.7 million under our credit
facility (after reductions for undrawn outstanding standby letters of credit of 27.3 million). In
addition, the 3.75 Notes and the Floating Rate Notes are effectively subordinated to the claims of
all of the creditors, including trade creditors and tort claimants, of our subsidiaries.

To service our indebtedness, we will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate
cash depends on many factors beyond our control. 

Although our operating activities did provide net cash sufficient to pay our debt service
obligations for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively, there can be no
assurances that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flow in the future. Our ability to make
payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures will depend
on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to a large extent, is subject to general
economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control.

Credit ratings affect our ability to obtain financing and the cost of such financing. 

Our credit ratings affect our ability to obtain financing and the cost of such financing. At
December 31, 2006, our corporate and unsecured debt ratings were rated B1 by Moody s Investors
Service and BB- by Standard Poor s Ratings group. In determining our credit ratings, the rating
agencies consider a number of both quantitative and qualitative factors. These factors include
earnings, fixed charges such as interest, cash flows, total debt outstanding, and other
commitments, total capitalization and various ratios calculated from these factors. The rating
agencies also consider predictability of cash flows, business strategy, industry conditions and
contingencies. Lower ratings on our senior unsecured debt could impair our ability to obtain
additional financing and will increase the cost of the financing that we do obtain.

Investors in our common stock should not expect to receive dividend income, and will be dependent
on the appreciation of our common stock to earn a return on their investment. 

The decision to pay a dividend on our common stock rests with our board of directors and will
depend on our earnings, available cash, capital requirements and financial condition. We have
never declared a cash dividend on our common stock and do not expect to pay cash dividends on our
common stock for the foreseeable future. We expect that substantially all cash flow generated from
our operations in the foreseeable future will be retained and

-13- 

Table of Contents 

used to develop or expand our business, pay debt service, and reduce outstanding indebtedness.
Although in 2006 our board of directors approved the repurchase of up to 100.0 million of our
common stock and we have repurchased 73.1 million of common stock through February 20, 2007, our
board of directors has not authorized any additional repurchases. Accordingly, investors will
likely have to depend on sales of our common stock at appreciated prices, which we cannot assure,
in order to achieve a positive return on their investment in our common stock.

Certain provisions of our organizational documents, securities and credit agreement have
anti-takeover effects which may prevent our shareholders from receiving the maximum value for their
shares. 

Our articles of incorporation, bylaws, securities and credit agreement contain certain
provisions that may delay or prevent entirely a change of control transaction not supported by our
board of directors, or any transaction which may have that general effect. These provisions
include:

classification of our board of directors into three classes, with each class serving
a staggered three year term; 

giving our board of directors the exclusive authority to adopt, amend or repeal our
bylaws and thus prohibiting shareholders from doing so; 

requiring our shareholders to give advance notice of their intent to submit a proposal at the annual meeting; and 

limiting the ability of our shareholders to call a special meeting and act by written consent. 

Additionally, the indentures under which our 3.75 Notes and Floating Rate Notes are issued
require us to offer to repurchase the 3.75 Notes and Floating Rate Notes then outstanding at a
purchase price equal to 100 of the principal amounts plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date
of purchase in the event that we become subject to a change of control, as defined in the
indentures. This feature of the indentures could also have the effect of discouraging potentially
attractive change of control offers.

Furthermore, we have adopted a shareholder rights plan which may have the effect of impeding a
hostile attempt to acquire control of us.

Large amounts of our common stock may be resold into the market in the future which could cause the
market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 

As of February 20, 2007, our common stock issued and outstanding was 195,866,751 million
shares and 185,258,709 million shares, respectively. An additional 4.2 million shares of our
common stock were issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options (of which 2.4 million shares
are currently exercisable) and 23.3 million shares were issuable upon conversion of the 3.75 Notes
and 19.2 million shares are issuable upon conversion of the Floating Rate Notes, in each case once
a conversion contingency is met. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for
information on the conditions under which our 3.75 Notes and our Floating Rate Notes become
convertible into our common stock. The market price of our common stock could drop significantly if
future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock occur, if the perception exists that
substantial sales may occur or if our convertible notes become convertible.

Forward-Looking Statements 

This annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this
report are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding the following:

business strategy; 

demand for our services; 

spending by our customers; 

2007 rig activity; 

increases in rig supply and its effects on us; 

projected interest expense; 

cost of building new rigs and delivery times of these rigs; 

projected dayrates; 

the ability to recover our refurbishment costs or the purchase price of rigs from term contracts; 

-14- 

Table of Contents 

the availability and financial terms of term contracts; 

rigs expected to be engaged in turnkey and footage operations; 

projected tax rate; 

wage rates and retention of employees; 

sufficiency of our capital resources and liquidity; 

projected depreciation and capital expenditures in 2007; 

future common stock repurchases by us and our expected dividend policy; and 

projected sources and uses of cash. 

Although we believe the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that
these statements will prove to be correct. We have based these statements on assumptions and
analyses in light of our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions,
expected future developments and other factors we believe were appropriate when the statements were
made.

The risks and uncertainties generally described above in this Item 1A. Risk Factors could
cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements.
Accordingly, we urge you not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.

Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date specified in such statements or, if
no date is stated, as of the date of this report. Grey Wolf expressly disclaims any obligation or
undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained
in this report to reflect any change in our expectations or with regard to any change in events,
conditions or circumstances on which our forward-looking statements are based.

Item 1b. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable.

Item 2. Properties 

Drilling Equipment 

An operating land drilling rig consists of engines, drawworks, mast, substructure, pumps to
circulate drilling fluid, blowout preventers, drill pipe and related equipment. Domestically, land
rigs generally operate with crews of four to six people.

Our rig fleet consists of several size rigs to meet the demands of our customers in each of
the markets we serve. Our rig fleet consists of two basic types of drilling rigs, mechanical and
diesel electric. Mechanical rigs transmit power generated by a diesel engine directly to an
operation (for example the drawworks or mud pumps on a rig) through a compound consisting of
chains, gears and pneumatic clutches. Diesel electric rigs are further broken down into two
subcategories, direct current rigs and Silicon Controlled Rectifier SCR rigs. Direct current
rigs transmit the power generated by a diesel engine to a direct current generator. This direct
current electrical system then distributes the electricity generated to direct current motors on
the drawworks and mud pumps. An SCR rig s diesel engines drive alternating current generators and
this alternating current can be transmitted to use for rig lighting and rig quarters or converted
to direct current to drive the direct current motors on the rig. As of February 20, 2007, we owned
nine direct current diesel electric rigs and 62 SCR diesel electric rigs.

We also owned at February 20, 2007, 13 mechanical rigs and one diesel electric rig that are
trailer-mounted for greater mobility. We believe trailer-mounted rigs are in highest demand in the
South Texas market. Trailer-mounted rigs are more mobile than conventional rigs, thus decreasing
the time and expense to the customer of moving the rig to and from the drill site. Under ordinary
conditions, trailer-mounted rigs are capable of drilling an average of two 10,000 foot wells per
month.

We also utilize top drives in our drilling operations. A top drive allows drilling with
90-foot lengths of drill pipe rather than 30-foot lengths, thus reducing the number of required
connections in the drill string. A top drive also permits rotation of the drill string while
moving in or out of the hole. These characteristics increase drilling speed, personnel safety and
drilling efficiency, and reduce the risk of the drill string sticking during operations. At
February 20, 2007, we owned 23 top drives.

-15- 

Table of Contents 

We generally deploy our rig fleet among our divisions and district based on the types of rigs
preferred by our customers for drilling in the geographic markets served by our divisions and
district. The following table summarizes the rigs we own as of February 20, 2007, all of which are
currently marketed:

Maximum Rated Depth Capacity (1) 

Under 
 
 10,000 
 
 15,000 
 
 20,000 

10,000 
 
 to 14,999 
 
 to 19,999 
 
 and Deeper 
 
 Total 

Ark-La-Tex

Diesel Electric

1 

9 

6 

16 

Trailer-Mounted

3 

1 

4 
 (2) 

Mechanical

1 

4 

3 

8 

Gulf Coast

Diesel Electric

3 

19 

22 

Mechanical

1 

2 

2 

5 

South Texas

Diesel Electric

1 

5 

10 

16 

Trailer-Mounted

8 

8 

Mechanical

4 

1 

5 

Rocky Mountain

Diesel Electric

4 

3 

7 

Mechanical

3 

7 

10 

Mid-Continent

Diesel Electric

4 

5 

9 

Trailer-Mounted

2 

2 

Mechanical

3 

3 

6 

Total Rig Fleet (3) 

3 

31 

35 

49 

118 

(1) 
 
 The actual drilling capacity of a rig may be less than its rated capacity due to numerous
factors, such as the length of the drill string and casing size. The intended well depth and
the drill site conditions determine the length of the drill string and other equipment needed
to drill a well. 

(2) 
 
 Includes one diesel electric rig. 

(3) 
 
 We have three new 1,500 hp diesel electric rigs on order, expected to be delivered at various
times during 2007, that will bring the total rig fleet to 121. The maximum depth capacity of
each of these rigs is 18,000 feet. 

Facilities 

The following table summarizes our significant real estate:

Location 
 
 Interest 
 
 Uses 

Houston, Texas

Leased

Corporate Office 

Alice, Texas

Owned

Division Office, Rig Yard, Truck Yard 

Eunice, Louisiana

Owned

Division Office, Rig Yard 

Haughton, Louisiana

Owned

Rig Yard 

Shreveport, Louisiana

Leased

Division Office 

Shreveport, Louisiana

Owned

Truck Yard 

Casper, Wyoming

Owned

Division Office, Rig Yard 

Grand Junction, Colorado

Leased

Division Satellite Office 

Midland, Texas

Leased

District Office 

We lease approximately 26,792 square feet of office space in Houston, Texas for our principal
corporate offices at a cost of approximately 47,155 per month. We believe all of our facilities
are in good operating condition and are adequate for their present uses.

-16- 

Table of Contents 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are involved in litigation incidental to the conduct of our business, none of which we
believe is, individually or in the aggregate, material to our consolidated financial condition or
results of operations. See Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies in Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

None.

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Data 

Our common stock is listed and traded on the American Stock Exchange AMEX under the symbol
 GW. As of February 20, 2007, we had 833 shareholders of record. The following table sets forth
the high and low prices of our common stock on the AMEX for the periods indicated:

High 
 
 Low 

Period from January 1, 2007 to February 20, 2007

7.08 

6.38 

Year Ended December 31, 2006

Quarter ended March 31, 2006

8.93 

6.50 

Quarter ended June 30, 2006

8.85 

6.61 

Quarter ended September 30, 2006

7.79 

6.35 

Quarter Ended December 31, 2006

7.43 

6.10 

Year Ended December 31, 2005

Quarter ended March 31, 2005

6.85 

3.70 

Quarter ended June 30, 2005

8.00 

5.52 

Quarter ended September 30, 2005

8.60 

6.75 

Quarter ended December 31, 2005

8.57 

6.81 

On February 20, 2007, the last reported sales price of our common stock on the AMEX was 6.63
per share.

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not expect to pay
cash dividends in 2007 or for the foreseeable future. We anticipate substantially all cash flow
generated from operations in the foreseeable future will be retained and used to develop or expand
our business, pay debt service, reduce outstanding indebtedness, and repurchase Company common
stock. Any future payment of cash dividends will depend upon our results of operations, financial
condition, cash requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors.

-17- 

Table of Contents 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The following table provides information relating to our repurchase of common shares during
the year ended December 31, 2006 (in thousands, except average price paid per share):

Total Number of 
 
 Approximate 

Shares 
 
 Dollar Value of 

Purchased as 
 
 Shares that May 

Total Number of 
 
 Average Price 
 
 Part of Publicly 
 
 Yet be Purchased 

Shares 
 
 Paid per 
 
 Announced 
 
 Under the 

Period 
 
 Purchased 
 
 Share 
 
 Program 
 
 Program (1) (2) 

May 25, 2006 to May 31, 2006

600 

7.75 

600 

95,348 

June 1, 2006 to June 30, 2006

793 

7.19 

793 

89,644 

July 1, 2006 to July 31, 2006

570 

6.90 

570 

85,710 

August 1, 2006 to August 31, 2006

422 

7.20 

422 

82,672 

September 1, 2006 to September 30, 2006

4,560 

6.99 

4,560 

50,820 

October 1, 2006 to October 31, 2006

541 

6.41 

541 

47,355 

November 1, 2006 to November 30, 2006

1,806 

6.91 

1,806 

34,881 

December 1, 2006 to December 31, 2006

34,881 

(1) 
 
 On May 25, 2006, we announced that our board of directors approved a plan authorizing
the repurchase of up to 100.0 million of our common stock in open market or in
privately-negotiated block-trade transactions. The number of shares to be purchased and
the timing of purchases will be based on several factors, including the price of the common
stock, general market conditions, available cash and alternate investment opportunities.
There is no expiration date for the stock repurchase program, but it is subject to
termination prior to completion. 

(2) 
 
 Through February 20, 2007 we repurchased an additional 1.2 million shares at an average
price of 6.59. Accordingly, at February 20, 2007 the approximate dollar value of shares
that may yet be repurchased under our plan was 26.9 million. 

Stock Performance Graph 

The following graph compares the cumulative total return to shareholders on the Company s
common stock, the AMEX Composite and a Peer Group Index. The graph assumes that 100 was invested
on December 31, 2001, in the Company s common stock and in each index and that any cash dividends
are reinvested. The Company has not declared any dividends during the periods covered by this
graph.

-18- 

Table of Contents 

Comparison of Five Year Cumulative Total Return Among Grey Wolf, Inc., The Amex Composite and a
Peer Group 

Years Ended December 31, 

2001 
 
 2002 
 
 2003 
 
 2004 
 
 2005 
 
 2006 

Grey Wolf, Inc.

100.00 

134.34 

125.93 

177.44 

260.27 

230.98 

Amex Composite

100.00 

100.08 

144.57 

178.46 

220.35 

262.17 

Peer Group (1) 

100.00 

112.09 

126.10 

158.00 

231.38 

177.78 

(1) 
 
 Consists of Nabors Industries, Inc., Parker Drilling Company, Helmerich Payne,
Precision Drilling and Patterson UTI Energy, Inc. All of the members of the
Peer Group are providers of contract oil and gas land drilling services. 

This graph depicts the past performance of the Company s common stock and in no way should
be used to predict future performance. The Company does not make or endorse any predictions as to
future share performance.

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

Years Ended December 31, 

2006 
 
 2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 
 
 2002 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Revenues

945,527 

696,979 

424,634 

285,974 

250,260 

Net income (loss)

219,951 

120,637 

8,078 

(30,200) 

(21,476) 

Net income (loss) per common share

Basic

1.16 

0.63 

0.04 

(0.17) 

(0.12) 

Diluted

0.98 

0.54 

0.04 

(0.17) 

(0.12) 

Total assets

1,086,984 

869,035 

635,876 

532,184 

593,964 

Senior and contingent convertible notes 
other long-term debt

275,000 

275,000 

275,000 

234,898 

249,613 

-19- 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere herein. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated.

Overview 

We are a leading provider of contract land drilling services in the United States with a
fleet, at February 20, 2007, of 118 rigs, all of which were marketed. Our customers include
independent producers and major oil and natural gas companies. We conduct substantially all of our
operations through our subsidiaries in the Ark-La-Tex, Gulf Coast, Mississippi/Alabama, South
Texas, Mid-Continent and Rocky Mountain drilling markets. Our drilling contracts generally provide
compensation on a daywork, turnkey or footage basis (see Item 1. Business Contracts).

Our business is cyclical and our financial results depend upon several factors. These factors
include the overall demand for land drilling services, the dayrates we receive for our services,
the level of demand for turnkey and footage services and our success drilling turnkey and footage
wells.

New Rig Purchases and Reactivations 

During 2006, we entered into agreements to purchase six new 1,500 horsepower rigs for a total
of 91.6 million. As of February 20, 2007, three of these rigs are working. One of the remaining
three new rigs is scheduled for delivery later in the first quarter of 2007, one in the second
quarter, and the last rig is expected by the end of the third quarter. After deployment of these
rigs our rig fleet will total 121 rigs. These new rigs are designed to enhance safety, increase
the efficiency of rig moves, and maximize performance for our customers. Our ongoing strategy is
to add to capacity only with the support of term contracts. All six of the new rigs as well as the
17 refurbishments completed over the last several years were supported by long-term contracts,
whereby the Company fully expects to recover the cost of the capital expended during the original
contract term.

Rig Activity 

Historically, strong commodity prices have benefited the land drilling industry. The land rig
count at February 16, 2007 per the Baker Hughes rotary rig count, is over 1,632 rigs. Our average
rigs working have also escalated because of the demand for our services, including the addition of
the new rigs. However, there is currently some excess capacity in the land drilling market with
the addition of new rigs during the last year and additional new and refurbished rigs are expected
to enter the market. For the week ended February 16, 2007, we had an average of 114 rigs working.
The table below shows the average number of land rigs working in the United States according to the
Baker Hughes rotary rig count and the average number of our rigs working.

Domestic

2005 

2006 

2007 

Land Rig

Full 

Full 

1/1 to 

Count

Q-1 

Q-2 

Q-3 

Q-4 

Year 

Q-1 

Q-2 

Q-3 

Q-4 

Year 

2/16 

Baker
Hughes

1,153 

1,218 

1,307 

1,375 

1,263 

1,417 

1,512 

1,603 

1,609 

1,535 

1,616 

Grey Wolf

98 

99 

103 

108 

102 

109 

108 

107 

110 

108 

111 

Term Contracts 

As of February 20, 2007 we had 31,500 rig days contracted for under term contracts, as
compared with 33,900 rig days under term contract at September 30, 2006, and 31,100 rig days under
term contract at February 20, 2006. Our rig days under contract at February 20, 2007 is
approximately equivalent to an average of 59 rigs working under term contracts for 2007 and an
average of 19 rigs working for 2008. At February 20, 2007 we had 83 rigs working under term
contracts, representing 70 of our total rig fleet. These term contracts are expected to provide revenue of approximately
 461.9 million in 2007 and 160.8 million in 2008. Over the last several months, the rate at which we have been able to sign new term contracts has
slowed significantly.

Our term contracts typically range in length from one to three years and include a per rig day
cancellation fee approximately equal to the dayrate under the contract less estimated operating
expenses for the unexpired term

-20- 

Table of Contents 

of the contract. In addition, we are able to pass the cost of any
labor increases on to our customers through our dayrates on all daywork contracts, including term
contracts.

Drilling Contract Rates 

Improvements in the level of land drilling in the United States over the last three years have
positively impacted the dayrates we are receiving for our rigs. We experienced an average increase in dayrates of 4,700 per day
from 2005 to 2006, which represented a 33 improvement. This was the primary factor
in our 53 increase in earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA per rig day from 7,139 in 2005 to 10,919 in 2006. A rig day is defined as a
twenty-four hour period in which a rig is under contract and should be earning revenue.

A January 1, 2007
report published by RIGDATA showed that 354 newly-built or refurbished rigs
are expected to enter the domestic land drilling market in 2007. As a result of the
newly-built and refurbished rigs that have come to market in recent months, there is currently some
excess capacity of land drilling rigs, and this may increase as additional rigs enter the market. Over
the last several months, we and some of our competitors have experienced and may continue to experience some rigs
becoming idle which could affect future utilization of our rigs.
Late in the fourth quarter of 2006, we began to see a weakening in spot market
dayrates in connection with the excess supply of land drilling rigs. In addition, since that time we have
experienced between a 5 to 15 average decline in the dayrates we use in bidding on drilling contracts.
However, we have a significant number of existing term contracts at fixed dayrates that have buffered our
exposure to the recent erosion in spot market dayrates and the effects of extra capacity.
Additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2006, we had several term contracts that
renewed at higher dayrates. The dayrates on these rollovers increased as dayrates were
significantly lower at the time we entered into the contract, which was up to two years
prior. As a result of these rollovers and our term contract exposure, the average dayrates
we expect to realize during the first quarter of 2007 are not expected to be negatively
impacted.
We may experience some decline in our overall dayrates beginning in the second quarter
of 2007 as some of our spot and term contracts come up for renewal at the lower rates. However, if
demand for land drilling rigs were to trend upward before the end of the second quarter, we may see
no effect of the recent reductions in spot market dayrates. In addition to our fleet of drilling
rigs, we owned 23 top drives at February 20, 2007, for which our rates are 3,000 per rig day at
that date. Rates for our top drives are in addition to the above stated rates for our rigs.

Turnkey and Footage Contract Activity 

Turnkey and footage work is an important part of our business and operating strategy and
produced record results during 2006. Our engineering and operating expertise allow us to provide
this service to our customers and has historically provided higher revenues and EBITDA per rig day
worked than under daywork contracts. However, we are typically required to bear additional
operating costs (such as drill bits) and risk (such as loss of hole) that would otherwise be
assumed by the customer under daywork contracts. In 2006, our turnkey and footage EBITDA per rig
day was 15,694 compared to a daywork EBITDA per rig day of 10,397, and our turnkey and footage
revenue was 53,540 per rig day compared to 20,660 per rig day for daywork. In 2005, our turnkey
and footage EBITDA per rig day was 13,568 compared to a daywork EBITDA per rig day of 6,470, and
our turnkey and footage revenue was 45,209 per rig day compared to 15,963 per rig day for
daywork. For the year ended December 31, 2006, turnkey and footage work represented 10 of total
rig days worked compared to 9 of total rig days worked in 2005.

Although turnkey EBITDA per rig day for the fourth quarter of 2006 was lower compared to the
previous quarter, our turnkey business added 61.2 million, or 14 , of total Company EBITDA for
2006 and outpaced daywork EBITDA per rig day by 51 for the year.

EBITDA generated on turnkey and footage contracts can vary widely based upon a number of
factors, including the location of the contracted work, the depth and level of complexity of the
wells drilled and the ultimate success of drilling the well. The demand for drilling services
under turnkey and footage contracts has historically been lower during periods of overall higher
rig demand. Overall rig demand has been higher as evidenced by the increase in rig count, and the
demand for turnkey services has remained relatively constant in the past few years. However, we do
expect a slight decline in the number of rigs working under turnkey contracts in the first quarter
of 2007.

2006 Results and First Quarter 2007 Outlook 

We set record levels of revenue, net income, and EBITDA in 2006 for the second straight year.
Year-over-year our net income rose by 82 and revenues increased by 36 . EBITDA for 2006 totaled
 432.0 million, up 63 

-21- 

Table of Contents 

from 2005. We also improved our year-over-year safety recordable incident rate by 31 at the same
time the man hours worked increased by almost 10 .

During the first quarter of 2007, we expect to average 108 to 110 rigs working with six to
eight of these rigs performing turnkey services. In addition, average daywork revenue per rig day
is expected to increase by 200 to 300 with little or no change in average daywork operating
expenses per day as our new rigs enter the market and the effect of the higher term contract
dayrates from the fourth quarter term contract renewals is realized. Depreciation expense of
approximately 20.7 million, interest expense of approximately 3.5 million and an effective tax
rate of approximately 37 are expected for the first quarter of 2007. Based upon the remaining
payments for the new rig purchases and 2007 rig activity, capital expenditures for the full year
2007 are projected to be 130.0 million to 140.0 million. These projections are forward-looking
statements and while we believe our estimates are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such
expectations or the assumptions that underlie such assumptions will prove to be correct.
Additionally, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain the current level of
activity or the financial results we have historically derived from turnkey and footage contracts.
See Item 1. Business Forward-Looking Statements for important factors that could cause actual
results to be different materially from our expectations.

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements require our management to
make subjective estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses. However, these estimates, judgments and assumptions concern
matters that are inherently uncertain. Accordingly, actual amounts and results could differ from
these estimates made by management, sometimes materially. Critical accounting policies and
estimates are defined as those that are both most important to the portrayal of our financial
condition and operating results and require management s most subjective judgments. The accounting
policies that we believe are critical are property and equipment, impairment of long-lived assets,
goodwill, revenue recognition, insurance accruals, and income taxes.

Property and Equipment. Property and equipment, including betterments and improvements are
stated at cost with depreciation calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets. We make estimates with respect to the useful lives that we believe are
reasonable. However, the cyclical nature of our business or the introduction of new technology in
the industry, could cause us to change our estimates, thus impacting the future calculation of
depreciation. When any asset is tested for recoverability, we also review the remaining useful
life of the asset. Any changes to the estimated useful life resulting from that review are made
prospectively. We expense our maintenance and repair costs as incurred. We estimate the useful
lives of our assets are between three and 15 years.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. We assess the impairment of our long-lived assets under
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board SFAS No. 144 Accounting for the Impairment
or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value may not be recoverable. Such indicators include changes in our business plans, a
change in the physical condition of a long-lived asset or the extent or manner in which it is being
used, or a severe or sustained downturn in the oil and natural gas industry. If we determine that a
triggering event, such as those described previously, has occurred we perform a review of our rig
and rig equipment. Our review is performed by comparing the carrying value of each rig plus the
estimated cost to refurbish or reactivate to the estimated undiscounted future net cash flows for
that rig. If the carrying value plus estimated refurbishment and reactivation cost of any rig is
more than the estimated undiscounted future net cash flows expected to result from the use of the
rig, a write-down of the rig to estimated fair market value must be made. The estimated fair market
value is the amount at which an asset could be bought or sold in a current transaction between
willing parties. Quoted market prices in active markets are the best estimate of fair market value,
however, quoted market prices are generally not available. As a result, fair value must be
determined based upon other valuation techniques. This could include appraisals or present value
calculations. The calculation of undiscounted future net cash flows and fair market value is based
on our estimates and projections.

The demand for land drilling services is cyclical and has historically resulted in
fluctuations in rig utilization. We believe the contract drilling industry will continue to be
cyclical and rig utilization will fluctuate. The likelihood of an asset impairment increases
during extended periods of rig inactivity. Each year we evaluate our rigs available for
refurbishment and determine our intentions for their future use. At December 31, 2006, we had no
rigs available for refurbishment as all rigs were working. This evaluation takes into
consideration, among other

-22- 

Table of Contents 

things, the physical condition and marketability of the rig, and
projected reactivation or refurbishment cost. To the extent that our estimates of refurbishment
and reactivation cost, undiscounted future net cash flows or fair market value change or there is a
deterioration in the physical condition of the rigs available for refurbishment, we could be
required under SFAS No. 144 to record an impairment charge. In 2006 and 2005, no impairment of our
long-lived assets was recorded.

Goodwill. During the second quarter of 2004, we completed the acquisition of New Patriot
Drilling Corp. Patriot ), which was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with
SFAS No. 141, Business Combinations. In conjunction with the purchase price allocation of the
Patriot acquisition we recorded goodwill of 10.4 million.

Goodwill represents the excess of costs over the fair value of assets of the business
acquired. None of the goodwill resulting from this acquisition is deductible for tax purposes. We
follow the provisions of SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. Pursuant to SFAS
No. 142, goodwill and intangible assets acquired in a purchase business combination and determined
to have an indefinite useful life are not amortized, but instead are tested for impairment at least
annually in accordance with the provisions of SFAS No. 142. No impairment of our goodwill was
recorded during 2006 and 2005.

Revenue Recognition. Revenues are earned under daywork, turnkey and footage contracts.
Revenue from daywork and footage contracts is recognized when it is realized or realizable and
earned. On daywork contracts, revenue is recognized based on the number of days completed at fixed
rates stipulated by the contract. On footage contracts, revenue is recognized based on the number
of feet that have been drilled at fixed rates stipulated by the contract. Revenue from turnkey
drilling contracts is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method based upon costs
incurred to date compared to our estimate of the total contract costs. Under
percentage-of-completion, we make estimates of the total contract costs to be incurred, and to the
extent these estimates change, the amount of revenue recognized could be affected. The
significance of the accrued turnkey revenue varies from period to period depending on the overall
level of demand for our services and the portion of that demand that is for turnkey services. At
December 31, 2006, there were three turnkey wells in progress versus nine wells at December 31,
2005, with accrued revenue of 6.9 million and 17.5 million, respectively at such dates.
Anticipated losses, if any, on uncompleted contracts are recorded at the time our estimated costs
exceed the contract revenue.

Insurance Accruals. We maintain insurance coverage related to workers compensation and
general liability claims up to 1.0 million per occurrence with an aggregate of 2.0 million for
general liability claims. These policies include deductibles of 500,000 per occurrence for
workers compensation coverage and 250,000 per occurrence for general liability coverage. If
losses should exceed the workers compensation and general liability policy amounts, we have excess
liability coverage up to a maximum of 100.0 million. At December 31, 2006 and 2005, we had 16.5
million and 18.1 million, respectively, accrued for losses incurred within the deductible amounts
for workers compensation and general liability claims and for uninsured claims.

The amount accrued for the provision for losses incurred varies depending on the number and
nature of the claims outstanding at the balance sheet dates. In addition, the accrual includes
management s estimate of the future cost to settle each claim such as future changes in the
severity of the claim and increases in medical costs. We use third parties to assist us in
developing our estimate of the ultimate costs to settle each claim, which is based upon historical
experience associated with the type of each claim and specific information related to each claim.
The specific circumstances of each claim may change over time prior to settlement and as a result,
our estimates made as of the balance sheet dates may change.

Income Taxes. We are subject to income and other similar taxes in all areas in which we
operate. When recording income tax expense, certain estimates are required because: (a) income tax
returns are generally filed months after the close of our annual accounting period; (b) tax returns
are subject to audit by taxing authorities and audits can often take years to complete and settle;
and (c) future events often impact the timing of when we recognize income tax expenses and
benefits. We have deferred tax assets mostly relating to workers compensation liabilities and our
long-term incentive plans. We routinely evaluate all deferred tax assets to determine the
likelihood of their realization. We have not recorded a valuation allowance as of December 31,
2006 and 2005, respectively.

In June 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. FIN 48, Accounting for Uncertainty
in Income Taxes, which clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an
enterprise s financial statements in accordance with SFAS No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes. 
FIN 48 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement
recognition and measurement of a tax

-23- 

Table of Contents 

position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. FIN
48 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in
interim periods, disclosure, and transition and is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2006. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting FIN 48 and we do not believe
it will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial statements upon adoption.

Financial Condition and Liquidity 

The following table summarizes our financial position as of December 31, 2006 and December 31,
2005.

December 31, 2006 

December 31, 2005 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Amount 

Amount 

Working capital

304,764 

32 

250,446 

32 

Property and equipment, net

608,136 

65 

499,965 

65 

Goodwill

10,377 

1 

10,377 

1 

Other noncurrent assets, net

16,625 

2 

13,098 

2 

Total

939,902 

100 

773,886 

100 

Long-term debt

275,000 

29 

275,000 

35 

Other long-term liabilities

131,108 

14 

129,654 

17 

Shareholders equity

533,794 

57 

369,232 

48 

Total

939,902 

100 

773,886 

100 

Significant Changes in Financial Condition 

The significant changes in our financial position from December 31, 2005 to December 31, 2006
are an increase in working capital of 54.3 million, an increase in net property and equipment of
 108.2 million, and an increase in shareholders equity of 164.6 million.

The increase in working capital is primarily the result of higher balances in cash and cash
equivalents and accounts receivable, partially offset by an increase in accounts payable. The
increase in cash and cash equivalents is due to more rigs working at higher dayrates as well as the
proceeds from the sale of five of our rigs previously held for refurbishment during the first
quarter of 2006. Also contributing to the increase were insurance proceeds received during the
second quarter of 2006 in connection with the casualty loss of one of our rigs and top drives. The
increase in cash and cash equivalents is partially offset by repurchases we made of our common
stock during 2006. The increase in accounts receivable is due to more rigs working and increased
dayrates while accounts payable is higher because of higher rig activity and increased prices for
goods and services. The increase in working capital was also offset by higher current taxes
payable because of increased net income and larger liabilities for our employee retention programs.

The increase in net property and equipment is due to capital expenditures during 2006,
partially offset by the write-off of one of our rigs and top drives due to total loss in March 2006
and by 2006 depreciation. Capital expenditures of 197.2 million in 2006 included the costs to
reactivate five rigs that were held for refurbishment, to replace our rig that was lost to fire in
March 2006, and to purchase two new rigs. In addition, capital expenditures in 2006 included costs
incurred for drill pipe purchases, betterments and improvements to our rigs, and the purchase of
top drives and other capital items. The increase in shareholders equity is primarily due to the
net income for the period offset by repurchases of common stock.

3.75 Notes 

The 3.75 Notes bear interest at 3.75 per annum and mature on May 7, 2023. The 3.75 Notes
are convertible into shares of our common stock, upon the occurrence of certain events, at a
conversion price of 6.45
per share, which is equal to a conversion rate of approximately 155.0388 shares per 1,000
principal amount of 3.75 Notes, subject to adjustment. We will pay contingent interest at a rate
equal to 0.50 per annum during any six-month period, with the initial six-month period commencing
May 7, 2008, if the average trading price of the 3.75 Notes per 1,000 principal amount for the
five day trading period ending on the third day immediately preceding the first day of the
applicable six-month period equals 1,200 or more. The 3.75 Notes are general

-24- 

Table of Contents 

unsecured senior
obligations and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by all of
our domestic wholly-owned subsidiaries. Non-guarantor subsidiaries are immaterial. The 3.75 
Notes and the guarantees rank equally with all of our other senior unsecured debt, including our
Floating Rate Notes. Fees and expenses of approximately 4.0 million incurred at the time of
issuance are being amortized through May 2013, the first date the holders may require us to
repurchase the 3.75 Notes. We may redeem some or all of the 3.75 Notes at any time on or after
May 14, 2008, payable in cash, plus accrued but unpaid interest, including contingent interest, if
any, to the date of redemption at various redemption prices shown in Note 4 to our consolidated
financial statements.

Holders may require us to repurchase all or a portion of their 3.75 Notes on May 7, 2013 or
May 7, 2018, and upon a change of control, as defined in the indenture governing the 3.75 Notes,
at 100 of the principal amount of the 3.75 Notes, plus accrued but unpaid interest, including
contingent interest, if any, to the date of repurchase, payable in cash.

The 3.75 Notes are convertible, at the holder s option, prior to the maturity date into
shares of our common stock in the following circumstances:

during any calendar quarter, if the closing sale price per share of our common stock
for at least 20 trading days in the period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the
last trading day of the calendar quarter preceding the quarter in which the conversion
occurs, is more than 110 of the conversion price per share 7.10 per share) on that
30th trading day; 

if we have called the 3.75 Notes for redemption; 

during any period that the credit ratings assigned to the 3.75 Notes by both
Moody s and S P are reduced below B1 and B , respectively, or if neither rating agency
is rating the 3.75 Notes; 

during the five trading day period immediately following any nine consecutive
trading day period in which the average trading price per 1,000 principal amount of
the 3.75 Notes for each day of such period was less than 95 of the product of the
closing sale price per share of our common stock on that day multiplied by the number
of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 1,000 principal amount of the
3.75 Notes; or 

upon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions, including a change of control. 

One of the triggering events permitting note holders to convert their 3.75 Notes into shares
of our common stock was met at various times during the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005.
That triggering event is: if, during any calendar quarter, the closing price per share of our
common stock for at least 20 trading days in the period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on
the last trading day of the calendar quarter preceding the quarter in which the conversion occurs,
is more than 110 of the conversion price per share 7.10 per share) on that 30 th 
trading day, then the 3.75 Notes become convertible at the note holders option. During the
periods in which the 3.75 Notes were convertible, none of the note holders exercised their right
to convert them into shares of our common stock. As of December 31, 2006 and for the first quarter
of 2007, the 3.75 Notes did not meet any of the criteria for convertibility.

Floating Rate Notes 

On March 31, 2004, we issued 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of Floating Rate Notes
in a private offering that yielded net proceeds of approximately 97.8 million. On April 27, 2004,
one of the initial purchasers in our private offering of Floating Rate Notes exercised its option
to purchase an additional 25.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Floating Rate Notes with
the same terms. This yielded net proceeds of 24.4 million. The Floating Rate Notes bear interest
at a per annum rate equal to 3-month LIBOR, adjusted quarterly, minus a spread of 0.05 but will
never be less than zero or more than 6.00 . The Floating Rate Notes mature on April 1, 2024. The
average interest rate on the Floating Rate Notes was 5.07 and 3.27 for the years ended December
31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The interest rate is 5.31 for the first quarter of 2007. The
Floating Rate Notes are convertible into shares of our common stock, upon the occurrence of certain
events, at a conversion price of 6.51 per share, which is equal to a conversion rate of
approximately 153.6098 shares per 1,000 principal amount of the Floating Rate Notes, subject to
adjustment. The Floating Rate Notes are general unsecured senior obligations and are fully and
unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by all our domestic wholly-
owned subsidiaries. Non-guarantor subsidiaries are immaterial. The Floating Rate Notes and
the guarantees rank equally with all of our other senior unsecured debt, currently our 3.75 
Contingent Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (the 3.75 Notes ). Fees and expenses of 3.6
million incurred at the time of issuance are being amortized through April 1, 2014, the first date
the holders may require us to repurchase the Floating Rate Notes.

-25- 

Table of Contents 

We may redeem some or all of the Floating Rate Notes at any time on or after April 1, 2014, at
a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Floating Rate Notes, plus accrued
but unpaid interest and liquidated damages, if any, to the date of repurchase, payable in cash.
Holders may require us to repurchase all or a portion of the Floating Rate Notes on April 1, 2014
or April 1, 2019, and upon a change of control, as defined in the indenture governing the Floating
Rate Notes, at 100 of the principal amount of the Floating Rate Notes, plus accrued but unpaid
interest and liquidated damages, if any, to the date of repurchase, payable in cash.

The Floating Rate Notes are convertible, at the holder s option, prior to the maturity date
into shares of our common stock under the following circumstances:

during any calendar quarter, if the closing sale price per share of our common stock
for at least 20 trading days in the period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the
last trading day of the calendar quarter preceding the quarter in which the conversion
occurs, is more than 120 of the conversion price per share 7.81 per share) on that
30th trading day; 

if we have called the Floating Rate Notes for redemption; 

during any period that the credit ratings assigned to the 3.75 Notes by both
Moody s Investors Service Moody s and Standard Poor s Ratings Group S P are
reduced below B1 and B , respectively, or if neither rating agency is rating our 3.75 
Notes; 

during the five trading day period immediately following any nine consecutive
trading day period in which the average trading price per 1,000 principal amount of
the Floating Rate Notes for each day of such period was less than 95 of the product of
the closing sale price per share of our common stock on that day multiplied by the
number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 1,000 principal amount of
the Floating Rate Notes; or 

upon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions, including a change of control. 

As of December 31, 2006 and as of the date of this report, none of the conditions enabling the
holders of the Floating Rate Notes to convert them into shares of our common stock had occurred.

CIT Facility 

Our subsidiary Grey Wolf Drilling Company L.P. has a 100.0 million credit facility with the
CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc. (the CIT Facility which expires December 31, 2008. The CIT
Facility, as amended, provides us with the ability to borrow up to the lesser of 100.0 million or
50 of the Orderly Liquidation Value (as defined in the agreement) of certain drilling rig
equipment located in the 48 contiguous states of the United States of America. The CIT Facility is
a revolving facility with automatic renewals after expiration unless terminated by the lender on
any subsequent anniversary date and then only upon 60 days prior notice. Periodic interest
payments are due at a floating rate based upon our debt service coverage ratio within a range of
either LIBOR plus 1.75 to 3.50 or prime plus 0.25 to 1.50 . The CIT Facility provides up to
 50.0 million available for letters of credit. We are required to pay a quarterly commitment fee
of 0.375 to 0.50 per annum on the unused portion of the CIT Facility. Letters of credit accrue a
fee of 1.25 per annum.

The CIT Facility contains affirmative and negative covenants and we are in compliance with
these covenants. Substantially all of our assets, including our drilling equipment, are pledged as
collateral under the CIT Facility which is also secured by a guarantee of Grey Wolf, Inc. and
guarantees of certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. We, however, retain the option, subject to
a minimum appraisal value, under the CIT Facility to extract 75.0 million of the equipment out of
the collateral pool in connection with the sale or exchange of such collateral or relocation of
equipment outside the contiguous 48 states of the United States of America.

Among the various covenants that we must satisfy under the CIT Facility are the following two
covenants (as defined in the CIT Facility) which apply whenever our liquidity, defined as the sum
of cash, cash equivalents and availability under the CIT Facility, falls below 35.0 million:

1 to 1 EBITDA coverage of debt service, tested monthly on a trailing 12 month basis;
and 

minimum tangible net worth (as defined in the CIT Facility) at the end of each
quarter will be at least the prior year tangible net worth less non-cash write-downs
since the prior year-end and less fixed amounts for each quarter end for which the test
is calculated. 

At December 31, 2006, our liquidity as defined above was 300.2 million. Additionally, if the
total amount outstanding under the CIT Facility (including outstanding letters of credit) exceeds
50 of the Orderly Liquidation Value of our domestic rigs, we are required to make a prepayment in
the amount of the excess. Also, if the average

-26- 

Table of Contents 

rig utilization rate falls below 45 for two
consecutive months, the lender will have the option to request one additional appraisal per year to
aid in determining the current orderly liquidation value of the drilling equipment. Average rig
utilization is defined as the total number of rigs owned which are operating under drilling
contracts in the 48 contiguous states of the United States of America divided by the total number
of rigs owned, excluding rigs not capable of working without substantial capital investment.
Events of default under the CIT Facility include, in addition to non-payment of amounts due,
misrepresentations and breach of loan covenants and certain other events including:

default with respect to other indebtedness in excess of 350,000; 

legal judgments in excess of 350,000; or 

a change in control which means that we cease to own 100 of our two principal
subsidiaries, some person or group has either acquired beneficial ownership of 30 or
more of the Company or obtained the power to elect a majority of our board of
directors, or our board of directors ceases to consist of a majority of continuing
directors (as defined by the CIT Facility). 

The CIT Facility allows us to repurchase shares of our common stock, pay dividends to our
shareholders, and make prepayments on the 3.75 Notes and the Floating Rate Notes. However, all of
the following conditions must be met to enable us to make payments for any of the above-mentioned
reasons: (i) payments may not exceed 150.0 million in the aggregate, (ii) no Default or Event of
Default shall exist at the time of any such payments, (iii) at least 35.0 million of Availability
(availability under the CIT Facility plus cash on hand) exists immediately after any such payments,
and (iv) we must provide CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc. three Business Days prior written notice
of any such payments. Capitalized terms used in the preceding sentence but not defined herein are
defined in the CIT Facility.

As of the date of this report, we did not have an outstanding balance under the CIT Facility
and had 27.3 million of undrawn, standby letters of credit. These standby letters of credit are
for the benefit of various insurance companies as collateral for premiums and losses which may
become payable under the terms of the underlying insurance contracts. Outstanding letters of credit
reduce the amount available for borrowing under the CIT facility.

Cash Flow 

The net cash provided by or used in our operating, investing and financing activities is
summarized below (amounts in thousands):

Years Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Net cash provided by (used in):

Operating activities

288,230 

221,612 

45,146 

Investing activities

(170,514) 

(128,250) 

(74,077) 

Financing activities

(61,088) 

8,073 

46,291 

Net increase in cash

56,628 

101,435 

17,360 

Our cash flows from operating activities are affected by a number of factors including the
number of rigs working under contract, whether the contracts are daywork, footage or turnkey, and
the rate received for these services. Our cash flow generated from operating activities during the
year ended December 31, 2006 was 288.2 million compared to 221.6 million during the year ended
December 31, 2005. This increase is due primarily to an increase in net income as a result of
higher dayrates and rig activity. Our higher activity and dayrates also caused an increase in
accounts receivable which partially offset the higher cash flow generated from more net income.

Our cash flow generated from operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2005 was
 221.6 million compared to 45.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2004. This increase is
due to an increase in net income as a result of higher dayrates and rig activity.

Cash flow used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2006 consisted of
 197.2 million of capital expenditures and 11.0 million in deposits for new rig purchases,
partially offset by 26.6 million in proceeds from the sale of equipment and 11.1 million in
proceeds from an insurance claim on the loss of one rig and top drive. Capital expenditures in
2006 included costs for the reactivation of five rigs, replacement of a
rig lost to fire and the purchase of two new rigs. For the year ended December 31,

-27- 

Table of Contents 

2005, cash flow
used in investing activities consisted of capital expenditures of 131.4 million, including costs
for the reactivation of 11 rigs available for refurbishment. For the year ended December 31, 2004,
cash flow used in investing activities consisted primarily of 28.9 million of cash paid in the
Patriot acquisition and 47.0 million in capital expenditures. Capital expenditures for 2006, 2005
and 2004 included betterments and improvements to our rigs, the acquisition of drill pipe and drill
collars, the purchase of top drives, and other capital items.

Cash flow used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2006, consisted
primarily of 65.1 million in repurchases of our common stock. Cash flow provided by financing
activities for the year ended December 31, 2005, consisted of proceeds of 8.1 million from the
exercise of stock options. Cash flow provided by financing activities for 2004 primarily consisted
of the net proceeds of 122.2 million from the issuance of the Floating Rate Notes, partially
offset by 85.0 million for the redemption of the previously outstanding 8 7 / 8 Notes. In addition,
proceeds from stock option exercises provided 10.2 million in 2004.

Certain Contractual Commitments 

The following table summarizes certain of our contractual cash obligations as of December 31,
2006 (amounts in thousands):

Payments Due by Period (1) 

Less than 

1-3 

4-5 

After 5 

Contractual Obligation 
 
 Total 

1 year 

years 

years 

years 

3.75 Notes (2) 

Principal

150,000 

150,000 

Interest

92,813 

5,625 

11,250 

11,250 

64,688 

Floating Rate Notes (2) 

Principal

125,000 

125,000 

Interest (3) 

114,497 

6,638 

13,275 

13,275 

81,309 

New rig purchases

47,041 

47,041 

Rig equipment

3,775 

3,775 

Drill pipe and collars

8,419 

8,419 

Operating leases

2,616 

757 

1,241 

618 

Total contractual
cash obligations

544,161 

72,255 

25,766 

25,143 

420,997 

(1) 
 
 This assumes no conversion under, or acceleration of maturity dates due to redemption,
breach of, or default under, the terms of the applicable contractual obligation. 

(2) 
 
 See Floating Rate Notes and 3.75 Notes , above, for information relating to covenants,
the breach of which could cause a default under, and acceleration of, the maturity date. Also
see 3.75 Notes and Floating Rate Notes for information related to the holders conversion
rights. 

(3) 
 
 Assumes the 3-month LIBOR effective for the first quarter of 2007 of 5.36 minus a spread of
0.05 (5.31 as of December 31, 2006) 

-28- 

Table of Contents 

Our CIT Facility provides up to 50.0 million for the issuance of letters of credit. If
letters of credit which we cause to be issued are drawn upon by the holders of those letters of
credit, then we will become obligated to repay those amounts along with any accrued interest and
fees. Letters of credit issued reduce the amount available for borrowing under the CIT Facility
and, as a result, we had borrowing capacity of 70.4 million at December 31, 2006. The following
table illustrates the undrawn outstanding standby letters of credit at December 31, 2006 and the
potential maturities if drawn upon by the holders (amounts in thousands):

Payments Due by Period (1) 

Potential

Total 

Less than 

1-3 

4-5 

Over 5 

Contractual Obligation

Committed 

1 year 

years 

years 

Years 

Standby letters of credit

29,554 

29,554 

Total

29,554 

29,554 

(1) 
 
 Assumes no acceleration of maturity date due to breach of, or default under, the potential
contractual obligation. 

Projected Cash Sources and Uses 

We expect to use cash generated from operations to cover cash requirements, including debt
service on the 3.75 Notes and Floating Rate Notes, capital expenditures in 2007, tax payments, and
common stock repurchases. We will make quarterly interest payments on the Floating Rate Notes on
January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 of each year and semi-annual interest payments of 2.8
million on the 3.75 Notes on May 7 and November 7 of each year through the dates of maturity. To
the extent that we are unable to generate sufficient cash from operations, we would be required to
use cash on hand or draw on our CIT Facility.

Capital expenditures for 2007 are projected to be between 130.0 million and 140.0 million.
We expect to spend approximately 47.0 million, net of
 11.0 million of deposits
made in 2006, to purchase four new 1,500 horsepower drilling rigs.
We have taken delivery of one of these rigs and the other three will be delivered at various times
during 2007. We have obtained long-term contracts on each of these rigs which, in the aggregate,
are expected to generate revenue of approximately 111.7 million over the term of the contracts.
We believe that this revenue will be sufficient to recover, after operating expenses, the purchase
price of these rigs.

In addition, our projected capital expenditures for 2007 include costs for betterments and
improvements to our rigs, the acquisition of drill pipe and drill collars, the purchase of top
drives, and other capital items.

Results of Operations 

Our drilling contracts generally provide compensation on either a daywork, turnkey or footage
basis. Successfully completed turnkey and footage contracts generally result in higher revenues
per rig day worked than under daywork contracts. EBITDA per rig day worked on successful turnkey
and footage jobs are also generally greater than under daywork contracts, although we are typically
required to bear additional operating costs (such as drill bits) that would typically be paid by
the customer under daywork contracts. Contract drilling revenues and EBITDA on turnkey and footage
contracts are affected by a number of variables which include the depth of the well, geological
complexities and the actual difficulties encountered in drilling the well.

In the following discussion of the results of our operations and elsewhere in our filings, we
use EBITDA and EBITDA per rig day. EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure under the rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). We believe that our disclosure of
EBITDA per rig day as a measure of rig operating performance allows investors to make a direct
comparison between us and our competitors, without regard to differences in capital structure or to
differences in the cost basis of our rigs and those of our competitors. Investors should be aware,
however, that there are limitations inherent in using this performance measure as a measure of
overall company profitability because it excludes significant expense items such as depreciation
expense and interest expense. An improving trend in EBITDA per rig day may not be indicative of an
improvement in our overall profitability. To compensate for the limitations in utilizing EBITDA
per rig day as an operating measure, our management also uses GAAP measures of performance
including operating income and net income to evaluate performance but only with respect to the
company as a whole and not on a per rig basis. In accordance with SEC
rules, we have included below a reconciliation of EBITDA to net income applicable to common
shares, which is the nearest comparable financial GAAP measure.

-29- 

Table of Contents 

Years Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Earnings before interest expense, taxes,
depreciation and amortization

431,975 

265,775 

84,342 

Depreciation and amortization

(74,010) 

(61,279) 

(55,329) 

Interest expense

(13,614) 

(11,364) 

(14,759) 

Total income tax expense

(124,400) 

(72,495) 

(6,176) 

Net income applicable to common
shares

219,951 

120,637 

8,078 

The following tables highlight rig days worked, contract drilling revenues and EBITDA for our
daywork and turnkey operations for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004.

For the Year Ended December 31, 2006 

Daywork 

Turnkey 

Operations 

Operations (1) 

Total 

(Dollars in thousands, except averages per rig day worked) 

Rig days worked

35,662 

3,899 

39,561 

Contract drilling revenues

736,773 

208,754 

945,527 

Drilling operations expenses

(368,637) 

(148,150) 

(516,787) 

General and administrative expense (2) 

(22,025) 

(2,280) 

(24,305) 

Interest income (2) 

10,365 

1,121 

11,486 

Gain on sale of assets (2) 

10,633 

1,262 

11,895 

Gain on insurance proceeds (2) 

3,675 

484 

4,159 

EBITDA

370,784 

61,191 

431,975 

Averages per rig day worked:

Contract drilling revenues

20,660 

53,540 

23,901 

EBITDA

10,397 

15,694 

10,919 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2005 

Daywork 

Turnkey 

Operations 

Operations (1) 

Total 

(Dollars in thousands, except averages per rig day worked) 

Rig days worked

33,718 

3,511 

37,229 

Contract drilling revenues

538,250 

158,729 

696,979 

Drilling operations expenses

(308,708) 

(109,936) 

(418,644) 

General and administrative expense (2) 

(14,750) 

(1,498) 

(16,248) 

Interest income (2) 

3,236 

337 

3,573 

Gain on sale of assets (2) 

111 

4 

115 

EBITDA

218,139 

47,636 

265,775 

Averages per rig day worked:

Contract drilling revenues

15,963 

45,209 

18,721 

EBITDA

6,470 

13,568 

7,139 

-30- 

Table of Contents 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2004 

Daywork 

Turnkey 

Operations 

Operations (1) 

Total 

(Dollars in thousands, except averages per rig day worked) 

Rig days worked

27,616 

3,561 

31,177 

Contract drilling revenues

308,851 

115,783 

424,634 

Drilling operations expenses

(234,630) 

(93,167) 

(327,797) 

General and administrative expense (2) 

(11,935) 

(1,382) 

(13,317) 

Interest income (2) 

691 

86 

777 

Gain on sale of assets (2) 

34 

11 

45 

EBITDA

63,011 

21,331 

84,342 

Averages per rig day worked:

Contract drilling revenues

11,184 

32,515 

13,620 

EBITDA

2,282 

5,990 

2,705 

(1) 
 
 Turnkey operations include the results from turnkey and footage contracts. 

(2) 
 
 These income and expense items are not contract related and are allocated between daywork and
turnkey based upon operating rig days. 

Comparison of Fiscal Years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 

Our EBITDA increased by 166.2 million, or 63 , to 432.0 million for the year ended December
31, 2006 from 265.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2005. The increase resulted from a
 152.6 million increase in EBITDA from daywork operations and a 13.6 million increase in EBITDA
from turnkey operations. On a per rig day basis, our total EBITDA increased by 3,780 or 53 to
 10,919 in 2006 from 7,139 in 2005. This increase included a 3,927 per rig day increase from
daywork operations and a 2,126 per rig day increase from turnkey operations. Total general and
administrative expenses increased by 8.1 million, due primarily to the expensing of stock options
and restricted stock in 2006, as well as to higher payroll and short-term incentive costs, and
employee retention plans but as a percentage of annual contract drilling revenues, remained
essentially unchanged at 2.6 . Total interest income increased by 7.9 million due to higher cash
balances and higher interest rates in 2006 compared to 2005. The gain on sale of assets increased
by 11.8 million due mostly to the sale of five rigs held for refurbishment in January 2006. The
gain on insurance proceeds of 4.2 million in 2006 relates to the proceeds received from the loss
of one of our rigs and top drives.

Daywork Operations 

The increase in EBITDA discussed above was due in part to an increase of 6 , or 1,944 rig days
worked on daywork contracts during 2006 compared to 2005. This increase in days was due primarily
to overall higher demand for our services and deployment of five rigs previously held for
refurbishment. Higher dayrates, however, contributed more significantly to the increase in EBITDA
with contract drilling revenue per rig day increasing 4,697, or 29 . The increase in dayrates
includes the effect of a 540 per rig day wage increase effective May 1, 2006 which was passed on
to our customers in the form of higher dayrates. Drilling operations expenses increased overall,
and on a per rig day basis, due to higher activity levels, as well as several other factors. Those
factors include increases in labor costs due to the above-mentioned wage increase, general
inflationary cost increases on good and services, higher maintenance and repair costs, and the
employee retention program implemented in November of 2005 to retain experienced personnel but as a
percentage of dayrate contract drilling revenues, dayrate drilling operations expenses decreased to
50.0 in 2006 from 57.4 in 2005. Unlike wage increases, we have not passed the cost of our
retention bonus program on to our customers as an increase in dayrates.

Turnkey Operations 

Turnkey EBITDA was higher for the year ended December 31, 2006 due to higher revenue in total
and on a per rig day basis. Contract drilling revenue per rig day increased 8,331, or 18 , with a
small portion of this increase on a per rig day basis resulting from the May 1, 2006 wage increase
that was passed on to our customers in the form of higher dayrates. Increasing daywork dayrates are
considered in our turnkey bid process and resulted in price increases for our turnkey operations.
These price increases resulted in higher revenue. The increase in

-31- 

Table of Contents 

EBITDA was also impacted by an
increase in rig days worked. Rig days worked increased by 388 rig days, or 11 , for the year ended
December 31, 2006 compared to the same period in 2005. Also, differences in the complexity and
success of the wells drilled are a contributing factor to EBITDA fluctuations. During the third
and fourth quarter of 2006, we encountered difficulties on certain turnkey contracts, generating
losses, which partially offset the increase in EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2006.

Other 

Depreciation and amortization expense increased by 12.7 million, or 21 , to 74.0 million for
the year ended December 31, 2006 compared to the same period in 2005. Depreciation and
amortization expense is higher due to capital expenditures made during 2005 and 2006, primarily
including the cost for rig refurbishments, betterments and improvements to our rigs, the
acquisition of drill pipe and rill collars, the purchase of new top drives and other capital items.

Interest expense increased by 2.3 million, or 20 , to 13.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 2006 from 11.4 million for the same period in 2005. This increase is due primarily
to a higher interest rate on our Floating Rate Notes during 2006 as compared to 2005. Our average
interest rate was 5.07 for the year ended 2006 as compared to 3.27 for the year ended 2005.
There was no change in our debt balance during the year ended December 31, 2006.

Our income taxes increased by 51.9 million to 124.4 million for the year ended December 31,
2006 from 72.5 million for the same period in 2005. The increase is due to the higher level of
income. We also utilized the majority of our remaining net operating loss carryforwards in 2005
for federal tax purposes which has caused a significant increase in current tax expense versus
deferred tax expense.

Comparison of Fiscal Years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004 

Our EBITDA increased by 181.4 million, or 215 , to 265.8 million for the year ended December
31, 2005 from 84.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2004. The increase resulted from a
 155.1 million increase in EBITDA from daywork operations and a 26.3 million increase in EBITDA
from turnkey operations. On a per rig day basis, our total EBITDA increased by 4,434, or 164 to
 7,139 in 2005 from 2,705 in 2004. This increase included a 4,188 per rig day increase from
daywork operations and a 7,578 per rig day increase from turnkey operations. Total general and
administrative expenses increased by 2.9 million primarily due to higher payroll and short-term
incentive costs, and professional fees but as a percentage of annual contract drilling revenues
decreased by 0.8 . Total interest income increased by 2.8 million due to higher cash balances and
higher interest rates in 2005 compared to 2004.

Daywork Operations 

The increase in EBITDA discussed above was due in part to an increase of 22 , or 6,102 rig
days worked on daywork contracts during 2005 compared to 2004. This increase in days was due
primarily to overall higher demand for our services. Higher dayrates contributed significantly to
the increase in EBITDA with contract drilling revenue per rig day increasing 4,779, or 43 ;
however, this increase includes approximately 250 average per rig day related to a wage increase
effective June 1, 2005 that was passed on to our customers in the form of higher dayrates.

Drilling operations expenses increased overall, and on a per rig day basis, due to higher
activity levels, as well as several other factors. Those factors include the above-mentioned wage
increase, crews being kept on the payroll during unanticipated maintenance, the employee retention
program implemented in November of 2005 and increases in other labor costs. As a percentage of
annual daywork contract revenues, however, daywork drilling operations expenses decreased to 57.4 
in 2005 from 76.0 in 2004.

Turnkey Operations 

Turnkey EBITDA per rig day increased 7,578, or 127 , to 13,568 for the year ended December
31, 2005, from 5,990 for the year ended December 31, 2004. The increase in EBITDA per rig day was
due primarily to higher revenue in total and on a per rig day basis. Contract drilling revenue per
rig day increased 12,694, or 39 primarily resulting from higher daywork dayrates, which are
considered in our turnkey bidding process. Also,

-32- 

Table of Contents 

differences in the complexity and success of the
wells drilled between the two periods contributed to the increased EBITDA.

Other 

Depreciation and amortization expense increased by 6.0 million, or 11 to 61.3 million for
the year ended December 31, 2005 compared to 55.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2004.
Depreciation and amortization expense is higher due to the acquisition of Patriot during the second
quarter of 2004, and capital expenditures during 2004 and 2005 for the reactivation of rigs
available for refurbishment, betterments and improvements to our rigs, the acquisition of drill
pipe and drill collars, and other capital items.

Interest expense decreased by 3.4 million, or 23 , to 11.4 million for 2005 from 14.8
million for 2004. The decrease is due to the issuance of the Floating Rate Notes and subsequent
redemption of our 8 7 / 8 Notes. This refinancing resulted in substantial interest savings given the
lower interest rate debt outstanding. In addition, the first half of 2004 included a 2.5 million
redemption premium and accelerated amortization of 1.1 million of deferred financing costs on the
8 7 / 8 Notes.

Our income tax expense increased by 66.3 million to 72.5 million in 2005, from 6.2 million
in 2004. The increase is due to the level of income and is also affected by the annual amortization
of 2.8 million in permanent differences related to differences between the financial accounting
and tax basis of assets that were purchased in capital stock acquisitions. The permanent difference
will be reduced as these assets are depreciated for financial accounting purposes on a
straight-line basis over their remaining useful lives of approximately seven years. As the
amortization of these permanent differences is a fixed amount, our book effective tax rate
decreased from 43 in 2004 to 37 in 2005 based upon the level of income.

Inflation and Changing Prices 

Contract drilling revenues do not necessarily track the changes in general inflation as they
tend to respond to the level of activity of the oil and natural gas industry in combination with
the supply of equipment and the number of competing companies. Capital and operating costs are
influenced to a larger extent by specific price changes in the oil and natural gas industry, demand
for drilling services and to a lesser extent by changes in general inflation. Our daywork
contracts generally allow us to pass wage increases, the most significant component of our
operating costs, on to our customers in the form of higher dayrates.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 

Interest Rate Risk. We are subject to market risk exposure related to changes in interest
rates on the Floating Rate Notes and the CIT Facility. The Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a
per annum rate which is equal to 3-month LIBOR, adjusted quarterly, minus a spread of 0.05 . We
had 125.0 million of the Floating Rate Notes outstanding at December 31, 2006. A 1 change in the
interest rate on the Floating Rate Notes would change our interest expense by 1.3 million on an
annual basis. However, the annual interest on the Floating Rate Notes will never be below zero or
more than 6.00 , which could yield interest expense ranging from zero to 7.5 million on an annual
basis. Interest on borrowings under the CIT Facility accrues at a variable rate, using either the
prime rate plus 0.25 to 1.50 or LIBOR plus 1.75 to 3.50 , depending upon our debt service
coverage ratio for the trailing 12 month period. We have no outstanding balance under the CIT
Facility at February 20, 2007 and as such have no exposure under this facility to a change in
interest rates.

-33- 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Index to 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
and Financial Statement Schedule 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

35 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

36 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2006 and 2005 

38 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

39 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity And Comprehensive Income For the Years Ended December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004 

40 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004 

41 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

42 

Financial Statement Schedule:

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

58 

Schedules other than those listed above are omitted because they are either not applicable or not
required or the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes
thereto.

-34- 

Table of Contents 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of
records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or
that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

We assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the
framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our evaluation under the framework in
Internal Control Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2006. Our management s assessment of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006 has been
audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report
which is included on page 37.

/s/ Thomas P. Richards

/s/ David W. Wehlmann 

Thomas P. Richards

David W. Wehlmann 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

February 27, 2007

-35- 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The Shareholders and Board of Directors 
Grey Wolf, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Grey Wolf, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, shareholders equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the years in
the three-year period ended December 31, 2006. In connection with our audits of the consolidated
financial statements, we also have audited the financial statement schedule for the years ended
December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004. These consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedule are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our
audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of Grey Wolf, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31,
2006 and 2005, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in
the three-year period ended December 31, 2006, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when
considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents
fairly, in all material respects the information set forth therein.

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, effective January 1, 2006,
the Company changed its method of accounting for share-based payments.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States), the effectiveness of Grey Wolf, Inc. s internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2006, based on criteria established in Internal Control 
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO) , and our report dated February 27, 2007 expressed an unqualified opinion on management s
assessment of, and the effective operation of, internal control over financial reporting.

KPMG LLP

Houston, Texas 
February 27, 2007

-36- 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The Shareholders and Board of Directors 
Grey Wolf, Inc.:

We have audited management s assessment, included in the accompanying Management s Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting that Grey Wolf, Inc. maintained effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006, based on criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) . Grey Wolf, Inc. s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management s assessment
and an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting
based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, evaluating management s assessment, testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have
a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or
that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, management s assessment that Grey Wolf, Inc. maintained effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006, is fairly stated, in all material
respects, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) . Also, in our opinion, Grey
Wolf, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2006, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) .

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Grey Wolf, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, shareholders equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the years in
the three-year period ended December 31, 2006, and our report dated February 27, 2007, expressed an
unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.

KPMG LLP

Houston, Texas 
February 27, 2007

-37- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(Amounts in thousands, except share data)

December 31, 

2006 

2005 

ASSETS 

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

229,773 

173,145 

Restricted cash

817 

780 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of
of 3,169 and 2,674, respectively

206,523 

159,438 

Prepaids and other current assets

7,817 

8,010 

Deferred tax assets

6,916 

4,222 

Total current assets

451,846 

345,595 

Property and equipment:

Land, buildings and improvements

7,044 

6,530 

Drilling equipment

1,107,457 

934,648 

Furniture and fixtures

4,839 

4,217 

Total property and equipment

1,119,340 

945,395 

Less: accumulated depreciation

(511,204) 

(445,430) 

Net property and equipment

608,136 

499,965 

Rigs held for sale, net

5,524 

Goodwill

10,377 

10,377 

Other noncurrent assets, net

16,625 

7,574 

1,086,984 

869,035 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable-trade

85,253 

61,087 

Accrued workers compensation

7,435 

6,575 

Payroll and related employee costs

15,952 

12,131 

Accrued interest payable

2,536 

2,156 

Current income taxes payable

20,641 

6,141 

Other accrued liabilities

15,265 

7,059 

Total current liabilities

147,082 

95,149 

Contingent convertible senior notes

275,000 

275,000 

Other long-term liabilities

9,877 

12,403 

Deferred income taxes

121,231 

117,251 

Commitments and contingent liabilities

Shareholders equity:

Series B Junior Participating Preferred stock; 1 par value;
250,000 shares authorized; none outstanding

Common stock; 0.10 par value; shares authorized: 300,000,000; shares issued:195,228,691
at December 31, 2006 and 192,625,650 at December 31, 2005; shares outstanding: 185,936,440 at December 31, 2006
and 192,625,650 at December 31, 2005

19,523 

19,263 

Additional paid-in capital

383,482 

374,012 

Treasury stock, at cost: 9,292,251 shares at December 31, 2006

(65,119) 

Retained earnings (deficit)

195,908 

(24,043) 

Total shareholders equity

533,794 

369,232 

1,086,984 

869,035 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

-38- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(Amounts in thousands, except per share data)

Years Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Revenues:

Contract drilling

945,527 

696,979 

424,634 

Costs and expenses:

Drilling operations

516,787 

418,644 

327,797 

Depreciation and amortization

74,010 

61,279 

55,329 

General and administrative

24,305 

16,248 

13,317 

Gain on sale of assets

(11,895) 

(115) 

(45) 

Gain on insurance proceeds

(4,159) 

Total costs and expenses

599,048 

496,056 

396,398 

Operating income

346,479 

200,923 

28,236 

Other income (expense):

Interest expense

(13,614) 

(11,364) 

(14,759) 

Interest income

11,486 

3,573 

777 

Other expense, net

(2,128) 

(7,791) 

(13,982) 

Income before income taxes

344,351 

193,132 

14,254 

Income tax expense:

Current

123,114 

11,717 

200 

Deferred

1,286 

60,778 

5,976 

Total income tax expense

124,400 

72,495 

6,176 

Net income

219,951 

120,637 

8,078 

Net income per common share (Note 1):

Basic

1.16 

0.63 

0.04 

Diluted

0.98 

0.54 

0.04 

Weighted average common shares outstanding:

Basic

190,088 

191,364 

185,868 

Diluted

233,818 

235,412 

187,654 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

-39- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity And Comprehensive Income 

(Amounts in thousands)

Series B 

Junior 

Participating 

Common Stock 

Treasury Stock 

Preferred 

Amount, 

Additional 

Retained 

Stock 

Number of 

at 0.10 

Paid-in 

Number 

Amount, 

Earnings 

1 par Value 

Shares 

par value 

Capital 

of Shares 

at cost 

(Deficit) 

Total 

Balance, December 31, 2003

181,283 

18,129 

330,266 

(152,758) 

195,637 

Non-cash compensation expense

77 

77 

Exercise of stock options

4,243 

424 

9,729 

10,153 

Tax benefit of stock
option exercises

3,193 

3,193 

Issuance of common stock

4,610 

461 

19,883 

20,344 

Comprehensive net income

8,078 

8,078 

Balance, December 31, 2004

190,136 

19,014 

363,148 

(144,680) 

237,482 

Exercise of stock options

2,292 

229 

7,844 

8,073 

Tax benefit of stock option exercises

2,842 

2,842 

Issuance of restricted stock, net of forfeitures

198 

20 

(20) 

Stock-based compensation expense

198 

198 

Comprehensive net income

120,637 

120,637 

Balance, December 31, 2005

192,626 

19,263 

374,012 

(24,043) 

369,232 

Exercise of stock options

905 

90 

3,062 

3,152 

Tax benefit of stock option exercises

1,330 

1,330 

Issuance of restricted stock, net of forfeitures

1,697 

170 

(170) 

Stock-based compensation expense

5,248 

5,248 

Purchase of treasury stock

(9,292) 

9,292 

(65,119) 

(65,119) 

Comprehensive net income

219,951 

219,951 

Balance, December 31, 2006

185,936 

19,523 

383,482 

9,292 

(65,119) 

195,908 

533,794 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

-40- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(Amounts in thousands)

Years Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income

219,951 

120,637 

8,078 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to
net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

74,010 

61,279 

55,329 

Non-cash compensation expense

77 

Gain on insurance proceeds

(4,159) 

Gain on sale of assets

(11,895) 

(115) 

(45) 

Provision for doubtful accounts

495 

250 

Stock-based compensation expense

5,248 

198 

Deferred income taxes

1,286 

60,778 

2,778 

Accretion of debt discount

102 

Excess tax benefit of stock option exercises

(879) 

2,842 

3,193 

Increase in restricted cash

(37) 

(22) 

(9) 

Increase in other accounts receivable

(47,580) 

(61,623) 

(34,128) 

(Increase) decrease in other current assets

193 

(2,913) 

(718) 

Increase in trade accounts payable

24,166 

18,333 

9,596 

Increase (decrease) in accrued workers compensation

(1,530) 

6,257 

2,402 

Increase(decrease) in other current liabilities

12,407 

8,019 

(3,642) 

Increase (decrease) in current taxes payable

15,830 

5,941 

200 

Increase in other

724 

1,751 

1,933 

Cash provided by operating activities

288,230 

221,612 

45,146 

Cash flows from investing activities:

Property and equipment additions

(197,161) 

(131,352) 

(46,951) 

Insurance proceeds

11,076 

Deposits for new rig purchases

(10,979) 

Payments to acquire New Patriot Drilling Corp

(28,906) 

Proceeds from sale of assets

26,550 

3,102 

1,780 

Cash used in investing activities

(170,514) 

(128,250) 

(74,077) 

Cash flows from financing activities:

Net proceeds from long-term debt

122,187 

Repayments of long-term debt

(85,000) 

Financing costs

(1,049) 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options

3,152 

8,073 

10,153 

Excess tax benefit of stock options

879 

Purchase of treasury stock

(65,119) 

Cash (used in) provided by financing activities

(61,088) 

8,073 

46,291 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents

56,628 

101,435 

17,360 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year

173,145 

71,710 

54,350 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year

229,773 

173,145 

71,710 

Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosure

Cash paid for interest

12,373 

9,862 

15,872 

Cash paid for taxes

107,052 

2,985 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

-41- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(1) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Nature of Operations. Grey Wolf, Inc. is a Texas corporation formed in 1980. Grey Wolf, Inc.
is a holding company with no independent assets or operations but through its subsidiaries is
engaged in the business of providing onshore contract drilling services to the oil and natural gas
industry. Grey Wolf, Inc., through its subsidiaries, currently conducts operations primarily in
Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas, Utah and Wyoming.
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Grey Wolf, Inc. and its
majority-owned subsidiaries (the Company or Grey Wolf ). All intercompany accounts and
transactions are eliminated in consolidation.

Property and Equipment. Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is
calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, as
follows:

Useful Lives (in years) 

Drilling rigs and related equipment

3-15 

Furniture and fixtures

7 

Buildings and improvements

5-20 

Vehicles

3-6 

Other

3-5 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 was 72.9 million,
 60.2 million and 54.5 million, respectively.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed Of. The Company reviews
its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Impairment of assets to be held and used is
determined by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to undiscounted future net cash flows
expected to be generated by an asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment
to be recognized is measured by an amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the
fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying
amount or fair value less costs to sell.

Goodwill and Intangible Assets. Goodwill represents the excess of costs over the fair value
of assets of a business acquired. The Company follows the provisions of SFAS No. 142, Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets. Pursuant to SFAS No. 142, goodwill and intangible assets acquired in
a purchase business combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life are not amortized,
but instead are tested for impairment at least annually in accordance with the provisions of SFAS
No. 142. SFAS No. 142 also requires that intangible assets with estimable useful lives be
amortized over their respective estimated useful lives to their estimated residual values, and
reviewed for impairment in accordance with SFAS No. 144, Accounting for Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets. The Company s intangible assets represent customer contracts and related
relationships acquired and are being amortized over the useful life of three years.

Revenue Recognition. Contract drilling revenues are earned under daywork, turnkey and footage
contracts. Revenue from daywork and footage contracts is recognized when it is realized or
realizable and earned. On daywork contracts, revenue is recognized based on the number of days
completed at fixed rates stipulated by the contract. On footage contracts revenue is recognized
based on the number of feet that have been drilled at fixed rates stipulated by the contract.
Revenue from turnkey drilling contracts is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method
based upon costs incurred to date and estimated total contract costs. Provision is made currently
for anticipated losses, if any, on uncompleted contracts.

Accounts Receivable. Trade accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not
bear interest. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents the Company s estimate of the amount
of probable credit losses existing in the Company s accounts receivable. The Company determines the
allowance based on a review of
customer balances and the deemed probability of collection. This review consists of analyzing
the age of individual balances, payment history of customers and other known factors.

-42- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Earnings per Share. Basic earnings per share EPS is based on the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding during the applicable period and excludes the nonvested portion of
restricted stock. The computation of diluted earnings per share is based on the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding during the period plus, when their effect is dilutive,
incremental shares consisting of shares subject to stock options, restricted stock and shares
issuable upon conversion of the Floating Rate Contingent Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 (the
 Floating Rate Notes and the 3.75 Contingent Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (the 3.75 
Notes (collectively referred to as the Contingent Convertible Senior Notes ).

Consistent with the provisions of Emerging Issues Task Force EITF Issue No. 04-08, The
Effect of Contingently Convertible Instruments on Diluted Earnings per Share, the Company accounts
for the Contingent Convertible Senior Notes using the if converted method set forth in the
Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Statement of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No. 128 Earnings Per Share for calculating diluted earnings per share. Under the if converted 
method, the after-tax effect of interest expense related to the Contingent Convertible Senior Notes
is added back to net income, and the convertible debt is assumed to have been converted to common
equity at the beginning of the period and is added to outstanding shares. The following is a
reconciliation of the components of the basic and diluted earnings per share calculations for the
applicable periods:

2006 

2005 

2004 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Numerator:

Net income

219,951 

120,637 

8,078 

Add interest expense on contingent
convertible senior notes, net of
related tax effects

8,117 

6,596 

Adjusted net income diluted

228,068 

127,233 

8,078 

Denominator:

Weighted average common shares
outstanding basic

190,088 

191,364 

185,868 

Effect of dilutive securities:

Options treasury stock method

887 

1,552 

1,786 

Restricted stock treasury stock method

386 

39 

Contingent convertible senior notes

42,457 

42,457 

Weighted average common shares
outstanding diluted

233,818 

235,412 

187,654 

Earnings per common share:

Basic

1.16 

0.63 

0.04 

Diluted

0.98 

0.54 

0.04 

-43- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

A summary of securities excluded from the computation of basic and diluted earnings per
share is presented below for the applicable periods:

Years Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Basic earnings per share:

Unvested restricted stock

1,895,831 

197,750 

Diluted earnings per share:

Anti-dilutive stock options

757,944 

904,200 

Anti-dilutive restricted stock

135,144 

Anti-dilutive stock from 3.75 Notes

23,255,820 

Anti-dilutive stock from Floating Rate Notes

19,201,225 

Total anti-dilutive securities excluded from
diluted earnings per share

757,944 

135,144 

43,361,245 

Income Taxes. The Company records deferred tax liabilities utilizing an asset and
liability approach. This method gives consideration to the future tax consequences associated with
differences between the financial accounting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. The effect
on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the
period that includes the enactment date. The Company and its domestic subsidiaries file a
consolidated federal income tax return.

Share-Based Payment Arrangements. At December 31, 2006, the Company had stock-based
compensation plans with employees and directors, which are more fully described in Note 5. Prior
to January 1, 2006, the Company accounted for those plans under the recognition and measurement
provisions of Accounting Principles Board APB Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees, and related interpretations, as permitted by SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation. Accordingly, no stock-based compensation expense was recognized, as all options
granted under those plans had an exercise price equal to the market value of the underlying common
stock on the date of grant. Effective January 1, 2006, the Company adopted the fair value
provisions of SFAS No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment, using the modified-prospective transition
method. Under that transition method, compensation expense recognized for the year ended December
31, 2006 includes: (a) compensation expense for all share-based payments granted prior to, but not
yet vested, as of January 1, 2006, based on the grant date fair value estimated in accordance with
the original provisions of SFAS No. 123; and (b) compensation cost for all share-based payments
granted subsequent to January 1, 2006, based on the grant date fair value estimated in accordance
with the provisions of SFAS No. 123(R). Costs related to unearned restricted stock awards which
were previously presented separately within shareholders equity, are now included in additional
paid-in capital. Results for prior periods have not been restated. The initial adoption of SFAS
No. 123(R) on January 1, 2006 did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated
financial statements.

The Company records compensation expense over the requisite service period using the
straight-line method. The fair value of each stock option was estimated on the date of grant using
the Black-Scholes-Merton option-valuation model. The key input variables used in valuing the
options granted for the year ended December 31, 2006 were: risk-free interest rate based on
three-year Treasury strips of 4.89 ; dividend yield of zero; stock price volatility of 39 based on
historical volatility of the Company s stock with consideration given to implied volatilities from
traded options on the Company s stock; and expected option lives of three years based on historical
stock option exercise data and future expectations.

Prior to the adoption of SFAS No.123(R), the Company presented tax benefits of deductions
resulting from the exercise of stock options as operating cash flows in the Consolidated Statement
of Cash Flows. SFAS No. 123(R) requires the cash flows from the tax benefits resulting from tax
deductions in excess of the tax benefit

-44- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

associated with compensation cost recognized for those
options (excess tax benefits) to be classified as financing cash flows.

A summary of the Company s stock option activity as of December 31, 2006, and changes during
the year then ended is presented below:

Weighted- 

Average 

Weighted- 

Remaining 

Aggregate 

Average 

Contractual 

Intrinsic 

Shares 

Exercise Price 

Life 

Value 

(in thousands) 

(in years) 

(in thousands) 

Outstanding at January 1, 2006

4,253 

3.83 

Granted

340 

7.34 

Exercised

(905) 

3.48 

Forfeited

(69) 

4.43 

Outstanding at December 31, 2006

3,619 

4.23 

5.97 

9,516 

Exercisable at December 31, 2006

1,760 

3.76 

4.72 

5,464 

The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted during the year ended
December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 was 2.35, 2.99 and 3.92, respectively. The total intrinsic
value of options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 was 3.8 million,
 8.1 million and 9.1 million, respectively.

As of December 31, 2006, there was 2.6 million of total unrecognized compensation cost
related to outstanding stock options. That cost is expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period of 2.0 years. The amount of stock option expense for the year ended
December 31, 2006 was 2.1 million.

A summary of the status of the Company s shares of restricted stock as of December 31, 2006,
and changes during the year then ended is presented below:

Weighted-Average 

Grant-Date 

Shares 

Fair Value 

(in thousands) 

Non-vested at January 1, 2006

198 

5.73 

Granted

1,794 

7.30 

Forfeited

(96) 

7.03 

Non-vested at December 31, 2006

1,896 

7.16 

As of December 31, 2006, there was 8.8 million of total unrecognized compensation cost
related to shares of restricted stock. That cost is expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period of 2.3 years. The amount of expense related to restricted stock for the
year ended December 31, 2006 was 3.2 million. The weighted-average grant-date fair value per
share of restricted stock granted during the year ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 was 7.30 and
 5.73, respectively. No shares vested during the year ended December 31, 2006 and 2005.

-45- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following table illustrates the effect on net income and earnings per share if the Company
had applied the fair value recognition provisions of SFAS No. 123 to stock options granted for the
years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004 (in thousands, except per share amounts).

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2005 

2004 

Net income, as reported

120,637 

8,078 

Add: Stock-based compensation expense included
in reported net income, net of related tax effects

124 

52 

Deduct: Total stock-based compensation expense
determined under fair value based method for all awards,
net of related tax effects

(2,322) 

(2,082) 

Pro forma net income

118,439 

6,048 

Basic earnings per share

As reported

0.63 

0.04 

Pro forma

0.62 

0.03 

Diluted earnings per share

As reported

0.54 

0.04 

Pro forma

0.53 

0.03 

For purposes of determining compensation expense using the provisions of SFAS No. 123, the
fair value of option grants was determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-valuation model.
The key input variables used in valuing the options granted in 2005 and 2004 were: risk-free
interest rate based on five-year Treasury strips of 3.86 to 4.46 in 2005, 3.36 to 3.67 in 2004;
dividend yield of zero in each year; stock price volatility of 53 to 57 for 2005, 55 to 56 for
2004; and expected option lives of five years in each year presented.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments. The carrying amount of the Company s cash and short-term
investments approximates fair value because of the short maturity of those instruments. The
carrying amount of the Company s credit facility approximates fair value as the interest is indexed
to the prime rate or LIBOR. The fair value of the 3.75 Notes was 178.0 million and 192.6
million at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively versus a face value of 150.0 million. The
fair value of the Floating Rate Notes was 159.7 million and 170.5 million at December 31, 2006
and 2005, respectively, versus a face value of 125.0 million. Fair value was estimated based on
quoted market prices.

Cash Flow Information. Cash flow statements are prepared using the indirect method. The
Company considers all unrestricted highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or
less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents.

Restricted Cash. Restricted cash consists of investments in interest bearing certificates of
deposit which are used as collateral for letters of credit securing insurance deposits. The
carrying value of the investments approximates the current market value.

Use of Estimates. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires the use of certain estimates
and assumptions relating to the reporting of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Concentrations of Credit Risk. Substantially all of the Company s contract drilling
activities are conducted with major and independent oil and natural gas companies in the United
States. Historically, the Company has not required collateral or other security for the related
receivables from such customers. However, the Company has
required certain customers to deposit funds in escrow prior to the commencement of drilling.
Actions typically

-46- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

taken by the Company in the event of nonpayment include filing a lien on the
customer s producing properties and filing suit against the customer.

Comprehensive Income. Comprehensive income includes all changes in a company s equity during
the period that result from transactions and other economic events, other than transactions with
its shareholders.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements. In May 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No. 154, Accounting
Changes and Error Corrections. This Statement replaces APB Opinion No. 20, Accounting Changes, 
and FASB Statement No. 3, Reporting Accounting Changes in Interim Financial Statements, and
changes the requirements of accounting for and reporting of a change in accounting principle. SFAS
No. 154 requires, among other things, retrospective application of a voluntary change in accounting
principle. Previously, voluntary changes in accounting principle were accounted for by including a
one-time cumulative effect in the period of change. SFAS No. 154 is effective for accounting
changes and corrections of errors made in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2005. The
Company adopted this standard as of the effective date and there was no material impact on the
consolidated financial statements as a result of this adoption.

In June 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. FIN 48, Accounting for Uncertainty
in Income Taxes, which clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an
enterprise s financial statements in accordance with SFAS No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes. 
This interpretation prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial
statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax
return. FIN 48 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties,
accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition and is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2006. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting FIN
48 and does not believe it will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial
statements upon adoption.

In September 2006, the SEC released Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No. 108, Considering
the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements When Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial
Statements. SAB No. 108 provides guidance on how the effects of the carryover or reversal of
prior year financial statement misstatements should be considered in quantifying a current year
misstatement. Prior practice allowed the evaluation of materiality on the basis of either (1) the
error quantified as the amount by which the current year income statement was misstated rollover
method or (2) the cumulative error quantified as the cumulative amount by which the current year
balance sheet was misstated iron curtain method ). Reliance on either method in prior years
could have resulted in misstatement of the financial statements. SAB No. 108 requires both methods
to be used in evaluating materiality. Immaterial prior year errors may be corrected with the first
filing of prior year financial statements after adoption. The cumulative effect of the correction
would be reflected in the opening balance sheet with appropriate disclosure of the nature and
amount of each individual error corrected in the cumulative adjustment, as well as a disclosure of
the cause of the error and that the error had been deemed to be immaterial in the past. SAB No.
108 is effective for annual financial statements covering the first fiscal year ending after
November 15, 2006. The Company adopted this bulletin as of December 31, 2006 and there was no
impact on the consolidated financial statements.

Reclassification. Certain prior period balances have been reclassified to conform to the
presentations in 2006.

(2) Acquisitions and Intangible Assets 

On April 6, 2004, the Company acquired all of the outstanding capital stock and stock
equivalents of New Patriot Drilling Corp. Patriot by merger. The Company recorded all revenue
and expenses since that date. Patriot had a fleet of ten drilling rigs and provided onshore
contract land drilling services to the oil and natural gas industry in the Rocky Mountain region.

The aggregate purchase price for Patriot was 49.5 million, including 14.2 million in cash,
 14.7 million in cash to retire the outstanding debt of Patriot and 4,610,480 shares of the
Company s common stock valued at 20.6 million. The value of the common stock issued was
determined based upon the average market price of the

-47- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Company s common stock over the five day period beginning two days before and ending two days
after the signing of the agreement and plan of merger.

The purchase price was allocated among assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their
fair market value at the date of acquisition. The purchase price allocation is as follows (in
thousands):

Current assets

3,992 

Property and equipment

42,384 

Intangible assets

3,200 

Goodwill

10,377 

Total assets acquired

59,953 

Current liabilities

(4,490) 

Deferred tax liabilities

(5,977) 

Total liabilities assumed

(10,467) 

Net assets acquired

49,486 

Goodwill represents the excess of costs over the fair value of assets of the business
acquired. None of the goodwill resulting from this acquisition is deductible for tax purposes.
The intangible assets represent customer contracts and related relationships acquired and are being
amortized over the useful life of three years. Amortization expenses related to these intangible
assets was 1.1 million in each of the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, and 781,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2004. Accumulated amortization was 2.9 million at December 31, 2006.
Amortization expense remaining on these intangible assets is 285,000, all of which will be
recognized during the first quarter of 2007. The net balance of these intangible assets was
included in net other noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance sheets.

(3) Income Taxes 

The Company and its U.S. subsidiaries file a consolidated federal income tax return. The
components of the provision for income taxes consisted of the following (amounts in thousands):

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Current

Federal

111,885 

10,260 

125 

Foreign

107 

75 

State

11,229 

1,350 

123,114 

11,717 

200 

Deferred

Federal

2,933 

56,937 

6,082 

State

(1,647) 

3,841 

(106) 

1,286 

60,778 

5,976 

-48- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Deferred income taxes are determined based upon the difference between the carrying amount of
assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and amounts used for income tax purposes,
and net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The tax effects of the Company s temporary differences and carryforwards
are as follows (amounts in thousands):

December 31, 

2006 

2005 

Deferred tax assets

Workers compensation accruals

6,072 

6,717 

Long-term incentive plans

4,062 

74 

Other

3,116 

1,493 

13,250 

8,284 

Deferred tax liabilities

Depreciation

127,565 

121,313 

Net deferred tax liability

114,315 

113,029 

No valuation allowance was recorded as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively, as
management believes that it is more likely than not that future earnings and reversal of deferred
tax liabilities will be sufficient to permit the Company to realize its deferred tax assets.

The following summarizes the differences between the federal statutory tax rate of 35 
(amounts in thousands):

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Income tax expense at statutory rate

120,523 

67,596 

4,989 

Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from:

Permanent differences

Section 199 Manufacturing Deduction 

(3,418) 

Basis differences in assets that were
purchased in capital stock acquisitions

972 

972 

972 

State taxes, net

5,950 

3,131 

(69) 

Other

373 

796 

284 

Income tax expense

124,400 

72,495 

6,176 

-49- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(4) Long-Term Debt 

Long-term debt consists of the following (amounts in thousands):

December 31, 

2006 

2005 

Contingent Convertible Senior Notes due May 2023

150,000 

150,000 

Floating Rate Contingent Convertible Senior Notes due April 2024

125,000 

125,000 

275,000 

275,000 

Less current maturities

Long-term debt

275,000 

275,000 

3.75 Notes 

The 3.75 Notes bear interest at 3.75 per annum and mature on May 7, 2023. The 3.75 Notes
are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, upon the occurrence of certain events,
at a conversion price of 6.45 per share, which is equal to a conversion rate of approximately
155.0388 shares per 1,000 principal amount of the 3.75 Notes, subject to adjustment. The Company
will pay contingent interest at a rate equal to 0.50 per annum during any six-month period, with
the initial six-month period commencing May 7, 2008, if the average trading price of the 3.75 
Notes per 1,000 principal amount for the five day trading period ending on the third day
immediately preceding the first day of the applicable six-month period equals 1,200 or more. The
3.75 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Company and are fully and
unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by all domestic wholly-owned subsidiaries
of the Company. Non-guarantor subsidiaries are immaterial. The 3.75 Notes and the guarantees rank
equally with all of the Company s other senior unsecured debt, including the Floating Rate Notes.
Fees and expenses of 4.0 million incurred at the time of issuance are being amortized through May
2013, the first date the holders may require the Company to repurchase the 3.75 Notes.

The Company may redeem some or all of the 3.75 Notes at any time on or after May 14, 2008, at
a redemption price shown below, payable in cash, plus accrued but unpaid interest, including
contingent interest, if any, to the date of redemption:

Redemption 

Period 
 
 Price 

May 14, 2008 through May 6, 2009 

101.88 

May 7, 2009 through May 6, 2010 

101.50 

May 7, 2010 through May 6, 2011 

101.13 

May 7, 2011 through May 6, 2012 

100.75 

May 7, 2012 through May 6, 2013 

100.38 

May 7, 2013 and thereafter 

100.00 

Holders may require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of the 3.75 Notes on May 7,
2013 or May 7, 2018, and upon a change of control, as defined in the indenture governing the 3.75 
Notes, at 100 of the principal amount of the 3.75 Notes, plus accrued but unpaid interest,
including contingent interest, if any, to the date of repurchase, payable in cash.

The 3.75 Notes are convertible, at the holders option, prior to the maturity date into
shares of the Company s common stock under the following circumstances:

during any calendar quarter, if the closing sale price per share of the
Company s common stock for at least 20 trading days in the period of 30 consecutive
trading days ending on the last trading 

-50- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

day of the calendar quarter preceding the quarter in which the conversion occurs, is
more than 110 of the conversion price per share 7.10 per share) on that 30th
trading day; 

if the Company has called the 3.75 Notes for redemption; 

during any period that the credit ratings assigned to the 3.75 Notes by
both Moody s and S P are reduced below B1 and B , respectively, or if neither rating
agency is rating the 3.75 Notes; 

during the five trading day period immediately following any nine
consecutive trading day period in which the average trading price per 1,000 principal
amount of the 3.75 Notes for each day of such period was less than 95 of the product
of the closing sale price per share of the Company s common stock on that day
multiplied by the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 1,000
principal amount of the 3.75 Notes; or 

upon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions, including a change
of control. 

One of the triggering events permitting note holders to convert their 3.75 Notes into shares
of the Company s common stock was met at various times during the years ended December 31, 2006 and
2005. That triggering event is: if, during any calendar quarter, the closing sale price per share
of the Company s common stock for at least 20 trading days in the period of 30 consecutive trading
days ending on the last trading day of the calendar quarter preceding the quarter in which the
conversion occurs, is more than 100 of the conversion price per share 7.10 per share) on that
30 th trading day, then the 3.75 Notes become convertible at the note holders option.
During the periods in which the 3.75 Notes were convertible, none of the note holders exercised
their right to convert them into shares of the Company s common stock. In addition, as of December
31, 2006 and for the first quarter of 2007, the 3.75 Notes did not meet any of the criteria for
convertibility.

Floating Rate Notes 

On March 31, 2004, the Company issued 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of Floating
Rate Notes in a private offering that yielded net proceeds of approximately 97.8 million. On April
27, 2004, one of the initial purchasers in the Company s private offering of the Floating Rate
Notes exercised its option to purchase an additional 25.0 million aggregate principal amount of
the Floating Rate Notes with the same terms. This yielded net proceeds of 24.4 million. The
Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a per annum rate equal to 3-month LIBOR, adjusted quarterly,
minus a spread of 0.05 . The per annum interest rate will never be less than zero or more than
6.00 . The average interest rate on the Floating Rate Notes was 5.07 and 3.27 for the years ended
December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The interest rate was 5.32 and 4.05 for the quarters
ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The Floating Rate Notes mature on April 1, 2024.
The Floating Rate Notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, upon the
occurrence of certain events, at a conversion price of 6.51 per share, which is equal to a
conversion rate of approximately 153.6098 shares per 1,000 principal amount of the Floating Rate
Notes, subject to adjustment. The Floating Rate Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of
the Company and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by all
domestic wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company. Non-guarantor subsidiaries are immaterial. The
Floating Rate Notes and the guarantees rank equally with all of the Company s other senior
unsecured debt, currently the Company s 3.75 Notes. Fees and expenses of approximately 3.6
million incurred at the time of issuance are being amortized through April 1, 2014, the first date
the holders may require the Company to repurchase the Floating Rate Notes.

The Company may redeem some or all of the Floating Rate Notes at any time on or after April 1,
2014, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Floating Rate Notes, plus
accrued but unpaid interest and liquidated damages, if any, to the date of repurchase, payable in
cash. Holders may require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of the Floating Rate Notes on
April 1, 2014 or April 1, 2019, and upon a change of control, as defined in the indenture governing
the Floating Rate Notes, at 100 of the principal amount of the Floating Rate Notes, plus accrued
but unpaid interest and liquidated damages, if any, to the date of repurchase, payable in cash.

The Floating Rate Notes are convertible, at the holders option, prior to the maturity date
into shares of the Company s common stock under the following circumstances:

-51- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

during any calendar quarter, if the closing sale price per share of the
Company s common stock for at least 20 trading days in the period of 30 consecutive
trading days ending on the last trading day of the calendar quarter preceding the quarter in which the conversion occurs, is
more than 120 of the conversion price per share 7.81 per share) on that 30th
trading day; 

if the Company has called the Floating Rate Notes for redemption; 

during any period that the credit ratings assigned to the Company s 3.75 
Notes by both Moody s Investors Service Moody s and Standard Poor s Ratings Group S P are reduced below B1 and B , respectively, or if neither rating agency is
rating the Company s 3.75 Notes; 

during the five trading day period immediately following any nine
consecutive trading day period in which the average trading price per 1,000 principal
amount of the Floating Rate Notes for each day of such period was less than 95 of the
product of the closing sale price per share of the Company s common stock on that day
multiplied by the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 1,000
principal amount of the Floating Rate Notes; or 

upon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions, including a change
of control. 

The Floating Rate Notes did not meet the criteria for conversion into common stock at any time
during the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005.

8 7 / 8 Senior Notes due 2007 

On March 31, 2004, 90.0 million of the net proceeds received from the issuance of the
Floating Rate Notes was irrevocably deposited with the trustee for the 8 7 / 8 Senior Notes due 2007
(the 8 7 / 8 Notes to redeem all outstanding notes at 102.9580 , plus accrued interest. On April 30,
2004, the cash deposited with the trustee was used to redeem the 85.0 million aggregate principal
amount of the 8 7 / 8 Notes. The redemption premium of 2.5 million is included in interest expense
during the quarter ended March 31, 2004 and the remaining 1.1 million of deferred financing costs
associated with the 8 7 / 8 Notes was accelerated and amortized through the redemption date of April
30, 2004.

CIT Facility 

The Company s subsidiary Grey Wolf Drilling Company L.P. has a 100.0 million credit facility
with the CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc. (the CIT Facility which was amended in December 2004
and expires December 31, 2008. The CIT Facility provides the Company with the ability to borrow up
to the lesser of 100.0 million or 50 of the Orderly Liquidation Value (as defined in the
agreement) of certain drilling rig equipment located in the 48 contiguous states of the United
States of America. The CIT Facility is a revolving facility with automatic renewals after
expiration unless terminated by the lender on any subsequent anniversary date and then only upon 60
days prior notice. Periodic interest payments are due at a floating rate based upon the Company s
debt service coverage ratio within a range of either LIBOR plus 1.75 to 3.50 or prime plus 0.25 
to 1.50 . The CIT Facility provides up to 50.0 million available for letters of credit. The
Company is required to pay a quarterly commitment fee of 0.375 to 0.50 per annum on the unused
portion of the CIT Facility. Letters of credit accrue a fee of 1.25 per annum. The Company
incurred 786,000, 760,000, and 610,000 for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004,
respectively, related to these fees.

The CIT Facility contains affirmative and negative covenants and the Company is in compliance
with these covenants. Substantially all of the Company s assets, including its drilling equipment,
are pledged as collateral under the CIT Facility which is also guaranteed by the Company and
certain of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Company, however, retains the option,
subject to a minimum appraisal value, under the CIT Facility to extract 75.0 million of the
equipment out of the collateral pool in connection with the sale or exchange of such collateral or
relocation of equipment outside the contiguous 48 states of the United States of America.

-52- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Among the various covenants that the Company must satisfy under the CIT Facility are the
following two covenants (as defined in the CIT Facility) which apply whenever the Company s
liquidity, defined as the sum of cash, cash equivalents and availability under the CIT Facility,
falls below 35.0 million:

1 to 1 EBITDA coverage of debt service, tested monthly on a trailing 12
month basis; and 

minimum tangible net worth (as defined in the CIT Facility) at the end of
each quarter will be at least the prior year tangible net worth less non-cash
write-downs since the prior year-end and less fixed amounts for each quarter end for
which the test is calculated. 

At December 31, 2006, the Company s liquidity as defined above was 300.2 million.
Additionally, if the total amount outstanding under the CIT Facility (including outstanding letters
of credit) exceeds 50 of the Orderly Liquidation Value of the Company s domestic rigs, the Company
is required to make a prepayment in the amount of the excess. Also, if the average rig utilization
rate falls below 45 for two consecutive months, the lender will have the option to request one
additional appraisal per year to aid in determining the current orderly liquidation value of the
drilling equipment. Average rig utilization is defined as the total number of rigs owned which are
operating under drilling contracts in the 48 contiguous states of the United States of America
divided by the total number of rigs owned, excluding rigs not capable of working without
substantial capital investment. Events of default under the CIT Facility include, in addition to
non-payment of amounts due, misrepresentations and breach of loan covenants and certain other
events including:

default with respect to other indebtedness in excess of 350,000; 

legal judgments in excess of 350,000; or 

a change in control which means that the Company ceases to own 100 of its
two principal subsidiaries, some person or group that has either acquired beneficial
ownership of 30 or more of the Company or obtained the power to elect a majority of
the Company s board of directors, or the Company s board of directors ceases to consist
of a majority of continuing directors (as defined by the CIT Facility). 

The CIT Facility allows the Company to repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends to
its shareholders, and make prepayments on the 3.75 Notes and the Floating Rate Notes. However, all
of the following conditions must be met to enable the Company to make payments for any of the
above-mentioned reasons: (i) payments may not exceed 150.0 million in the aggregate, (ii) no
Default or Event of Default shall exist at the time of any such payments, (iii) at least 35.0
million of Availability (availability under the CIT Facility plus cash on hand) exists immediately
after any such payments, and (iv) the Company must provide CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc. three
Business Days prior written notice of any such payments. Capitalized terms used in the preceding
sentence but not defined herein are defined in the CIT Facility.

The Company currently has no outstanding balance under the CIT Facility and had 29.6 million
of undrawn, standby letters of credit at December 31, 2006. These standby letters of credit are for
the benefit of various insurance companies as collateral for premiums and losses which may become
payable under the terms of the underlying insurance contracts. Outstanding letters of credit reduce
the amount available for borrowing under the CIT Facility.

(5) Capital Stock and Stock Option Plans 

On September 21, 1998, the Company adopted a Shareholder Rights Plan (the Plan in which
rights to purchase shares of Junior Preferred stock will be distributed as a dividend at the rate
of one Right for each share of common stock.

Each Right will entitle holders of the Company s common stock to buy one-one thousandth of a
share of Grey Wolf s Series B Junior Participating Preferred stock at an exercise price of 11. The
Rights will be exercisable only if a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 15 or more
of Grey Wolf s common stock or announces a tender or exchange offer upon consummation of which such
person or group would beneficially own 15 or more of Grey Wolf s common stock. Furthermore, if any
person becomes the beneficial owner of 15 or more of Grey Wolf s common stock, each Right not
owned by such person or related parties will enable its holder to purchase, at

-53- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

the Right s then-current exercise price, shares of common stock of the Company having a value of twice the
Right s exercise price. The Company will generally be entitled to redeem the Rights at .001 per
Right at any time until the 10th day following public announcement that a 15 position has been
acquired.

The 2003 Incentive Plan (the 2003 Plan was approved by shareholders in May 2003. The 2003
Plan authorizes the grant of the following equity-based awards:

incentive stock options; 

non-statutory stock options; 

restricted shares; and 

other stock-based and cash awards. 

The 2003 Plan replaced the Company s 1996 Employee Stock Option Plan (the 1996 Plan ), but
all outstanding options previously granted continue to be exercisable subject to the terms and
conditions of such grants. The 1996 Plan allowed for grants of non-statutory options to purchase
shares of the Company s common stock, but no further grants of common stock will be made under the
1996 Plan. The 2003 Plan reserves a maximum of 17.0 million shares of the Company s common stock
underlying all equity-based awards, but is reduced by the number of shares subject to previous
grants under the 1996 Plan. At December 31, 2006, there were 3.8 million shares of common stock
available for grant under the 2003 Plan until March 2013. Prior to 2003, the Company also granted
options under stock option agreements with its directors that are outside of the 1996 Plan and the
2003 Plan. At December 31, 2006, these individuals had options outstanding to purchase an aggregate
of 700,500 shares of common stock.

The exercise price of stock options approximates the fair market value of the stock at the
time the option is granted. A portion of the outstanding options became exercisable upon issuance
and the remaining become exercisable in varying increments over three to five-year periods. The
options expire on the tenth anniversary of the date of grant.

Shares of restricted stock entitle the holder to one vote per share and are only restricted
due to vesting conditions. Restricted shares vest in varying increments over three to five-year
periods.

(6) Segment Information 

The Company manages its business as one reportable segment. Although the Company provides
contract drilling services in several markets, these operations have been aggregated into one
reportable segment based on the similarity of economic characteristics among all markets including
the nature of the services provided and the type of customers of such services.

(7) Related-Party Transactions 

The Company performed contract drilling services for affiliates of one of the Company s
directors. Total revenues recognized from these affiliates during 2006, 2005 and 2004 were 41.5
million, 18.2 million, and 4.7 million, respectively. These affiliates had accounts receivable
balances with the Company of 10.7 million and 6.3 million at December 31, 2006 and 2005,
respectively.

-54- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(8) Commitments and Contingencies 

Operating Leases 

The Company occupies various facilities and leases certain equipment under various lease
agreements. The minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases, with lease terms
in excess of one year subsequent to December 31, 2006 are as follows:

Year 
 
 Amount 

2007

757,000 

2008

647,000 

2009

594,000 

2010

570,000 

2011

48,000 

2,616,000 

Lease expense under operating leases for 2006, 2005 and 2004 was approximately 846,000,
 931,000, and 774,000, respectively.

New Rig Purchases 

The Company has agreed to purchase four new 1,500 horsepower rigs in 2007 with remaining
payments of 47.0 million.

Contingencies 

The Company is involved in litigation incidental to the conduct of its business, none of which
management believes is, individually or in the aggregate, material to the Company s consolidated
financial condition or results of operations.

(9) Employee Benefit Plan 

The Company has a defined contribution employee benefit plan covering substantially all of its
employees. The Company matches 100 of the first 3 of individual employee contributions and 50 of
the next 3 of individual employee contributions. Employer matching contributions under the plan
totaled 1.7 million, 1.4 million, and 1.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005
and 2004, respectively. Upon reaching the service requirements to join the plan, participants
immediately vest in employer matching contributions.

(10) Concentrations 

There were no customers representing greater than 10 of the Company s revenue for the years
ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

(11) Insurance Recoveries 

The Company maintains insurance coverage to protect against certain hazards inherent in
contract drilling operations. During the first quarter of 2006, the Company experienced a fire on
one of its 2,000 horsepower diesel electric rigs, which was drilling under a daywork contract in
South Louisiana. The fire resulted in a total loss of the rig and one of the Company s top drives
which was being used on this rig. The Company filed a claim with its insurance carriers to recoup
this loss. The net book value of the rig and top drive was 6.9 million at the time of the loss.
The Company recorded a gain of 4.2 million in the second quarter of 2006 resulting from the
insurance proceeds. During the third quarter of 2006, the Company encountered difficulties on a
well being drilled under one of the turnkey contracts. The cost associated with the difficulties is
covered by the Company s insurance subject to a deductible of 1.4 million. The costs incurred
through December 31, 2006 totaled approximately 7.0 million. As

-55- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

a result, the Company recorded a
 5.6 million insurance receivable for costs incurred in excess of the deductible at December 31,
2006.

(12) Asset Sales 

During 2006, the Company sold five of its rigs formerly held for refurbishment and certain of
its spare equipment in separate transactions. The Company received 21.1 million in cash in
exchange for the five rigs and spare equipment, which resulted in a gain of 10.8 million during
the year ended December 31, 2006. The Company also recorded other gains on sales of vehicles and
equipment which are included on the consolidated statements of operations.

(13) Treasury Stock 

On May 25, 2006, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a plan authorizing
the repurchase of up to 100.0 million of Grey Wolf common stock in open market or in privately
negotiated block-trade transactions. The number of shares purchased and the timing of purchases is
based on several factors, including the price of common stock, general market conditions, available
cash and alternate investment opportunities. The stock repurchase program is subject to termination
prior to completion. For the year ended December 31, 2006 the Company repurchased 9.3 million
shares at a total price of 65.1 million. During the first quarter 2007 to February 27, 2007, the
Company repurchased approximately 1.2 million additional shares of common stock at a total cost of
 8.0 million.

(14) Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) 

Summarized quarterly financial data for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 are
set forth below (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts).

Quarter Ended 

March 
 
 June 
 
 September 
 
 December 

2006 
 
 2006 
 
 2006 
 
 2006 

Contract drilling revenues

222,879 

239,590 

242,728 

240,330 

Operating income

87,069 

90,425 

87,041 

81,944 

Income before income taxes

85,916 

90,123 

86,726 

81,586 

Net income

54,249 

57,915 

55,262 

52,525 

Net income per common share

basic

0.28 

0.30 

0.29 

0.28 

diluted

0.24 

0.25 

0.25 

0.24 

Quarter Ended 

March 
 
 June 
 
 September 
 
 December 

2005 
 
 2005 
 
 2005 
 
 2005 

Contract drilling revenues

149,992 

161,315 

181,523 

204,149 

Operating income

38,851 

46,150 

52,541 

63,381 

Income before income taxes

36,684 

44,053 

50,661 

61,734 

Net income

23,044 

27,633 

31,779 

38,181 

Net income per common share

basic

0.12 

0.14 

0.17 

0.20 

diluted

0.10 

0.12 

0.14 

0.17 

-56- 

Table of Contents 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Quarter Ended 

March 
 
 June 
 
 September 
 
 December 

2004 
 
 2004 
 
 2004 
 
 2004 

Contract drilling revenues

75,200 

103,750 

116,290 

129,394 

Operating income (loss)

(3,438) 

1,990 

11,199 

18,485 

Income (loss) before income taxes

(9,438) 

(1,748) 

9,173 

16,267 

Net income (loss)

(6,431) 

(1,482) 

5,462 

10,529 

Net income (loss) per common share

basic

(0.04) 

(0.01) 

0.03 

0.06 

diluted

(0.04) 

(0.01) 

0.03 

0.05 

-57- 

Table of Contents 

Schedule II 

GREY WOLF, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

(In thousands) 

Additions 

Deductions 

Balance at 

Charged to 

From 

Balance at 

Beginning 

Bad Debt 

Bad Debt 

End 

of Period 

Allowance 

Allowance 

of Period 

Year ended December 31, 2004 

Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable

2,443 

(19) 

2,424 

Year Ended December 31, 2005 

Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable

2,424 

250 

2,674 

Year ended December 31, 2006 

Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable

2,674 

495 

3,169 

-58- 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures as of December 31, 2006, under the supervision and with participation of management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Our disclosure controls and
procedures are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the
reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and
procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports
that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicates to the
issuer s management including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these controls and
procedures are effective.

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

This report is included in Item 8 on page 35 of this report and is incorporated herein by
reference.

Changes in Internal Controls 

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.

Item 9B. Other Information 

None.

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by this item as to our directors and executive officers is
hereby incorporated by reference to such information appearing under the captions Directors and
 Executive Officers in our definitive proxy statement for our 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
and is to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission pursuant to the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year on December 31, 2006.

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by this item as to the compensation of our management is hereby
incorporated by reference to such information appearing under the caption Executive Compensation 
in our definitive proxy statement for our 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is to be filed
with the Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 within 120 days of the end of
our fiscal year on December 31, 2006.

-59- 

Table of Contents 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this item as to the ownership by our management and others of
our securities is hereby incorporated by reference to such information appearing under the caption
 Nominees for Director , Ownership by Management and Certain Shareholders and Executive
Compensation Plans in our definitive proxy statement for our 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
and is to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 within 120
days of the end of our fiscal year on December 31, 2006.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director independence 

The information required by this item as to certain business relationships and
transactions with our management and other parties related to us is hereby incorporated by
reference to such information appearing under the caption Certain Transactions in our definitive
proxy statement for our 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is to be filed with the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year on
December 31, 2006.

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required by this item as to accounting fees and services is hereby
incorporated by reference to such information appearing under the caption Registered Public
Accountants in our definitive proxy statement for our 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is
to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 within 120 days of
the end of our fiscal year on December 31, 2006.

-60- 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this report:

1. and 2. Financial Statements and Schedule 

The consolidated financial statements and supplemental schedule of Grey Wolf, Inc. and
Subsidiaries are included in Part II, Item 8 and are listed in the Index to Consolidated
Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule therein.

3. 
 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit 

No. 

Documents 

2.1

Agreement and Plan of Merger between Grey Wolf, Inc. and New
Patriot Drilling Corp. dated March 5, 2004 (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 99 to Grey Wolf s Form 8-K dated March 8,
2004. 

3.1

Articles of Incorporation of Grey Wolf, Inc., as amended
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-Q dated
May 12, 1999). 

3.2

By-Laws of Grey Wolf, Inc., as amended (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K dated March 23, 1999). 

4.1

Rights Agreement dated as of September 21, 1998 by and between the
Company and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company as Rights
Agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K
filed September 22, 1998). 

4.2

Indenture, dated as of May 7, 2003, relating to the 3.75 
Contingent Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 between the Company,
the Guarantors, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, a New York Banking
Corporation, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 No.
333-106997 filed July 14, 2003). 

4.3

Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 22, 2003, relating to the
3.75 Contingent Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 between the
Company, the Guarantors, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, a New York
Banking Corporation, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3
No. 333-106997 filed July 14, 2003). 

4.4

Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2004, relating to the Floating
Rate Contingent Convertible Senior Notes Due 2024 between the
Company, the Guarantors, and J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, a New York
banking corporation, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-Q dated May 5, 2004). 

4.5

Registration Rights Agreement as of March 31, 2004 by and between
Grey Wolf, Inc., the Guarantors, and the Initial Purchasers of the
Floating Rate Contingent Convertible Senior Notes due 2024
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2004). 

4.6

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2004, relating
to the 3.75 Contingent Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 between
the Company, the Guarantors, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, a New York
Banking Corporation, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 4.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 5,
2004). 

10.1

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement dated September 3,
1996, by and between the Company and Thomas P. Richards
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registration
Statement on Form S-3 No. 333-14783 filed October 24, 1996). 

-61- 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 

No. 

Documents 

10.2

DI Industries, Inc. 1996 Employee Stock Option Plan (incorporated
herein by reference to Grey Wolf, Inc. 1996 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders definitive proxy materials filed August 2, 1996). 

10.3

Grey Wolf Inc. Amendment to 1996 Employee Stock Option Plan
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Grey Wolf,
Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-8 No. 333-41334 filed July
13, 2000). 

10.4

Grey Wolf, Inc. Second Amendment to 1996 Employee Stock Option Plan
dated May 14, 2002 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6
to Grey Wolf, Inc. Registration Statement on Form S-8 No. 333-90888
filed June 21, 2002). 

10.5

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement dated February 10,
1998, by and between the Company and David W. Wehlmann
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Grey
Wolf, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 1997, filed March 30, 1998). 

10.6

Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement dated January 16, 1999, by and
between the Company and Edward S. Jacob, III. (incorporated herein
by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Grey Wolf, Inc. Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999, filed March 7,
2000). 

10.7

Form of Amendment to Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreements dated
November 13, 2001, by and between the Company and Thomas P.
Richards (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the
Grey Wolf, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2001, filed March 15, 2002). 

10.8

Form of Amendment to Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement dated
November 13, 2001, by and among the Company (f.k.a. DI Industries,
Inc.), Thomas P. Richards and Richards Brothers Interests, L.P
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Grey
Wolf, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2001, filed March 15, 2002). 

10.9

Form of Amendment to Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreements dated
November 13, 2001, by and between the Company and each of David W.
Wehlmann, Edward S. Jacob III, Gary D. Lee, Ronnie E. McBride, Kent
D. Cauley, and Donald J. Guedry, Jr. (incorporated herein by
reference Exhibit 10.15 to the to Grey Wolf, Inc. Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, filed March 15,
2002). 

10.10

Grey Wolf, Inc. Executive Severance Plan effective November 15,
2001 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Grey
Wolf, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2001, filed March 15, 2002). 

10.11

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated November 13, 2001,
by and between the Company and Thomas P. Richards (incorporated
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Grey Wolf, Inc. Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, filed
March 15, 2002). 

10.12

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated November 13, 2001,
by and between the Company and David W. Wehlmann (incorporated
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Grey Wolf, Inc. Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, filed
March 15, 2002). 

10.13

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated November 13, 2001, by and between the Company and Edward S. Jacob III (incorporated
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Grey Wolf, Inc. Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, filed
March 15, 2002). 

10.14

Employment Agreement effective December 28, 2005 by and between
Robert J. Proffit (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the
Grey Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 28,
2005). 

-62- 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 

No. 

Documents 

10.15

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement dated as of February
13, 2002, by and between the Company and each of Frank M. Brown,
William T. Donovan, James K.B. Nelson, Robert E. Rose, Steven A.
Webster, and William R. Ziegler (incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 10.22 of the Grey Wolf, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2001, filed March 15, 2002). 

10.16

Grey Wolf, Inc. 2003 Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by
reference to Appendix A to the Grey Wolf, Inc. 2003 Annual Meeting
of Shareholders definitive proxy materials filed March 28, 2003). 

10.17

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Grey Wolf,
Inc. 2003 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to the Grey Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed February
22, 2005). 

10.18

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.2 to the Grey Wolf, Inc. current Report on Form 8-K
filed February 22, 2005). 

10.19

Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2003 Incentive Plan for
Thomas P. Richards (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
Grey Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 21,
2006.) 

10.20

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2003 Incentive Plan
for Thomas P. Richards (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
to Grey Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 21,
2006.) 

10.21

Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2003 Incentive Plan for
the other executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.3 to Grey Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed February
21, 2006.) 

10.22

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2003 Incentive Plan
for other executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.4 to Grey Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed February
21, 2006). 

10.23

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Thomas P. Richards under the
Retention Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Grey
Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 21, 2006). 

10.24

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for other executive officers
under the Retention Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6
to Grey Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 21,
2006). 

10.25

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for non-employee directors
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Grey Wolf, Inc.
Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 21, 2006). 

10.26

Anticipated compensation of officers and directors for 2007
(incorporated by reference to Grey Wolf, Inc. Current Report on
Form 8-K filed February 16, 2007). 

10.27

Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of January 14, 1999 among Grey
Wolf Drilling Company LP (as borrower), Grey Wolf, Inc. (as
guarantor), The CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc. (as agent) and
various financial institutions (as lenders) (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Grey Wolf, Inc. current report on Form
8-K dated January 26, 1999). 

10.28

First Amendment to Loan Agreement dated as of December 20, 2001, by
and among Grey Wolf Drilling Company, LP (as borrower) and Grey
Wolf, Inc. (as guarantor) and the CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc.
(as agent) and various financial institutions (as lenders)
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Grey Wolf,
Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2001, filed March 14, 2002). 

10.29

Second Amendment to Loan Agreement dated as of February 7, 2003 by
and among Grey Wolf Drilling Company L.P. (as borrower), Grey Wolf,
Inc. and various subsidiaries (as guarantors) and the CIT
Group/Business Credit, Inc. and various financial institutions (as
lenders) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the
Grey Wolf, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2002, filed March 16, 2003). 

-63- 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 

No. 

Documents 

10.30

Third Amendment to Loan Agreement as of May 1, 2003, by and among
Grey Wolf Drilling Company, L.P. (as borrower), Grey Wolf, Inc. and
various subsidiaries (as guarantors) and the CIT Group/Business
Credit, Inc. and various financial institutions (as lenders)
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2004). 

10.31

Fourth Amendment to Loan Agreement as of March 31, 2004, by and
among Grey Wolf Drilling Company L.P. (as borrower), Grey Wolf,
Inc. and various subsidiaries (as guarantors) and the CIT
Group/Business Credit, Inc. and various financial institutions (as
lenders) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2004). 

10.32

Fifth Amendment to the Loan Agreement dated December 31, 2004 by
and among Grey Wolf Drilling Company, L.P. (as borrower,) Grey
Wolf, Inc and various subsidiaries (as guarantor) and the CIT
Business Credit, Inc. (as agent) and various financial institutions
(as lenders) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Grey
Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 5, 2005). 

10.33

Sixth Amendment to the Loan Agreement dated September 13, 2005 by
and between Grey Wolf Drilling Company, L.P. (as borrower,) Grey
Wolf Inc. and various subsidiaries (as guarantor) and the CIT Business Credit, inc. (as agent) and various financial institutions
(as lenders) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Grey
Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 14, 2005). 

21.1

List of Subsidiaries of Grey Wolf, Inc. 

23.1

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, KPMG LLP 

31.1

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 

31.2

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 

32.1

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of Thomas
P. Richards, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and
David W. Wehlmann, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer. 

Management contract, compensation plan or arrangement 

Filed herewith 

Furnished, not filed, pursuant to Item 101(b) (32) of Regulation S-K. 

-64- 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, this 27 th day of February, 2007.

Grey Wolf, Inc. 

By:

/s/ David W. Wehlmann 

David W. Wehlmann, Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been
signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated.

Signatures and Capacities 
 
 Date 

By:

/s/ Thomas P. Richards

February 27, 2007 

Thomas P. Richards, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)

By:

/s/ David W. Wehlmann

February 27, 2007 

David W. Wehlmann, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

By:

/s/ Kent D. Cauley

February 27, 2007 

Kent D. Cauley, Vice President and Controller

By:

/s/ William R. Ziegler

February 27, 2007 

William R. Ziegler, Director

By:

/s/ Frank M. Brown

February 27, 2007 

Frank M. Brown, Director

By:

/s/ William T. Donovan

February 27, 2007 

William T. Donovan, Director

By:

/s/ Robert E. Rose

February 27, 2007 

Robert E. Rose, Director

By:

/s/ Trevor M. Turbidy

February 27, 2007 

Trevor M. Turbidy, Director

By:

/s/ Steven A. Webster

February 27, 2007 

Steven A. Webster, Director

-65- 

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS

2.1

Agreement and Plan of Merger between Grey Wolf, Inc. and New
Patriot Drilling Corp. dated March 5, 2004 (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 99 to Grey Wolf s Form 8-K dated March 8,
2004. 

3.1

Articles of Incorporation of Grey Wolf, Inc., as amended
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-Q dated
May 12, 1999). 

3.2

By-Laws of Grey Wolf, Inc., as amended (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K dated March 23, 1999). 

4.1

Rights Agreement dated as of September 21, 1998 by and between the
Company and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company as Rights
Agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K
filed September 22, 1998). 

4.2

Indenture, dated as of May 7, 2003, relating to the 3.75 
Contingent Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 between the Company,
the Guarantors, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, a New York Banking
Corporation, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 No.
333-106997 filed July 14, 2003). 

4.3

Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 22, 2003, relating to the
3.75 Contingent Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 between the
Company, the Guarantors, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, a New York
Banking Corporation, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3
No. 333-106997 filed July 14, 2003). 

4.4

Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2004, relating to the Floating
Rate Contingent Convertible Senior Notes Due 2024 between the
Company, the Guarantors, and J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, a New York
banking corporation, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-Q dated May 5, 2004). 

4.5

Registration Rights Agreement as of March 31, 2004 by and between
Grey Wolf, Inc., the Guarantors, and the Initial Purchasers of the
Floating Rate Contingent Convertible Senior Notes due 2024
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2004). 

4.6

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2004, relating
to the 3.75 Contingent Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 between
the Company, the Guarantors, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, a New York
Banking Corporation, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 4.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 5,
2004). 

10.1

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement dated September 3,
1996, by and between the Company and Thomas P. Richards
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registration
Statement on Form S-3 No. 333-14783 filed October 24, 1996). 

Table of Contents 

10.2

DI Industries, Inc. 1996 Employee Stock Option Plan (incorporated
herein by reference to Grey Wolf, Inc. 1996 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders definitive proxy materials filed August 2, 1996). 

10.3

Grey Wolf Inc. Amendment to 1996 Employee Stock Option Plan
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Grey Wolf,
Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-8 No. 333-41334 filed July
13, 2000). 

10.4

Grey Wolf, Inc. Second Amendment to 1996 Employee Stock Option Plan
dated May 14, 2002 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6
to Grey Wolf, Inc. Registration Statement on Form S-8 No. 333-90888
filed June 21, 2002). 

10.5

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement dated February 10,
1998, by and between the Company and David W. Wehlmann
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Grey
Wolf, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 1997, filed March 30, 1998). 

10.6

Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement dated January 16, 1999, by and
between the Company and Edward S. Jacob, III. (incorporated herein
by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Grey Wolf, Inc. Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999, filed March 7,
2000). 

10.7

Form of Amendment to Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreements dated
November 13, 2001, by and between the Company and Thomas P.
Richards (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the
Grey Wolf, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2001, filed March 15, 2002). 

10.8

Form of Amendment to Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement dated
November 13, 2001, by and among the Company (f.k.a. DI Industries,
Inc.), Thomas P. Richards and Richards Brothers Interests, L.P
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Grey
Wolf, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2001, filed March 15, 2002). 

10.9

Form of Amendment to Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreements dated
November 13, 2001, by and between the Company and each of David W.
Wehlmann, Edward S. Jacob III, Gary D. Lee, Ronnie E. McBride, Kent
D. Cauley, and Donald J. Guedry, Jr. (incorporated herein by
reference Exhibit 10.15 to the to Grey Wolf, Inc. Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, filed March 15,
2002). 

10.10

Grey Wolf, Inc. Executive Severance Plan effective November 15,
2001 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Grey
Wolf, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2001, filed March 15, 2002). 

10.11

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated November 13, 2001,
by and between the Company and Thomas P. Richards (incorporated
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Grey Wolf, Inc. Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, filed
March 15, 2002). 

10.12

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated November 13, 2001,
by and between the Company and David W. Wehlmann (incorporated
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Grey Wolf, Inc. Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, filed
March 15, 2002). 

10.13

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated November 13, 2001, by and between the Company and Edward S. Jacob III (incorporated
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Grey Wolf, Inc. Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, filed
March 15, 2002). 

10.14

Employment Agreement effective December 28, 2005 by and between
Robert J. Proffit (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the
Grey Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 28,
2005). 

Table of Contents 

10.15

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement dated as of February
13, 2002, by and between the Company and each of Frank M. Brown,
William T. Donovan, James K.B. Nelson, Robert E. Rose, Steven A.
Webster, and William R. Ziegler (incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 10.22 of the Grey Wolf, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2001, filed March 15, 2002). 

10.16

Grey Wolf, Inc. 2003 Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by
reference to Appendix A to the Grey Wolf, Inc. 2003 Annual Meeting
of Shareholders definitive proxy materials filed March 28, 2003). 

10.17

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Grey Wolf,
Inc. 2003 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to the Grey Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed February
22, 2005). 

10.18

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.2 to the Grey Wolf, Inc. current Report on Form 8-K
filed February 22, 2005). 

10.19

Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2003 Incentive Plan for
Thomas P. Richards (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
Grey Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 21,
2006.) 

10.20

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2003 Incentive Plan
for Thomas P. Richards (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
to Grey Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 21,
2006.) 

10.21

Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2003 Incentive Plan for
the other executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.3 to Grey Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed February
21, 2006.) 

10.22

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2003 Incentive Plan
for other executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.4 to Grey Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed February
21, 2006). 

10.23

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Thomas P. Richards under the
Retention Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Grey
Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 21, 2006). 

10.24

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for other executive officers
under the Retention Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6
to Grey Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 21,
2006). 

10.25

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for non-employee directors
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Grey Wolf, Inc.
Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 21, 2006). 

10.26

Anticipated compensation of officers and directors for 2007
(incorporated by reference to Grey Wolf, Inc. Current Report on
Form 8-K filed February 16, 2007). 

10.27

Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of January 14, 1999 among Grey
Wolf Drilling Company LP (as borrower), Grey Wolf, Inc. (as
guarantor), The CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc. (as agent) and
various financial institutions (as lenders) (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Grey Wolf, Inc. current report on Form
8-K dated January 26, 1999). 

10.28

First Amendment to Loan Agreement dated as of December 20, 2001, by
and among Grey Wolf Drilling Company, LP (as borrower) and Grey
Wolf, Inc. (as guarantor) and the CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc.
(as agent) and various financial institutions (as lenders)
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Grey Wolf,
Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2001, filed March 14, 2002). 

10.29

Second Amendment to Loan Agreement dated as of February 7, 2003 by
and among Grey Wolf Drilling Company L.P. (as borrower), Grey Wolf,
Inc. and various subsidiaries (as guarantors) and the CIT
Group/Business Credit, Inc. and various financial institutions (as
lenders) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the
Grey Wolf, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2002, filed March 16, 2003). 

Table of Contents 

10.30

Third Amendment to Loan Agreement as of May 1, 2003, by and among
Grey Wolf Drilling Company, L.P. (as borrower), Grey Wolf, Inc. and
various subsidiaries (as guarantors) and the CIT Group/Business
Credit, Inc. and various financial institutions (as lenders)
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2004). 

10.31

Fourth Amendment to Loan Agreement as of March 31, 2004, by and
among Grey Wolf Drilling Company L.P. (as borrower), Grey Wolf,
Inc. and various subsidiaries (as guarantors) and the CIT
Group/Business Credit, Inc. and various financial institutions (as
lenders) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2004). 

10.32

Fifth Amendment to the Loan Agreement dated December 31, 2004 by
and among Grey Wolf Drilling Company, L.P. (as borrower,) Grey
Wolf, Inc and various subsidiaries (as guarantor) and the CIT
Business Credit, Inc. (as agent) and various financial institutions
(as lenders) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Grey
Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 5, 2005). 

10.33

Sixth Amendment to the Loan Agreement dated September 13, 2005 by
and between Grey Wolf Drilling Company, L.P. (as borrower,) Grey
Wolf Inc. and various subsidiaries (as guarantor) and the CIT Business Credit, inc. (as agent) and various financial institutions
(as lenders) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Grey
Wolf, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 14, 2005). 

21.1

List of Subsidiaries of Grey Wolf, Inc. 

23.1

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, KPMG LLP 

31.1

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 

31.2

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 

32.1

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of Thomas
P. Richards, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and
David W. Wehlmann, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer. 

Management contract, compensation plan or arrangement 

Filed herewith 

Furnished, not filed, pursuant to Item 101(b) (32) of Regulation S-K. 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 h44041exv23w1.htm
 CONSENT OF KPMG LLP

exv23w1 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors 
Grey Wolf, Inc.:

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (Nos. 333-6077,
333-14783, 333-20423, 333-36593, 333-39683, 333-86949, 333-40874, 333-106997, 333-113447,
333-114357, and 333-116905) on Forms S-3 and S-3/A and (Nos. 333-65049, 333-19027, 333-41334,
33-34590, 33-75338, 333-90888, and 333-120655) on Forms S-8 of Grey Wolf, Inc. of our reports dated
February 27, 2007, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Grey Wolf, Inc. as of
December 31, 2006 and 2005, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders 
equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period
ended December 31, 2006, and related financial statement schedule, management s assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006, and the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006, which reports
appear in the December 31, 2006, annual report on Form 10-K of Grey Wolf, Inc.

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, effective January 1, 2006, the
Company changed its method of accounting for share-based payments.

KPMG LLP

Houston, Texas 
February 27, 2007

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 h44041exv31w1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)

exv31w1 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Thomas P. Richards, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Grey Wolf, Inc; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2006
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

(b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: February 27, 2007 
 By: 
 /s/ Thomas P. Richards

Thomas P. Richards 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 h44041exv31w2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)

exv31w2 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, David W. Wehlmann, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Grey Wolf, Inc; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2006
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

(b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: February 27, 2007 
 By: 
 /s/ David W. Wehlmann

David W. Wehlmann 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 h44041exv32w1.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350

exv32w1 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURUSANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Grey Wolf, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 (the Report ), as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof, Thomas P. Richards, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
of the Company and David W. Wehlmann, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Thomas P. Richards

Thomas P. Richards

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

/s/ David W. Wehlmann

David W. Wehlmann

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Date: February 27, 2007

</EX-32.1>

