<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20070326_10-K_edgar_data_1360886_0001104659-07-022256.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1765408</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>311537</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>15409</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1320965</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-07-022256.hdr.sgml : 20070326
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20070326140631
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-07-022256
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20061231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20070326
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20070326

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OSIRIS THERAPEUTICS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001360886
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				710881115
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32966
		FILM NUMBER:		07717554

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2001 ALICEANNA STREET
		CITY:			BALTIMORE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21231-3043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		410-522-5005

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2001 ALICEANNA STREET
		CITY:			BALTIMORE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21231-3043

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 E9EL5aJ4KZXhjGxJMpHhoHavD3tJ3O/WAdFeFN6+dXiTVpkePE7lIkl3z4eNyU0K
 7E+ADoAATPfqRpJYh58mew==

 0001104659-07-022256.txt : 20070326

10-K
 1
 a07-8838_110k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

 Form 10-K 

 x ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934: 

 For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 

 o TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934: 

 For
the transition period from 
to 

 Commission file number 001-32966 

 Osiris Therapeutics, Inc. 

 (Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 

71-0881115 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S.
 employer identification no.) 

2001 Aliceanna Street,
 Baltimore, Maryland 21231-3043 

410-522-5005 

(Address
 of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Name of Each Exchange on with Registered 

Common Stock, 0.001 par value 

NASDAQ Global Market 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o No x 

 Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of
the Act. Yes o No x 

 Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. Yes x No o 

 Indicate by check mark if
disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of
Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. x 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of accelerated
filer and large accelerated filer in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
(Check one): 

Large accelerated filer o 

Accelerated
 filer o 

Non-accelerated
 filer x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No x 

 On June 30, 2006, the
last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal
quarter, the registrant s common equity was not publicly traded. Our Common
Stock began trading on the NASDAQ Global Market on August 4, 2006. The
aggregate market value of voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates of
registrant, based upon the last sale price of the Common Stock reported on the
NASDAQ Global Market as of the last business day of the registrant s most
recently completed third fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2006 was
approximately 156,124,000. 

 The number of shares of
registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of March 9, 2007 is 27,429,341 . 

 DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 Portions of our definitive
Proxy Statement for our 2007 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of our
2006 fiscal year are incorporated by reference into Part III of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

OSIRIS
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 INDEX 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 

BUSINESS 

3 

Item 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

28 

Item 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

46 

Item 2. 

PROPERTIES 

46 

Item 3. 

LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

46 

Item 4. 

SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

46 

PART II 

Item 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
 STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

46 

Item
 6. 

SELECTED
 FINANCIAL DATA 

50 

Item 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
 CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

51 

Item 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
 RISK 

60 

Item 8 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

61 

Item 9 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
 ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

86 

Item 9A 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

86 

Item
 9B 

OTHER
 INFORMATION 

86 

PART III 

Item 10 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE 
 GOVERNANCE 

87 

Item 11 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

87 

Item 12 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
 MANAGEMENT 

87 

Item 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND
 DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

87 

Item 14 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

87 

PART IV 

Item 15 

EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

88 

SIGNATURES 

91 

Exhibit Index 

2 

PART I 

 Item 1. BUSINESS 

 Forward-Looking
Information 

 This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
or the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning
our plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events, future revenues or
performance, capital expenditures, compensation arrangements, financing needs,
plans or intentions relating to acquisitions, business trends and other
information that is not historical information and, in particular, may appear
under the headings Risk Factors in this Part I Item 1A, Part II Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations and the other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, or SEC, including, among others, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
and amendments thereto. When used in this Annual Report, the words estimates, expects, anticipates, projects, plans,
intends, believes, forecasts and variations of such words or similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Examples of
forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
regarding the following: our product development efforts; our clinical trials
and anticipated regulatory requirements; the success of our product candidates
in development; status of the regulatory process for our biologic drug
candidates; implementation of our corporate strategy; our financial
performance; our product research and development activities and projected
expenditures, including our anticipated timeline and clinical strategy for MSCs
and biologic drug candidates; our cash needs; patents and proprietary rights;
ability of our potential products to treat disease; our plans for sales and
marketing; our plans regarding facilities; types of regulatory frameworks we
expect will be applicable to our potential products; and results of our
scientific research. All forward-looking statements, including, without limitation,
management s examination of historical operating trends, are based upon our
current expectations and various assumptions. Our expectations, beliefs and
projections are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable
basis for them. However, there can be no assurance that management s
expectations, beliefs and projections will result or be achieved. 

 There
are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual
Report. Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ
materially from the forward-looking statements we make in this Annual Report
are set forth in this report, including Risk Factors. There may be other factors that may cause our
actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. 

 All
forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf
apply only as of the date of this Annual Report and are expressly qualified in
their entirety by the cautionary statements included herein. We undertake no
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to
reflect subsequent events or circumstances and do not intend to do so. 

 When we use the terms Osiris, we, us, and our we mean Osiris Therapeutics, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation. 

 Company Overview 

 We
are a leading stem cell therapeutic company headquartered in Baltimore,
Maryland and focused on developing and marketing products to treat medical
conditions in the inflammatory, orthopedic and cardiovascular areas. We were
incorporated in Delaware in April 2002. Our predecessor company was
organized in 1992. We currently market and sell Osteocel for regenerating bone
in orthopedic indications. It is the only commercially available product in the
U.S. containing viable stem cells. Our lead biologic drug candidate, Prochymal,
for the treatment of inflammatory disease, is the only stem cell therapeutic
for which patients are being enrolled in Phase III clinical trials and is the
only stem cell therapeutic currently designated by the FDA as both an Orphan
Drug and Fast Track product candidate. Our pipeline of internally developed
biologic drug candidates also includes Chondrogen, for regenerating cartilage
in the 

3 

knee, and Provacel, for repairing heart tissue
following a heart attack. We are a fully integrated company, having developed
stem cell capabilities in research and development, manufacturing, marketing
and distribution. We have developed an extensive intellectual property
portfolio to protect our technology in the United States and a number of
foreign countries including 47 U.S. and 167 foreign patents owned or licensed. 

 Osteocel and our three biologic drug candidates
utilize human mesenchymal stem cells, or MSCs. MSCs are progenitor cells that
differentiate into various connective tissues when they receive appropriate
biochemical and biomechanical signals. In addition, MSCs have anti-inflammatory
properties and can prevent fibrosis or scarring. These characteristics give
MSCs the potential to treat a wide variety of medical conditions. We believe
that our biologic drug candidates have advantages over other stem cell
therapeutics in development for the following reasons: 

 Stem Cell Source. Our stem cells are obtained from adult bone
marrow, a readily available source. The cells are drawn from the hips of
volunteer donors between the ages of 18 and 30 years, using a simple
needle and syringe aspiration. Because the cells are obtained from consenting
adult donors, we are able to largely avoid the ethical controversy surrounding
embryonic and fetal stem cell research. 

 Ability to Mass Produce. Through our proprietary manufacturing
methods, we can grow MSCs in a controlled fashion to produce up to 5,000
treatments of our biologic drug candidates from a single bone marrow donation.
Our ability to produce a large quantity of treatments from one donation
provides us with manufacturing efficiencies and product consistency that are
essential to commercialization. 

 Universal Compatibility. Many stem cell therapies under
development can elicit a rejection response in the recipient and therefore
require donor-to-recipient matching or potentially harmful immunosuppression.
This greatly reduces manufacturing efficiencies and creates a risk of mismatch
which can result in an acute inflammatory response and, potentially, in death.
Based on our clinical experience, we believe that our biologic drug candidates
are not rejected by the patient s immune system and so, like type O negative
blood, do not require matching. This universal compatibility allows us to
produce a standardized product available to all patients in almost any medical
setting. 

 Treatment on Demand. Our biologic drug candidates can be
stored frozen at end-user medical facilities until they are needed. We
anticipate that medical facilities will be able to prescribe and dispense this
product in much the same way as conventional drugs. In contrast, other stem
cell technologies under development require weeks to prepare after a patient s
need is identified. This is a key feature of our technology, as many patients
in the critical care setting require prompt treatment. 

 The following table
summarizes key information about Osteocel and our biologic drug candidates. 

Product/Candidate 

Indication 

U.S. Commercialization Rights 

Status 

Osteocel 

Spinal Procedures 

Osiris and Blackstone 

Marketing 

Orthopedics 

Osiris, AlloSource 
 and Blackstone 

Marketing 

Prochymal 

Steroid Refractory GvHD 

Osiris 

Phase III 

Acute GvHD 

Osiris 

Phase II 

Crohn s Disease 

Osiris 

Phase III 

Chondrogen 

Meniscus Regeneration 

Osiris 

Phase I/II 

Cartilage Protection 

Provacel 

Heart Attack 

Boston Scientific 

Phase I 

4 

Osteocel
 consists of a matrix of cancellous bone containing
mesenchymal stem cells and is used in spinal fusion and other orthopedic
surgical procedures. Cancellous bone is the porous and spongy inner structure
accounting for approximately 20 of total bone mass. Osteocel is the only
commercially available product containing viable stem cells in the United
States. We launched Osteocel in July 2005 and to date it has been used in
over 5,000 surgical procedures. We produce Osteocel from the marrow-rich bone
of organ and tissue donors, and we believe that it is properly characterized,
and regulated by the FDA, as a human cell, tissue, and cellular and
tissue-based product, or HCT/P, under section 361 of the Public Health
Service Act. Unlike our biologic drug candidates, our ability to supply
Osteocel is limited by the amount of marrow-rich bone that we are able to
obtain from organ and tissue donors. Osteocel is currently distributed non-exclusively
by us and by Blackstone Medical (recently acquired by Orthofix) for orthopedic
indications, and jointly by us and 
Blackstone Medical for spinal procedures. In December 2006, we
entered into a multi-year agreement with AlloSource, Inc., a non-profit
tissue procurement organization for the supply by AlloSource to us of tissue for use in the manufacture of
Osteocel. Under the terms of the agreement, AlloSource commits to provide bone
matrix to us for use in the production of Osteocel, and to ensure that the
technology is made available to the communities from which it is sourced, the
agreement enables AlloSource also to act as a non-exclusive distributor of
Osteocel in AlloSource s local donor communities. 

 Prochymal
 is our biologic drug candidate for the treatment of
inflammatory disease. We are currently enrolling patients in a pivotal Phase
III trial for the treatment of steroid refractory Graft versus Host Disease, or
GvHD. GvHD is a life threatening immune system reaction that commonly affects
the skin, gastrointestinal tract, and liver in patients who have received a
bone marrow transplant. Although in the U.S. there are no drugs approved for
treating GvHD, the disease is commonly treated off-label with steroids. GvHD
that does not respond to this treatment is known as steroid refractory GvHD. A
large majority of steroid refractory GvHD patients die within six months. In
our Phase II trial for treatment refractory GvHD, we enrolled patients that did
not respond to treatment with steroids and at least one other therapy. Of these
patients, 59 responded to Prochymal. We have also completed a Phase II trial
evaluating Prochymal as an add-on therapy to steroids for the first-line
treatment of acute GvHD. The study found that patients were twice as likely to
have total clinical resolution of their disease when Prochymal was added to
steroid therapy, compared to reported results for steroid only treatment.
Twenty-nine of 31 patients, or 94 responded after receiving two infusions of
Prochymal, with 23 patients, or 74 achieving a complete response, meaning the
patients had experienced total clinical resolution of the disease. Six
patients, or 19 had a partial response and 2 patients, or 6 did not respond.
Furthermore, patients experiencing this complete response had a survival rate
of 91 at Day 120. 

 Our Phase III trial 
to evaluate Prochymal as a treatment for steroid refractory GvHD is a
randomized, double blind, placebo controlled study designed to enroll up to 240
patients. The trial will investigate patient response to 2.0 million cells
per kilogram of body weight administered twice per week for four consecutive
weeks. The primary trial endpoint is complete resolution of GvHD for at least a
28 day duration. Each patient will also be monitored for safety for up to
180 days after their first treatment with Prochymal. Six-month survival is
a key secondary endpoint 

 Based on our clinical observations of the effects of
Prochymal on the gastrointestinal symptoms of patients with GvHD, we are
developing Prochymal for the treatment of Crohn s Disease. Crohn s Disease is a
chronic condition that results in inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract.
We have completed Crohn s disease patient enrollment in a Phase II trial under
a separate Investigational New Drug application, and have clearance by the FDA
to conduct a Phase III trial in biologic drug refractory Crohn s patients. We
received Fast Track designation from the FDA, for the development of Prochymal
for moderate to severe Crohn s Disease patients that are treatment refractory
to standard therapies, including biologics. 

 Chondrogen
 is our biologic drug candidate for regeneration of
meniscus, a type of cartilage that cushions the knee joint. According to a 2005
article in the American Journal of Sports
Medicine , 

5 

approximately
1.0 million people have surgery to remove damaged or torn meniscus in the
United States each year. As noted in a 1999 article in the journal Sports Medicine , patients who have had
this procedure are ten to 15 times more likely to develop osteoarthritis, a
highly debilitating orthopedic condition. There are currently no FDA approved
products available to regenerate meniscal tissue. In several preclinical
studies, Chondrogen regenerated meniscal tissue and prevented osteoarthritis in
animal models. We recently completed enrollment in a Phase I/II clinical trial
for Chondrogen to evaluate its safety and efficacy in patients following
surgery to remove torn meniscus. A total
of 55 patients were treated in the Phase I/II, double-blind study evaluating
the safety and exploratory effectiveness of Chondrogen, a preparation of adult
stem cells formulated for direct injection into the knee. At the six month time
point, Chondrogen met its primary endpoint, demonstrating product safety. The
trial did not demonstrate that Chondrogen resulted in a statistically
significant increase in the volume of meniscus as compared to placebo; however,
an improvement in baseline cartilage and joint condition was noted in patients
treated with the stem cell drug that was not seen in patients that received
placebo. 

 Provacel
 is our biologic drug candidate for the repair of heart
muscle in patients who have suffered a heart attack. Based on statistics
published in 2005 by the American Stroke Association and the American Heart Association,
approximately 700,000 individuals in the United States each year experience
their first heart attack. According to these same statistics, approximately 20 
of these patients suffer extensive damage to their heart muscle leading to
heart failure within six years. In preclinical studies in animal models,
Provacel targeted the damaged area of the heart following a single treatment.
These studies also indicate that Provacel prevents scar formation that
typically occurs after a heart attack and improves cardiac function eight to
ten weeks after its administration. 

 We recently completed enrollment in a Phase I clinical
trial for Provacel to evaluate its safety and efficacy to restore heart
function in patients experiencing a first time heart attack. In March 2007, we
reported six-month results in this trial. 
In a 53-patient, double-blind, placebo-controlled study evaluating the
safety and preliminary efficacy of the intravenous administration of Provacel,
heart attack patients receiving the therapy had significantly lower rates of
adverse events, such as cardiac arrhythmias, as well as significant
improvements in heart, lung and global function. Administration of Provacel was
found to be well tolerated at all dose levels. 
Patients in the Provacel group
were four times less likely to experience an arrhythmic event compared to those
receiving placebo (9 vs. 37 , p=0.025). 
Fewer patients experienced clinically significant premature ventricular
contractions after receiving Provacel as compared to placebo at the one month
(6 vs. 32 , p 

 We expended approximately
 37.6 million in fiscal 2006, 16.9 million in fiscal 2005, and 11.9 million
in fiscal 2004, on research and development. For more detailed financial
information, including information regarding our revenues, profit and loss, and
total assets and research and development costs and expenses for the past three
fiscal years, see our Financial Statements included in Item 8 to this Annual
Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2006. 

 Scientific
Background 

 Stem cells are a special class of cells that can
self-replicate and differentiate into multiple tissue types. Different
populations of stem cells, also called progenitor or precursor cells, reside
within the body. These cells are generally classified according to their
differentiation potential, or ability to become distinct cell 

6 

types. Embryonic stem
cells are recognized as being totipotent, or unlimited, in terms of the number
of different cell types they can become. Other stem cells are either
multipotent, meaning capable of becoming two or more cell types, or unipotent,
meaning preprogrammed for a single final cell type. Multipotent stem cells
include the hematopoietic stem cells responsible for generating cells
associated with the circulatory and immune systems, mesenchymal stem cells
responsible for the formation of connective tissue cells, and neuronal stem
cells dedicated to producing the different nervous system cell types. Stem
cells participate in embryological and fetal development and orchestrate tissue
repair following disease or injury in the adult. Though the precise mechanism
of their activity has not yet been determined, experimental work has provided
empirical evidence of the therapeutic benefit of various types of stem cells
administered to animal and human subjects. 

 The embryonic stem cell, or ESC, has the greatest
differentiation potential and is capable of developing into all cell types
found within the human body. ESCs must be harvested from human embryos, giving
rise to ethical controversies surrounding the procurement of ESCs, which have
hindered progress in ESC research. The United States government has
significantly restricted the funding of ESC research. Also, technical
difficulties in purifying and growing ESCs have prevented widespread
experimental work capable of withstanding academic or regulatory scrutiny. 

 In the adult, two major classes of stem cells exist in
bone marrow, hematopoietic stem cells and mesenchymal stem cells. Throughout
life, hematopoietic stem cells, or HSCs, located within the bone marrow give
rise to most types of blood cells. HSC transplantation has served as the basis
for a number of aggressive treatments for various types of cancer. However,
therapies based on HSCs are largely limited to hematological disorders because
HSCs can only differentiate into blood cells. 

 In contrast to
HSCs, mesenchymal stem cells, or MSCs, are progenitor cells that differentiate
into various connective tissues, such as bone, muscle, fat, tendon, ligament,
cartilage and bone marrow stroma when they receive appropriate biochemical and
biomechanical signals. Other biochemical stimuli cause MSCs to mobilize to
areas of injury or inflammatory disease. Once there, MSCs coordinate tissue
regeneration at a local level by producing tissue growth factors and by
interacting with local cells to reduce inflammation and scarring. Importantly,
MSCs do not express markers on the surface of cells, known as HLA class II
antigens, which are responsible for recognition of the cells by the immune
system. Also, the cell surface markers, CD40, CD80 and CD86, which are essential
for activation of immune cells, are not present on MSCs. These characteristics
allow MSCs to: 

 be
transplanted into an unrelated patient without giving rise to an immune
response; 

 regenerate
connective tissues like bone and cartilage; 

 act
as a potent anti-inflammatory agent; and 

 exhibit
anti-fibrotic activity to limit tissue damage. 

 MSCs and HSCs are most readily isolated from bone
marrow. Because MSCs represent a small fraction of bone marrow cells, they
require amplification to be clinically useful. We have developed and optimized
a proprietary process for isolating and expanding these cells using
standardized cell culture methodologies. We can grow MSCs in a controlled
fashion to produce up to 5,000 treatments of our biologic drug candidates from
a single bone marrow donation. 

 Stem cells can be derived
from either the patient, referred to as an autologous source, or from a donor,
referred to as an allogeneic source. For many cell therapies, allogeneic
sourcing is not possible due to the immune response that typically occurs
following the injection of unrelated cells. The non-immunogenic nature of MSCs
permits allogeneic cell sourcing and carries significant advantages over
autologous sourcing. Allogeneic cell sourcing from a healthy donor population
allows for specific quality control measures to select therapeutically optimal
stem cells. For example, if a patient s cells are of poor 

7 

quality
due to advanced age, disease or metabolic state, the product to be re-infused
will likely be of similar poor quality. We believe that allogeneic sources used
in large scale production will enable us to utilize quality control practices
to ensure that product potency is reproducible from treatment to treatment. We
have developed and continue to develop quality standards for our biologic drug
candidates, including potency assays directed to the specific indications for
use. To our knowledge, no patients participating in our clinical trials or who
have used Osteocel to date have experienced an immunogenic response. 

 Strategy 

 We are striving to be the first company to receive FDA
marketing approval and to commercialize a stem cell drug therapy. 

 Successfully
commercialize our lead stem cell therapy, Prochymal. We are currently enrolling patients
in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial for Prochymal. Assuming marketing
approval, we plan to develop a sales and marketing force to promote Prochymal
initially for the treatment of steroid refractory GvHD. Based on the small
number of bone marrow transplantation hospitals in the United States and the
lack of effective treatments for this population, we believe we can
successfully market Prochymal with a specialized sales force. 

 Leverage
Osteocel s orthopedic sales infrastructure for our biologic drug candidate
Chondrogen. In
the field of orthopedics, we intend to expand our network of sales
professionals for the distribution of Osteocel. We plan to use our commercial
experience with Osteocel to build a specialized sales organization trained and
experienced in stem cell orthopedic sales. Given the overlap of potential
customers for Osteocel and Chondrogen, we believe our relationships with
orthopedic surgeons established through sales of Osteocel will help drive
commercial adoption of Chondrogen and other orthopedic biologic drug
candidates. 

 Expand
our pipeline of biologic drug candidates where our stem cell technology has a
therapeutic potential. We
intend to continue investing in our biologic drug candidate pipeline by
pursuing additional diseases and disorders where we believe MSCs have potential
therapeutic benefit. 

 Exploit
our MSC technology, manufacturing ability and proprietary know-how to advance
our pipeline. We
intend to leverage our preclinical research, safety data and manufacturing
ability to rapidly and efficiently grow our biologic drug candidate pipeline.
Because we utilize MSCs as the active agent for all of our biologic drug candidates,
we believe the accumulated safety data will reduce the time and cost associated
with early stage clinical trials for new indications. 

 Internally develop and
commercialize future biologic drug candidates. We believe that we have the
requisite experience to develop and commercialize our unpartnered biologic drug
candidates and any future biologic drug candidates without the help of a
strategic partner. Due to our experience with Osteocel and our current pipeline
candidates, we believe we have gained the clinical, regulatory, manufacturing
and commercial capabilities to successfully develop and commercialize biologic
drug candidates. 

 Marketed Product 

 Osteocel 

 Osteocel consists of a matrix of cancellous bone
containing mesenchymal stem cells and is used in spinal fusion and other
orthopedic surgical procedures. It is the only commercially available product
in the United States containing viable stem cells. We launched Osteocel in
July 2005 and to date it has been used in over 5,000 surgical procedures.
Osteocel is currently distributed non-exclusively by us, Blackstone and AlloSource
for orthopedic indications, and by us jointly with Blackstone Medical for
spinal procedures. 

8 

According to data published by the Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services, over 900,000 surgeries are performed in the
United States each year that require the reconstruction or replacement of bone.
The standard of care is a procedure known as autograft, in which bone is
harvested from another site within the same patient and transferred to the site
of injury. The harvested bone contains stem cells and is often an effective
agent for regenerating bone. However, this procedure has significant disadvantages.
An additional surgery is required to obtain the autograft bone, resulting in
increased time under anesthesia, additional blood loss, and the costs
associated with an additional surgery. These patients also face an increased
risk of infection and may experience chronic post-operative pain from the
harvest procedure. As noted in an article published by the UCLA Department of
Orthopaedic Surgery, complications from the autograft harvest occur in up to
35 of patients having the procedure. As such, we believe there is a
significant medical need for a product that can provide reliable bone forming
characteristics and eliminate the need for autograft. 

 Spinal fusion is
used to treat damage to the intervertebral disc, including herniated discs, and
is one of the most common and expensive surgeries in orthopedics. Based on data
published by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, there were 450,000
spine fusion surgeries in 2003, associated with multi-billion dollar health
care costs. All spinal fusion surgeries require autograft or other material to
support bone formation. Non-viable bone sourced from cadavers, synthetic
materials, and recombinant growth factors are used as alternatives to
autograft. Each has significant limitations and none has the same regenerative
characteristics of autograft. While Osteocel contains the same bone forming
properties as autograft, it has several distinct advantages: 

 Osteocel
avoids the potential complications and expense of an additional surgical
procedure. 

 The
availability of Osteocel during surgery is limited only by the in-house supply,
while autograft availability is limited to the amount harvested from the
patient in the prior surgical procedure. 

 Every
lot of Osteocel is tested to ensure consistent quality, while the quality of
the autograft is dependent upon the health of the patient. 

 Ease
of use, storage characteristics, and shelf life allow Osteocel to be used in
virtually any surgical setting where bone formation is needed. 

 Osteocel works in three ways. The cancellous bone
matrix of Osteocel is osteoconductive, meaning it encourages new bone growth by
providing a scaffold to support bone formation. Osteocel is also inductive.
Osteoinduction is the indirect promotion of bone formation by recruiting the
patient s cells to the site through signaling mechanisms. Lastly, the stem
cells contained in Osteocel make it osteogenic. Osteogenesis is the ability of
certain cells to form bone directly. Only two current treatments contain all
three of these necessary components for new bone growth: autograft and
Osteocel. Over the past 10 years our scientists have published over 20
peer reviewed journal articles demonstrating the consistent osteogenic
capabilities of the MSCs in Osteocel. 

 We produce Osteocel from the marrow-rich bone of organ
and tissue donors. Since its introduction in July 2005, we have been
unable to produce quantities of Osteocel sufficient to meet surgeon demand.
During 2006, we were constrained by our manufacturing facility and limitations
on the supply of marrow-rich bone obtainable from adult organ and tissue
donors. To increase our ability to supply our customers, we are currently
expanding our manufacturing capacity and increasing the number of organ and
tissue agencies that supply us with tissue. In December 2006, we entered
into a multi-year agreement with AlloSource, Inc., a non-profit tissue
procurement organization, for the supply by AlloSource to us of tissue for use
in the manufacture of Osteocel. Under the terms of the agreement, AlloSource commits
to provide bone matrix to us for use in the production of Osteocel, and to
ensure that the technology is made available to the communities from which it
is sourced, the agreement enables AlloSource to act as a non-exclusive
distributor of Osteocel in AlloSource s local donor communities. 

9 

We believe that Osteocel is properly characterized,
and regulated by the FDA, as a HCT/P under section 361 of the Public
Health Service Act. 

 We are in the process of developing a second
generation MSC product for bone repair, Osteocel-XC, as a long-term strategy to
relieve supply constraints. Unlike Osteocel, Osteocel-XC will utilize
culture-expanded MSCs like our other biologic drug candidates. Based on our
clinical and preclinical experience with Osteocel and MSCs, we are preparing to
submit an Investigational New Drug application to FDA to study Osteocel-XC. 

 Revenues from sales of
Osteocel were 8.3 million in fiscal 2006 and 1.0 million in fiscal 2005. There
were no Osteocel sales or revenues in fiscal 2004. 

 Clinical Programs 

 Prochymal 

 Prochymal is our biologic drug candidate for the
treatment of inflammatory disease. We are currently enrolling patients in a
pivotal Phase III trial for the treatment of steroid refractory GvHD. GvHD is a
life threatening immune system reaction that commonly affects the skin,
gastrointestinal tract, and liver in patients who have received a bone marrow
transplant. We estimate that there are approximately 3,000 instances of GvHD in
the United States each year. We are also evaluating Prochymal in a Phase III
trial for Crohn s Disease for patients refractory to biologics. 

 Bone
marrow transplantation is a treatment of last resort for patients with certain
cancers and some genetic diseases. This procedure can result in a particularly
serious type of rejection referred to as Graft versus Host Disease. This
condition gets its name because the bone marrow transplant, or the graft,
begins to attack the recipient, or the host. As noted in an article published
in the journal Biology of Blood and Marrow
Transplantation in 2005, acute GvHD is one of the most common
complications of allogeneic bone marrow or hematopoietic stem cell
transplantation, affecting approximately 50 of transplant patients. Acute GvHD
is graded for prognostic and treatment purposes on a four grade scale, with
Grade I considered mild, Grade II moderate, and Grades III-IV considered severe
and life-threatening. The onset of GvHD in patients who have received a bone
marrow transplant leads to a poor prognosis because of the already weakened
state of such patients. According to a 2002 article published in Biology of Blood and Marrow Transplantation ,
the estimated one year survival rate for patients with acute GvHD decreases
drastically with increasing disease severity, as illustrated below: 

Acute GvHD 

Estimated One 
 Year Survival 

Grade I 

65 

Grade II 

60 

Grade III 

39 

Grade IV 

22 

Typically, patients are treated aggressively with
steroids when their GvHD reaches Grade II. A 2001 article published in the journal
 Blood noted that approximately
50 of these patients will not respond to treatment with steroids and
approximately 50-80 of steroid refractory GvHD patients die of the
disease. 

 The current treatments available for acute GvHD are
inadequate in several ways. First, mortality in patients with acute GvHD is
unacceptably high. Second, most treatments for acute GvHD work by suppressing
or destroying the immune system. This leads to a number of debilitating side
effects, including severe and life threatening infection. Unlike steroids or
other immunosuppressant drugs, which have a systemic effect, Prochymal s
mechanism of action is designed to specifically target areas of inflammation.
Therefore, we believe the use of Prochymal will result in a lower rate of life
threatening infection. 

10 

We completed a Phase II trial to evaluate Prochymal as
a first-line treatment in combination with steroids, for patients diagnosed
with Grade II through Grade IV acute GvHD. Patients were treated with doses of
2.0 or 8.0 million cells per kilogram of body weight administered in two
infusions of Prochymal 72 hours apart. The treatment commenced within
48 hours of GvHD diagnosis. In this study, we are evaluating safety, dose,
and response to treatment by day 28. Patients will be followed for safety for
two years after trial enrollment. A total of 32 patients have been treated
under this protocol. The study found that patients were twice as likely to have
total clinical resolution of their disease when Prochymal was added to steroid
therapy, compared to reported results for steroid only treatment. Twenty-nine
of 31 patients, or 94 responded after receiving two infusions of Prochymal,
with 23 patients, or 74 achieving a complete response, meaning the patients
had experienced total clinical resolution of the disease. Six patients, or 19 
had a partial response and 2 patients, or 6 did not respond. Furthermore,
patients experiencing this complete response had a survival rate of 91 at Day
120. 

 Starting in 2004, several requests were made by
physicians to use Prochymal in a compassionate use setting for patients with
acute severe treatment refractory GvHD and no remaining treatment options. A
total of seven pediatric patients that had failed to respond to steroids and
other immunosuppressive agents were treated on an emergency-use basis, and
clinical improvements were seen in gastrointestinal and skin GvHD. 

 As a result of the compassionate use requests, we
initiated a second Phase II trial to investigate the use of Prochymal in
patients diagnosed with Grade III or Grade IV GvHD that did not
respond to treatment with steroids and at least one other therapy. This was an
open label study in which we evaluated safety, dose, and response to treatment
by day 28. Patients were treated with 8.0 million cells per kilogram every
72 hours as needed for response, for a maximum of eight treatments.
Fourteen patients were treated under this protocol. The subjects enrolled in
this trial had failed to respond to an average of 4.4 other drug therapies prior
to enrollment. A 59 Prochymal response rate was observed in this treatment
refractory population, defined as an improvement in at least one affected organ
by at least one full GvHD stage without disease progression in any other organ.
Because the patients in this trial had previously not responded to multiple
lines of therapy and their condition was immediately life threatening, for
ethical reasons the use of a placebo control was not possible. Therefore,
further analysis of the statistical significance of our results was not
performed. We are following patients for safety for one year after trial
enrollment. 

 In 2003 we completed a Phase I trial to determine the
safety of Prochymal in patients who received hematopoietic stem cell
transplants. The trial investigated patient response to doses of 1.0, 2.5, and
5.0 million cells per kilogram of body weight. No safety concerns related
to the use of Prochymal were observed in the 46 subjects who were evaluated. 

 We obtained both Fast Track and Orphan Drug designation
in 2005 for the use of Prochymal in GvHD patients. The FDA grants Fast Track
designation to investigational drugs that have the potential to treat
life-threatening diseases with unmet medical needs. Our Biologic License
Application will be eligible for an expedited review process by the FDA as a
result of this designation. Orphan Drug designation offers several benefits
including eligibility for grants to fund studies, seven years of marketing
exclusivity and a waiver of the Biologic License Application fee of
approximately 900,000. Prochymal is the only stem cell therapeutic currently
designated by the FDA as both an Orphan Drug and Fast Track product candidate. 

 Based on our clinical observations of the effects of
Prochymal on the gastrointestinal symptoms of patients with GvHD, we are
developing Prochymal for the treatment of Crohn s Disease. Crohn s Disease is a
chronic, life-long condition that features relapsing inflammation of the
gastrointestinal tract. Severe Crohn s Disease can cause intractable diarrhea
and abdominal pain, undesirable changes in lifestyle, hospitalization, and
unwanted side effects from required medications. Approximately 60 of Crohn s
Disease patients require at least one surgery to remove an affected portion of
their intestine at some time 

11 

during their lifetime,
according to a 2002 article in the journal Alimentary
Pharmacology Therapeutics . This article further notes
that there are over 500,000 cases of diagnosed Crohn s Disease in the United
States, and at any given time approximately 10 of these have a severe
exacerbation or relapse that does not respond to traditional immunosuppressive
treatments. Standard treatments of steroids and other immune suppressants often
cause secondary health problems. According to a 2003 article in the British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology ,
with current medical therapies about 50 of patients with severe Crohn s
Disease will relapse within a year. Also, one year post-surgical recurrence
rates of over 85 have been reported in such patients in a 1990 article
published by The Medical Clinics of North
America . 

 We completed a Phase II trial studying Prochymal as a
treatment for moderate to severe Crohn s Disease that is refractory to steroids
and other immune suppressants. We enrolled ten patients in this study and
communicated the results during the October 2006 annual meeting of the
American College of Gastroenterology. The trial was a prospective, randomized,
open label trial, conducted at 4 leading centers in the US. Patients with
moderate to severe Crohn s disease, defined as having a CDAI Crohn s Disease
Activity Index of at least 220, who had previously failed treatment with
steroids and other immunosuppressive agents, were given two infusions of
Prochymal seven days apart. A total of 10 patients were treated, with 9
patients evaluated through the 28 day follow-up. One patient elected to exit
the trial prior to completion. Patients were divided into two groups and
received either low dose (2 million cells per kilogram) or high dose (8 million
cells per kilogram) of Prochymal on an outpatient basis. In addition to safety
parameters, patients were evaluated for changes in CDAI and improvement in the
Inflammatory Bowel Disease Questionnaire or IBDQ. Prior to entering the trial,
patients who had been treated with infliximab or other biological agents were
required to complete a washout period of 90 days to preclude the possibility
that response was the result of a previous treatment. 

 Entering the trial, the average CDAI score at baseline
was 341. Patients entering this study had suffered from Crohn s Disease for an
average of 14.2 years, and 80 of the patients required prior surgical
intervention to treat their Crohn s Disease. In the study, one-third of the
patients had a reduction of CDAI of greater than 100 points within 14 days of
treatment. Each of these responders had failed previous treatment with
infliximab (Remicade(R)). Mean IBDQ scores improved significantly from baseline
to day 28 (113 to 146, p=0.008). One-third of the patients reported IBDQ scores
of at least 170, indicating they had achieved clinical remission of their
disease. Although not reaching statistical significance, there appeared to be
correlation between dose and response. Patients receiving the high dose had a
72 point greater reduction in CDAI than those receiving low dose (CDAI
reduction of 137 vs. 65). There were no infusional toxicities, nor were there
any treatment related severe adverse event. 

 As the result of the
encouraging data, we initiated a Phase III program for moderate to severe Crohn s
Disease patients who are refractory to standard therapy, including biologics. We
have received Fast Track designation from the FDA, which makes us eligible for
expedited FDA review of Prochymal for this indication. We have also received
clearance from the FDA to conduct a Phase III clinical trial using Prochymal to
treat this resistant form of Crohn s Disease. 

 Chondrogen 

 Chondrogen is our biologic drug candidate for
regeneration of meniscus, a type of cartilage that cushions the knee joint.
There are currently no FDA approved products available to regenerate meniscal
tissue. In several preclinical studies, Chondrogen, a preparation of adult stem
cells formulated for direct injection into the knee, regenerated meniscus and
prevented osteoarthritis in animal models. As described further below, at the
end of the first quarter of 2006 we completed enrollment in a Phase I/II
clinical trial for Chondrogen, designed to evaluate the safety and preliminary
efficacy in patients following surgery to remove torn meniscus. 

12 

The
meniscus is a crescent-shaped cushion in the knee joint that protects cartilage
and enables the knee to move smoothly. Injury and tears to the meniscus are
common and can be traumatic, arising from sports injury for example, or
degenerative, due to daily wear and tear. An injured or torn meniscus is
painful and typically requires surgical intervention. The current standard of
care for significant injuries is partial meniscectomy surgery, in which the
damaged portion of the meniscus is permanently removed. According to a 2005
article in the American Journal of Sports
Medicine , approximately 1.0 million people have surgery to
remove damaged or torn meniscus in the United States each year. As noted in a
1999 article in the journal Sports Medicine ,
patients who have had this procedure are ten to 15 times more likely to develop
osteoarthritis, a highly debilitating orthopedic condition. As a result, a
significant medical need exists for a product that can regenerate the meniscal
tissue removed during surgery and prevent cartilage degeneration. 

 At the end of the first quarter of 2006, we completed
enrolling patients in a randomized double-blind, placebo controlled
Phase I/II clinical trial evaluating Chondrogen for safety and preliminary
efficacy based upon regeneration of meniscus at six-months. We plan on
evaluating each patient for safety two years after the patient enrolled in the
trial. Participants in the trial received doses of either 50 million
cells, 150 million cells, or placebo and a total of 55 patients were
treated. At the six month time point, Chondrogen met its primary endpoint,
demonstrating product safety. An initial review of the data showed that
Chondrogen was well tolerated, was not associated with serious adverse events,
did not result in any adverse hematological events, and did not result in the
formation of any unwanted or ectopic tissue. There was no significant change in
the volume of meniscus on MRI at six-months in patients that received
Chondrogen compared to those patients receiving placebo. However, about 30 of
patients treated with Chondrogen demonstrated an improvement in their baseline
cartilage or joint condition, while no patients in the placebo group
demonstrated similar improvement. Patients will be followed for safety and
additional preliminary efficacy, such as cartilage damage and changes in the
meniscus for two years under the current study protocol. 

 Provacel 

 Provacel
is our biologic drug candidate for the repair of heart muscle in patients who
have suffered a heart attack. Preclinical studies indicate that Provacel
prevents scar formation that typically occurs after a heart attack and improves
cardiac function eight to ten weeks after its administration. As discussed
further below, in March 2006 we completed enrollment in a Phase I clinical
trial for Provacel. This trial is designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy
of Provacel to restore heart function in patients experiencing a first time
heart attack. 

 A
heart attack, or acute myocardial infarction (AMI), occurs when coronary
arteries become blocked with fatty deposits, depriving the heart muscle of
oxygen and nutrients. Based on statistics published in 2005 by the American
Stroke Association and the American Heart Association, in the United States
approximately 700,000 individuals each year experience their first heart
attack. According to these same statistics, approximately 20 of patients
experiencing their first heart attack suffer extensive damage to their heart
muscle, leading to heart failure within six years. Furthermore, we believe the
statistics indicate that despite improvements in the standard of care, this
progression from myocardial infarction to heart failure remains largely
unavoidable in patients with AMIs. 

 Provacel
is being developed for the treatment of heart muscle damage following AMI. Its
primary indication is to treat post-AMI complications and prevent the formation
of scar tissue and associated cardiac dysfunction. Our preclinical studies
indicate that the mechanism by which Provacel improves myocardial function
includes preventing pathological scarring of the heart muscle and growing new
blood vessels. We are developing Provacel as a therapy to be delivered through
a standard intravenous line up to 10 days post-myocardial infarction. 

 In
preclinical studies, Provacel selectively targeted the damaged area of the
heart when a single infusion was administered. These studies also indicated
that Provacel has the effect of retarding or 

13 

stopping the progress of further cardiac tissue
deterioration and limiting the damage caused by an AMI. Significant
improvements in cardiac function as demonstrated by increased ejection
fraction, reduced end diastolic pressures, and reduced wall stress were
observed eight to ten weeks after administration of Provacel. A preclinical
study was performed to determine if an intravenous infusion of MSCs following
myocardial infarction would result in an improvement in cardiac function.
Significant improvement in cardiac function as indicated by left ventricular
ejection fraction was observed three months after infarct in those animals
receiving intravenous delivery of MSCs compared to control animals. MSCs were
detected in the damaged area of the heart muscle of Provacel treated animals,
but not in the remote, undamaged regions. 

 In
March 2006, we completed enrollment of a 53 patient Phase I randomized, double
blind, placebo controlled clinical study to evaluate Provacel in patients
following AMI. The trial is designed to investigate patient response to doses
of 0.5, 1.6, and 5.0 million cells per kilogram of body weight or placebo.
Exploratory efficacy endpoints include overall improvement in the function and
remodeling of the heart muscle six months after treatment. A safety evaluation
for each subject will be conducted two years after the subject is enrolled in
the trial. 

 In
March 2007, we reported six-month results in this trial. Heart attack patients receiving Provacel had
significantly lower rates of adverse events, such as cardiac arrhythmias, as
well as significant improvements in heart, lung and global function.
Administration of Provacel was found to be well tolerated at all dose
levels. Patients in the Provacel group were four times less likely to experience
an arrhythmic event compared to those receiving placebo (9 vs. 37 ,
p=0.025). Fewer patients experienced
clinically significant premature ventricular contractions after receiving
Provacel as compared to placebo at the one month (6 vs. 32 , p 

 We entered into a collaboration with Boston Scientific
Corporation in 2003, and assuming successful completion of our clinical trials
and regulatory approval, it will market and distribute Provacel. 

 Other 

 In addition to the indications described above, we
intend to investigate alternative uses for MSCs and our biologic drug
candidates. We may also evaluate the use of Provacel for additional
cardiovascular indications and Chondrogen for the regeneration of cartilage in
other areas of the body. 

 Collaborations 

 Boston Scientific
Corporation Research, Development and Commercialization Collaboration 

 In March 2003,
we entered into a collaboration agreement with Boston Scientific Corporation,
or Boston Scientific, to develop applications of our MSC technology to treat
acute myocardial infarction and chronic ischemia. Our biologic drug candidate
under development pursuant to this collaboration is Provacel. 

 Under
the terms of the collaboration, we are responsible for the preclinical
development of an MSC biologic drug candidate having application in the covered
field, and for associated regulatory filings, and Boston Scientific is
responsible for the research and development activities performed following
completion of preclinical development of a biologic drug candidate, including,
without limitation, development of the clinical protocols, clinical trial
management and Phase II efficacy research testing. The collaboration provides
for us to manufacture the MSC clinical trial materials, and provides that, upon

14 

regulatory approval for commercial sale, we will
manufacture and Boston Scientific will have exclusive rights to distribute and
sell the product globally. Boston Scientific may also assume the manufacturing
rights and responsibilities from us and if it does so the royalty rate payable
to us is subject to increase. This collaboration may be terminated at any time
upon mutual agreement of the parties. Also, Boston Scientific can terminate the
collaboration prior to obtaining FDA approval of a product, provided that it
gives us at least 120 days notice of such termination. 

 In
connection with this collaboration, we granted to Boston Scientific a
worldwide, exclusive license to develop, market and distribute MSC products in
the covered field. Unless earlier terminated, the license terminates on the
expiration of the last to expire licensed patent covering the product, and with
regard to member states of the European Economic Area, or EEA, on the later of
the tenth anniversary of the commercial launch of a product in the EEA or the
expiration of the last to expire patent. This license automatically terminates
upon termination of the collaboration prior to FDA approval of a product as
described above. 

 Boston
Scientific paid a 5.0 million licensing fee to us upon the effectiveness
of the license. Boston Scientific is also required to pay to us up to
 25.0 million in pre-commercialization milestones per product, as well as
royalty payments for MSC products acquired or manufactured by Boston Scientific
outside of the terms of the contract manufacturing agreement. In addition, any
and all MSC products sold by us to parties other than Boston Scientific must be
sold with a limited label license that states that the product may only be used
in a specified field or application which does not fall within the exclusive
field granted to Boston Scientific. 

 We
have a 50.0 million line of credit with Boston Scientific, of which we
have drawn 5.0 million to date. Borrowings can only be used by us in
connection with Provacel development efforts. Advances under the loan agreement
are secured by an interest granted to Boston Scientific in the license
agreement, including the right to develop, market and distribute MSC products
in the covered field and our right to receive payments under the license; all
equipment, books and records relating to the manufacture of Provacel; and all
future proceeds or payments received in connection with such collateral. We
must commence quarterly repayment of the advance during the first fiscal
quarter following commercialization of Provacel up to a maximum of 2.5 of
sales of Provacel per quarter. If commercialization has not occurred prior to December 31,
2008, we must issue shares of our common stock in repayment of the loan at a
rate of 20 per year up to a maximum repayment term of five years.
Alternatively, upon any termination of the collaboration with Boston Scientific
or any default under the loan agreement, Boston Scientific may require us to
satisfy the full balance of the outstanding loan through an issuance of shares
of our common stock. We can elect to repay the amounts borrowed from Boston
Scientific at any time. 

 In conjunction with this collaboration, Boston
Scientific made a 10.0 million investment in our preferred stock, which
was converted into 500,000 shares of our common stock. Upon the enrollment of
the first patient in a Phase III clinical trial for Provacel, Boston Scientific
is obligated to purchase from us and we are obligated to sell, 166,667 shares
of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 10.0 million, or
 60.00 per share. Upon FDA approval of Provacel, Boston Scientific is obligated
to purchase from us and we are obligated to sell, 89,286 shares of common stock
for an aggregate purchase price of 10.0 million, or 112.00 per share.
Boston Scientific was granted registration rights in respect of the shares of
our common stock received by it, which rights have been waived to the extent
that they related to our initial public offering. Boston Scientific was also
granted a preemptive right to purchase its pro rata share of securities issued
and sold by us, which right has been permanently waived. 

 JCR Pharmaceuticals
Co., Ltd. License Agreement 

 In August 2003,
we entered into a license agreement with JCR Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd., or
JCR, pursuant to which we granted to JCR an exclusive right in Japan to our MSC
technology for use in connection with the use of hematopoietic stem cells
derived from peripheral blood, cord blood or bone marrow in the treatment of
hematological malignancies including the treatment of GvHD with Prochymal. 

15 

The
license agreement provided for a payment by JCR to us of an up-front license
fee of 3.0 million and payment of an additional 500,000 upon certain
technology transfer. In addition, if and when marketing approval is obtained in
Japan, JCR is required to pay up to 7.0 million in pre-commercialization
milestones per product and certain amounts for pre-determined thresholds of
cumulative net sales. Lastly, JCR has an obligation to pay royalties to us,
with such amount dependent upon the cumulative net sales. 

 Under
the terms of the collaborative arrangement, JCR is obligated to use its
reasonable best efforts to develop and commercialize in Japan products covered
under the terms of the license, including conducting clinical trials and
procuring regulatory and other approvals. The license expires with respect to
specific products on the later of 15 years from the date of the first sale
of the product in Japan or the date on which our last patent in Japan covering
that product expires. Also, the license and the collaboration can be terminated
unilaterally by JCR upon 180 days notice to us or by mutual agreement
between us and JCR. 

 In conjunction with this collaboration, JCR made a
 3.0 million investment in our preferred stock, which converted at the
closing of our initial public offering into 136,363 shares of our common stock.
JCR was granted registration rights in respect of the shares of our capital
stock received by it, which rights have been waived to the extent that they
related to our initial public offering. JCR was also granted a preemptive right
to purchase its pro rata share of securities issued and sold by us, which right
has been permanently waived. 

 Blackstone Medical, Inc. Distribution
Agreement 

 In November 2005,
we entered into a distribution and supply arrangement for Osteocel with
Blackstone Medical, Inc., or Blackstone. Blackstone has since been
acquired and now operates as a division of Orthofix International, N.V. Blackstone
has the right to distribute Osteocel in the United States for the treatment of
spinal injuries or diseases. In addition, we granted Blackstone an exclusive
distribution right with regard to spinal implant manufacturers provided that it
commits to purchase at least 80 of the quarterly production forecast of
Osteocel at a stipulated price per unit. 

 Blackstone
markets Osteocel under the Trinity name. We have also retained the right to
directly market and distribute Osteocel under the Osteocel brand. 

 Blackstone
is required to use its best efforts to distribute Osteocel. Unless earlier
terminated, the agreement terminates on December 31, 2008; however, it can
be renewed for one-year periods so long as Blackstone achieves certain
predetermined performance objectives. 

 Either party may terminate the agreement immediately
upon written notice to the other party of the occurrence of certain bankruptcy
events or failure to remedy a material breach that continues for more than
30 days. 

 Intellectual Property 

 We
have established a considerable patent position in adult stem cell technology.
We currently own or have exclusive licenses to 47 issued U.S. patents. Foreign
counterparts to these patents, including composition of matter claims, have
been filed, and we own or hold licenses to 167 issued patents in Europe,
Canada, Australia and other countries. The patents and patent licenses included
in our portfolio address the composition and therapeutic use of mesenchymal
stem cells. We are committed to protecting our intellectual property position
and to aggressively pursue our patent portfolio, and have 13 additional
U.S. patent applications pending and 59 foreign patent applications on
file but not yet allowed. 

16 

For most of our biologic
drug candidates, we rely on multiple patents in combination. The following
provides a description of our key patents and pending applications and is not
intended to represent an assessment of claims limitations or scope. 

Patent 

Subject Matter 

Related Product(s) 

Expiry 

US5,486,359 

Composition of Matter
 for mesenchymal stem cells. 

Chondrogen, 
 Prochymal, 
 Osteocel XC, 
 Provacel 

2013 

US5,811,094 

Therapeutic use of MSCs
 for the repair of connective tissue. 

Chondrogen, 
 Osteocel XC 

2015 

US6,355,239 

Basis for universal use
 of MSCs without recipient matching. 

Chondrogen, 
 Osteocel XC 

2018 

US6,387,369 

Use of MSCs for cardiac
 muscle repair. 

Provacel 

2020 

US6,328,960 

Use of MSCs in
 transplantation, e.g. marrow, tissues and organs. 

Prochymal,e.g. 
 GvHD 

2019 

Pending 
 Applications 

Use of MSC for
 inflammation. 

Prochymal, e.g. 
 Crohn s Disease 

Use of matrix-associated MSCs for bone repair. 

Osteocel 

Through
our experience with MSCs and MSC-based product development, we have developed
expertise and know-how in this field. We manufacture clinical grade MSCs
in-house and contract for the production through contract manufacturers. To
protect this non-patentable know-how, our policies require confidentiality
agreements with our employees, consultants, contractors, manufacturers, outside
collaborators, sponsored researchers, and advisors. These agreements generally
provide for protection of confidential information, restrictions on the use of
materials and assignment of inventions conceived during the course of performance
for us. These agreements might not effectively prevent disclosure of our
confidential information. 

 We
were founded on the basis of MSC technology obtained from Case Western Reserve
University, or CWRU. In January 1993, we entered into a Technology Transfer
and License Agreement with CWRU, which was subsequently amended in October 1999
and twice in October 2003. Pursuant to this license agreement certain
patents were assigned to us and others were exclusively licensed to us, with
the right to grant sublicenses. 

 The
exclusive license is subject to any rights of a governmental agency based on
research funding by such an agency, and to CWRU s retained rights under the
patents for non-clinical research, testing or educational purposes of CWRU. 

 With
respect to the patents licensed to us, we are obligated to pay royalties to
CWRU based on sales of products covered by granted licensed patents, and such
royalties commence with respect to each such product on the third anniversary
of the initial sale thereof. We are also obligated to pay minimum royalties
under the agreement with CWRU. We are responsible for patent costs and along
with CWRU have the right to enforce licensed patents. The license is terminable
by CWRU in the event that there is a material breach by us. Otherwise the
license is for the life of the patents. Under certain circumstances, we are
obligated to negotiate in good faith with a third party a sublicense under
patents licensed from CWRU and under patents and know-how owned by us that are
reasonably required by the third party to exercise the granted sublicense. We
are not obligated to grant such a sublicense where it would have a potential
adverse effect on a product being researched, developed or commercialized by us
or by a licensee or sublicensee of ours. 

17 

Under
terms of a Marketing, Collaboration and License Agreement with BioWhittaker, Inc.,
(recently acquired by Lonza), we have licensed our MSC technology to
BioWhittaker to sell MSCs, MSC descendants, cells produced from MSCs and materials
used with MSCs for commercial and non-commercial research purposes. Under the
terms of this agreement, BioWhittaker is specifically precluded from selling
the licensed products for use in humans. We receive royalties on any sales
under this agreement. 

 Patent life determination depends on the date of
filing of the application or the date of patent issuance and other factors as
promulgated under patent law. The United States Drug Price Competition and
Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, known as the Hatch-Waxman Act, permits a
patent extension of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost
during the FDA regulatory review process. The patent term restoration period is
generally one-half the time between the effective date of an Investigational
New Drug Application or IND and the submission date of a New Drug Application
or NDA, plus the time between the submission date of an NDA and the approval of
the drug. Only the earliest patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible
for the extension. The United States Patent and Trademark Office, in
consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves applications for patent term
extension. We expect to apply for patent term extensions for eligible patents
to add patent life beyond the expiration date, depending on the expected length
of clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of a new drug
application. 

 Manufacturing 

 Production of Biologic
Drug Candidates 

 We
believe that we have differentiated ourselves from other stem cell companies
through proprietary manufacturing methods that allow for the controlled growth
of MSCs to produce up to 5,000 treatments of our biologic drug candidates from
a single bone marrow donation. This is in contrast to most other stem cell
technologies that are able to make only a single treatment from each donation. 

 We
have been manufacturing mesenchymal stem cells for over eight years. The first
material manufactured in-house was released in 1999. Since that time
manufacturing has continued to improve in support of clinical trials. The
current manufacturing process utilizes cell factories, a closed system of
surfaces on which the cells adhere, for stem cell expansion. We have developed
this technology into a reproducible process that we believe can be scaled up at
additional sites. A second manufacturing site was successfully qualified in
2003. In addition, JCR Pharmaceuticals, our partner in Japan, has successfully
implemented our manufacturing technology in Japan. We believe that we perform
all of our manufacturing activities in compliance with FDA current Good
Manufacturing Practice requirements. 

 Our
manufacturing process begins with the collection of bone marrow aspirate from
qualified volunteer donors, 18-30 years of age. Prior to donation,
these individuals are screened and tested for a battery of diseases including
HIV and hepatitis according to FDA donor suitability guidance. We purchase bone
marrow aspirate from commercial sources. Since the mesenchymal stem cell is
extremely rare, accounting for only one in every 100,000 cells in bone marrow,
an initial purification process is required. Upon arrival at our facilities,
MSCs are isolated and selectively removed from the bone marrow by an adherent
culture process. Our stem cells adhere to the surface of the cell factory and
the other remaining cell populations do not adhere and are washed away
throughout the process. Our stem cells are then expanded over the course of a
month. Once expanded, the cells are harvested, packaged and cryopreserved as an
in-process intermediate, and we conduct a second battery of quality testing.
Each packaged intermediate is further expanded and formulated to produce the
final product. Sterility and quality testing completes the process. This
well-defined process has allowed for the development of a supply chain where
material specifications have been established and vendors have been qualified. 

 The final product will be configured to allow for ease
of storage, distribution and use in the clinic. We expect the product will be
provided in ready to use patient dose quantities, shipped from the distribution
center on dry ice, and stored in the freezer at the pharmacy. 

18 

Production of Osteocel 

 Osteocel
is a matrix of viable cancellous bone containing primary or unexpanded MSCs.
Unlike our biologic drug candidates, the stem cells and cancellous bone used in
Osteocel are obtained from organ and tissue donors. Additionally, the
production of Osteocel is different from our biologic drug candidates in that
it does not feature the expansion of MSCs. 

 Since
its introduction into the marketplace in July 2005, we have been unable to
produce Osteocel in quantities sufficient to meet our customer demand due to
constraints in our manufacturing facility and the lack of sufficient quantities
of marrow-rich bone. We contract with tissue recovery agencies for Osteocel
source tissue. We currently have eight agencies under contract, including
Allosource as discussed above. These agencies in turn have contracts with
federally designated Organ Procurement Organizations who notify the agencies of
donor candidates in their areas. Once an initial qualification of the donor is
performed, a surgical team is deployed to remove the tissue and send it to our
processing center via overnight delivery. The agencies also compile the donor s
medical records, perform a medical and social history evaluation, collect serum
samples for serological testing and perform other donor screening services.
These agencies operate on a fee for service basis, which varies depending upon
the tissue type and transplant suitability. We intend to enter into contracts
with additional tissue recovery agencies in the future in order to fulfill
product demand. We expect to continue to increase manufacturing capacities in
line with tissue supply, and believe we will eventually be limited by available
donor material regardless of manufacturing capacity. 

 The processing of Osteocel is in many ways more like
the process of organ donation than standard tissue processing. This is because
it is essential that the stem cells contained within Osteocel are kept in a
living, healthy state. We overcome this challenge through a proprietary process
that is designed to preserve the material, particularly the stem cells.
Sterility cultures are performed on the final product from every lot according
to United States Pharmacopeia standards. Following completion of quality
control testing and quality assurance review, the product is released for
distribution. 

 Sales, Marketing and
Distribution 

 Our
current sales network consists of approximately 45 independent sales
representatives and a distribution agreement with Blackstone
Medical, Inc., and its affiliates, for the distribution of Osteocel. In
addition, to ensure that Osteocel is made available to the communities from
which it is sourced, our agreement with AlloSource enables AlloSource to act as
a non-exclusive distributor of Osteocel in AlloSource s local donor
communities. 

 To
increase Osteocel s market penetration, we intend to further expand our network
of sales professionals in the United States. Except for Provacel, we intend to
self commercialize all of our biologic drug candidates in the United States
upon FDA approval through the creation of additional sales and marketing
capabilities in existing and new indications and the leverage of Osteocel s
sales and marketing infrastructure for orthopedic indications. We have entered
into a collaborative arrangement with Boston Scientific Corporation to
commercialize Provacel upon marketing approval. We also have a collaborative arrangement
with JCR Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd. for the distribution of Prochymal for
GvHD in Japan following marketing approval. 

19 

Both our Osteocel product
and our biologic drug candidates have long-term storage requirements within
specific frozen temperature ranges, -80 degrees Centigrade and -140
degrees Centigrade, respectively. Generally, we do not believe this will pose a
significant problem for end-users as most hospitals and medical centers have
freezers with these storage capabilities readily available. However, some
facilities may not have this type of storage available and this may limit
product and biologic drug candidate distribution. In an effort to mitigate
potential issues with product and biologic drug candidate storage, we are
performing studies to develop less restrictive storage temperatures. For
example, we have implemented temporary -50 degree Centigrade storage of
Osteocel for up to two weeks, which opens distribution to a wider hospital
base. 

 Osteocel 

 Our marketing of Osteocel
is targeted to orthopedic surgeons and neurosurgeons practicing in the United
States. The most rapid adoption rates to date have been for spinal fusion
procedures. Osteocel is currently distributed by our corporate partner,
Blackstone Medical, Inc., and its affiliates, and is also distributed by
AlloSource and for us by an independent network of approximately 45 sales
representatives. Blackstone is a designer and manufacturer of spinal
instruments and implants located in Massachusetts. In the field of orthopedics,
we intend to continue to develop a network of sales professionals for the
distribution of Osteocel. 

 Prochymal 

 Upon FDA approval of Prochymal,
we expect to focus our sales and marketing efforts on the approximately 210
transplantation hospitals in the United States that are registered with the
International Bone Marrow Transplantation Registry. We expect to employ a
number of sales representatives, initially targeting the most active
transplantation centers in a region. An important component of the sales
strategy will be to gain the support of key opinion leaders, facilitating the
adoption of Prochymal as the treatment strategy for GvHD. We have entered into
a license agreement with JCR Pharmaceuticals that grants it the exclusive right
to distribute Prochymal for the treatment of GvHD in Japan when it has been
approved for marketing in that country. 

 Chondrogen 

 According to a 2005 article
in the American Journal of Sports Medicine ,
approximately 1.0 million people have surgery to remove damaged or torn
meniscus in the United States each year. Given the similarity in call points
between Osteocel and our biologic drug candidate Chondrogen, we intend to
utilize our Osteocel sales force to penetrate this market if we successfully
develop and obtain marketing approval for Chondrogen. Current Osteocel sales
training includes modules on basic stem cell biology, immunology, and the
preclinical and clinical data pertaining to Chondrogen. This cross-training
will help the existing sales force in marketing Chondrogen to orthopedic
surgeons. 

 Provacel 

 We entered into a
collaboration with Boston Scientific Corporation in 2003. Boston Scientific
will market and distribute Provacel if we successfully complete our clinical
trials and obtain marketing approval. 

 Competition 

 Our industry is subject to rapid and intense
technological change. We face, and will continue to face, intense competition
from pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as
numerous academic and research institutions and governmental agencies engaged
in drug discovery 

20 

activities or funding,
both in the U.S. and abroad. Some of these competitors are pursuing the development
of drugs and other therapies that target the same diseases and conditions that
we target in our commercial, clinical and preclinical programs. 

 Many of the companies competing against us have
financial and other resources substantially greater than our own. In addition,
many of our competitors have significantly greater experience in testing
pharmaceutical and other therapeutic products, obtaining FDA and other
regulatory approvals of products, and marketing and selling those products.
Accordingly, our competitors may succeed more rapidly than we will in obtaining
FDA approval for products and achieving widespread market acceptance. If we
obtain necessary regulatory approval and commence significant commercial sales
of our products, we will also be competing with respect to manufacturing
efficiency and marketing capabilities, areas in which we have limited or no
commercial-scale experience. 

 Our commercialized
product, Osteocel, currently competes with established treatment options such
as autograft bone and Medtronic s InFuse and potentially may compete with other
products currently in development for the same indications. Our three biologic
drug candidates, if approved, would compete with several marketed products and
other future biologic drug candidates. For our existing product and each of our
clinical-stage biologic drug candidates, the primary competitors include: 

 Osteocel. Our commercialized bone regeneration product
competes with autograft bone, synthetic biomaterials, growth factors and allograft
bone. Competing products include Medtronic s InFuse, Stryker s OP-1,
numerous bone void filler products such as Zimmer s CopiOs and autologous bone
marrow products such as DePuy Spine s CELLECT . 

 Prochymal. If approved, Prochymal will
compete with approved products such as Novartis Neoral for the prevention of
organ rejection in kidney, liver, and heart allogeneic transplant patients,
Johnson Johnson s Remicade and Abbott s Humira for Crohn s Disease
and if approved DOR BioPharma s orBec for gastrointestinal GvHD. 

 Chondrogen. If approved, Chondrogen will
compete with products such as allograft menisci from cadavers, Conmed Linvatec s
meniscal fixation system of screws and arrows and if approved, Regen Biologics 
Collagen Meniscus Implant. 

 Provacel. If approved, Provacel will
compete with pharmaceutical therapies, mechanical therapies and cellular based
therapies. Pharmaceutical therapies include anti-thrombotics, calcium channel
blockers such as Pfizer s Norvasc and ACE inhibitors such as Sanofi s Delix .
Mechanical therapies such as biventricular pacing, ventricular restraint
devices and mitral valve therapies have been developed by companies such as
Medtronic, Acorn Cardiovascular and Edwards Lifesciences. Cellular based
therapies such as skeletal myoblasts and embryonic stem cells are being pursued
by companies such as Bioheart, MG Biotherapeutics, a joint venture created by
Medtronic and Genzyme, and Geron. 

 We may face competition in the future from other
companies that are researching and developing stem cell therapies. We are aware
of many companies working in this area, including: Aastrom Biosciences,
Advanced Cell Technology, Athersys, Cellerant Therapeutics, Cognate
Therapeutics, Cytori Therapeutics, Gamida Cell, Geron, Mesoblast, MultiCell
Technologies, Neuronyx, Theradigm, ViaCell and StemCells. 

 We expect to compete based
upon, among other things, our intellectual property portfolio and the efficacy
of our products. Our ability to compete successfully will depend on our
continued ability to attract and retain skilled and experienced scientific,
clinical development and executive personnel, to identify and develop viable
biologic drug candidates and to exploit these products and compounds
commercially before others are able to develop competitive products. 

21 

Government
Regulation 

 Regulation by governmental
authorities in the United States and other countries is a significant factor in
the development, manufacture, commercialization and reimbursement of our
products and services. Virtually all of the products we develop will require
marketing approval, or licensure, by governmental agencies prior to
commercialization. In particular, human therapeutic products are subject to
rigorous preclinical and clinical testing and other approval procedures of the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and similar regulatory authorities
in other countries. Various governmental statutes and regulations also govern
or influence testing, manufacturing, safety, labeling, storage and record
keeping related to such products and their marketing. State, local and other
authorities may also regulate pharmaceutical manufacturing facilities. The
process of obtaining these approvals and the subsequent compliance with
appropriate statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial
time and money, and there can be no guarantee that approvals will be granted. 

 FDA Approval
Process 

 We believe that
Osteocel is appropriately characterized as a product regulated by the FDA as a human
cells, tissues and cellular and tissue-based product, for which the FDA does
not require premarket approval. See the discussion below under the caption Human
Cellular and Tissue-Based Product. Our biologic drug candidates will require
approval from the FDA and corresponding agencies in other countries before they
can be marketed. The FDA regulates human therapeutic products in one of three
broad categories: biologics, drugs, or medical devices. Our biologic drug
candidates will be regulated as biological products. The FDA generally requires
the following steps for premarket approval or licensure of a new biological
product or new drug product: 

 preclinical
laboratory and animal tests conducted in compliance with FDA s Good Laboratory
Practice, or GLP, requirements to assess a drug s biological activity and to
identify potential safety problems, and to characterize and document the
product s chemistry, manufacturing controls, formulation, and stability; 

 submission
to the FDA of an investigational new drug or IND application, which must become
effective before clinical testing in humans can begin; 

 obtaining
approval of Institutional Review Boards, or IRBs, of research institutions or
other clinical sites to introduce the biologic drug candidate into humans in
clinical trials; 

 adequate
and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy
of the product for its intended indication conducted in compliance with FDA s
Good Clinical Practice, or GCP, requirements; 

 compliance
with current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP regulations and standards; 

 submission
to the FDA of a biologics license application, or BLA, or new drug application,
or NDA, for marketing that includes adequate results of preclinical testing and
clinical trials; 

 FDA
review of the marketing application in order to determine, among other things,
whether the product is safe, effective and potent for its intended uses; and 

 obtaining
FDA approval of the BLA or NDA, including inspection and approval of the
product manufacturing facility as compliant with cGMP requirements, prior to
any commercial sale or shipment of the pharmaceutical agent. 

 Typically, clinical testing involves a three-phase
process although the phases may overlap. In Phase I, clinical trials are
conducted with a small number of healthy volunteers or patients and are
designed to provide information about product safety and to evaluate the
pattern of drug distribution and metabolism 

22 

within the body. In Phase
II, clinical trials are conducted with groups of patients afflicted with a
specific disease in order to determine preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages
and expanded evidence of safety. In some cases, an initial trial is conducted
in diseased patients to assess both preliminary efficacy and preliminary safety
and patterns of drug metabolism and distribution, in which case it is referred
to as a Phase I/II trial. Phase III clinical trials are generally large-scale,
multi-center, comparative trials conducted with patients afflicted with a
target disease in order to provide statistically valid proof of efficacy, as
well as safety and potency. In some circumstances, the FDA may require Phase IV
or post-marketing trials if it feels that additional information needs to be
collected about the drug after it is on the market. During all phases of
clinical development, regulatory agencies require extensive monitoring and
auditing of all clinical activities, clinical data and clinical trial
investigators. An agency may, at its discretion, re-evaluate, alter, suspend,
or terminate the testing based upon the data which have been accumulated to
that point and its assessment of the risk/benefit ratio to the patient.
Monitoring all aspects of the study to minimize risks is a continuing process.
All adverse events must be reported to the FDA. 

 The results of the preclinical and clinical testing on
a non-biologic drug and certain diagnostic drugs are submitted to the FDA in
the NDA or BLA. In the case of vaccines or gene and cell therapies, the results
of clinical trials are submitted as a BLA. In responding to the submission of a
BLA or NDA, the FDA may grant marketing authority, request additional clinical
data or deny approval if the FDA determines that the application does not
satisfy its regulatory approval criteria. FDA review of a BLA or NDA typically
takes one to three years, but may last longer, especially if the FDA asks for
more information or clarification of information already provided. Further
clinical trials may be required to gain approval to promote the use of the
product for any additional indications. Such additional indications are
obtained through the approval of a supplemental BLA or NDA. 

 The process of obtaining regulatory approval is
lengthy, uncertain, and requires the expenditure of substantial resources. Each
NDA or BLA must be accompanied by a user fee, pursuant to the requirements of
the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, and its amendments. The FDA
adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. According to the FDA s fee
schedule, effective through September 30, 2007, the user fee for an
application requiring clinical data, such as an NDA or BLA, is 896,200. PDUFA
also imposes an annual product fee for prescription drugs and biologics 49,750), and an annual establishment fee 313,100) on facilities used to
manufacture prescription drugs and biologics. Fee waivers or reductions are
available in certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee
for the first application filed by a small business. Additionally, no user fees
are assessed on NDAs or BLAs for products designated as orphan drugs, unless
the drug also includes a non-orphan indication, and if a contract manufacturer
is used, the contract manufacturer is responsible for the establishment fee. 

 Before approving an NDA or BLA, all facilities and
manufacturing techniques used for the manufacture of products must comply with
applicable FDA regulations governing cGMP. A local field division of the FDA is
responsible for completing this inspection and providing recommendation for or
against approval. This effort is intended to assure appropriate facility and
process design to avoid potentially lengthy delays in product approvals due to
inspection deficiencies. Similarly, before approving a new drug or biologics
application, the FDA may also conduct pre-licensing inspections of a company,
its contract research organizations and/or its clinical trial sites to ensure
that clinical, safety, quality control and other regulated activities are
compliant with GCP. To assure such cGMP and GCP compliance, the applicants must
incur significant time, money and effort in the area of training, record
keeping, production, and quality control. Following approval, the manufacture,
holding, and distribution of a product must continue to devote significant resources
to maintain full compliance in these areas. 

 After FDA approval has been obtained, the FDA will
require post-marketing reporting to monitor the side effects of the drug.
Further studies may be required to provide additional data on the product s
risks, benefits, and optimal use, and will be required to gain approval for the
use of the product as a treatment for clinical indications other than those for
which the product was initially tested. Results of post- 

23 

marketing programs may
limit or expand the further marketing of the product. Further, if there are any
modifications to the drug, including changes in indication, labeling, or a
change in the manufacturing process or manufacturing facility, an NDA or BLA
supplement may be required to be submitted to the FDA. 

 Additionally, after the FDA has authorized a drug
product to enter commercial distribution, numerous regulatory requirements
apply. These include, among others, the cGMPs, which require manufacturers to
follow extensive design, testing, control, documentation and other quality
assurance procedures during the manufacturing process; labeling regulations;
the FDA s general prohibition against promoting drug products for unapproved or
off-label uses; and adverse event reporting regulations, which require that
manufacturers report to the FDA if their drug may have caused or contributed to
a death or serious injury. The FDA has broad post-market and regulatory and
enforcement powers. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. drug regulatory
requirements could result in, among other things, warning letters, fines,
injunctions, consent decrees, civil penalties, refunds, recalls or seizures of
products (which would result in the cessation or reduction of production
volume), total or partial suspension of production, withdrawals or suspensions
of current product applications, and criminal prosecution. Adverse events
related to a drug product in any existing or future markets could cause
regulatory authorities to withdraw market approval for such product. 

 Fast Track and
Orphan Drug Designations 

 Congress enacted the Food and Drug Administration
Modernization Act of 1997 in part to ensure the availability of safe and
effective drugs, biologics, and medical devices by expediting the FDA review
process for new products. The Modernization Act establishes a statutory program
for the approval of Fast Track products, including biologics. A Fast Track
product is defined as a new drug or biologic intended for the treatment of a
serious or life-threatening condition that demonstrates the potential to
address unmet medical needs for this condition. Under the Fast Track program,
the sponsor of a new drug or biologic may request the FDA to designate the drug
or biologic as a Fast Track product at any time during the clinical development
of the product. This designation assures access to FDA personnel for
consultation throughout the development process and provides an opportunity to
request priority review of a marketing application providing a six-month review
timeline for the designated product. If a preliminary review of the clinical
data suggests that a Fast Track product may be effective, the FDA may initiate
review of sections of a marketing application for a Fast Track product before
the sponsor completes the application. This rolling review is available if the
applicant provides a schedule for submission of remaining information and pays
applicable user fees. However, the time periods specified under PDUFA
concerning timing goals to which the FDA has committed in reviewing an
application do not begin until the sponsor submits the complete application.
During the first quarter of 2005 the FDA designated Prochymal as a Fast Track
product for the treatment of GvHD. Prochymal also received Fast Track
designation from the FDA in January 2007 for treatment refractory Crohn s
Disease. We cannot predict whether this designation will impact the timing or
likelihood of FDA approval of Prochymal. 

 The Orphan Drug Act provides incentives to
manufacturers to develop and market drugs for rare diseases and conditions
affecting fewer than 200,000 persons in the United States at the time of
application for Orphan Drug designation. The first developer to receive FDA
marketing approval for an Orphan Drug is entitled to a seven year exclusive marketing
period in the United States for that product as well as a waiver of the BLA
user fee. However, a drug that the FDA considers to be clinically superior to,
or different from, another approved orphan drug, even though for the same
indication, may also obtain approval in the United States during the seven year
exclusive marketing period. The FDA granted Orphan Drug designation for
Prochymal during the last quarter of 2005. 

24 

Legislation similar to the
Orphan Drug Act has been enacted in countries other than the United States,
including the European Union. The orphan legislation in the European Union is
available for therapies addressing conditions that affect five or fewer out of
10,000 persons. The marketing exclusivity period is for ten years, although
that period can be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year,
available evidence establishes that the product is sufficiently profitable not
to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. 

 Human Cellular and
Tissue-Based Product 

 Human cells or tissue intended for implantation,
transplantation, infusion, or transfer into a human recipient is regulated by
the FDA as human cells, tissues, and cellular and tissue-based product, or
HCT/Ps. We believe that Osteocel is appropriately characterized as an HCT/P and
not as a biologic or drug. HCT/Ps are regulated differently from drug or
biologic products due to the fact they are minimally manipulated tissues
intended for homologous use in the patient s body, are not combined with a
drug, device or biologic, and do not have systemic or metabolic effects on the
body. The FDA does not require premarket approval for HCT/Ps, however, it does
require strict adherence to federally mandated current Good Tissue Practice, or
cGTP, regulations. These regulations are analogous to the GMP regulations
described above in terms of manufacturing standards. In addition, FDA s
regulations include other requirements to prevent the introduction, transmission
and spread of communicable disease. Specifically, FDA s regulations require
tissue establishments to register and list their HCT/Ps with the FDA and to
evaluate donors through screening and testing. 

 We maintain state
licensure as a human tissue bank in Maryland, California, Florida, Illinois and
New York. These are the only states in which such licensure is required for us. 

 Privacy Law 

 Federal and state laws govern our ability to obtain
and, in some cases, to use and disclose data we need to conduct research
activities. Through the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of
1996, or HIPAA, Congress required the Department of Health and Human Services
to issue a series of regulations establishing standards for the electronic
transmission of certain health information. Among these regulations were
standards for the privacy of individually identifiable health information. Most
health care providers were required to comply with the Privacy Rule as of April 14,
2003. 

 HIPAA does not preempt, or
override, state privacy laws that provide even more protection for individuals 
health information. These laws requirements could further complicate our
ability to obtain necessary research data from our collaborators. In addition,
certain state privacy and genetic testing laws may directly regulate our
research activities, affecting the manner in which we use and disclose
individuals health information, potentially increasing our cost of doing
business, and exposing us to liability claims. In addition, patients and
research collaborators may have contractual rights that further limit our
ability to use and disclose individually identifiable health information.
Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights or breached our
contractual obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive
and time-consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity that could
harm our business. 

 Other Regulations 

 In addition to privacy law
requirements and regulations enforced by the FDA, we also are subject to
various local, state and federal laws and regulations relating to safe working
conditions, laboratory and manufacturing practices, the experimental use of
animals and the use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous
substances, including chemicals, micro-organisms and various radioactive
compounds used in connection with our research and development activities.
These laws include, but are not limited to, the Occupational Safety and Health
Act, the Toxic Test Substances Control Act and the 

25 

Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act. Although we believe that our safety procedures
for handling and disposing of these materials comply with the standards
prescribed by state and federal regulations, we cannot assure you that
accidental contamination or injury to employees and third parties from these
materials will not occur. We may not have adequate insurance to cover claims
arising from our use and disposal of these hazardous substances. 

 Foreign Regulation 

 We will most likely have
to obtain approval for the manufacturing and marketing of each of our products
from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of
marketing of the product in those countries. The approval procedure varies
among countries, may involve additional preclinical testing and clinical
trials, and the time required may differ from that required for FDA approval or
licensure. Although there is now a centralized European Union approval
mechanism in place, this applies only to certain specific medicinal product
categories. In respect of all other medicinal products each European country
may impose certain of its own procedures and requirements in addition to those
requirements set out in the appropriate legislation, many of which could be
time-consuming and expensive. Although data requirements presently exist for
gene therapy and somatic cell therapy medicinal products, additional European
approval standards for cellular therapy are still under development, and
consequently approval of cell therapy products in Europe may require additional
data that we may not be able to satisfy. 

 Employees 

 As of December 31,
2006, our headcount was 113 individuals, comprising 73 full-time employees and
40 full-time contract employees. Of this total, 68 were engaged in manufacturing
and operations, 32 were engaged in research and development and clinical trials
and 13 were engaged in administration, facilities and finance. All of our
employees have entered into non-disclosure agreements with us regarding our
intellectual property, trade secrets and other confidential information. None
of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered under a collective
bargaining agreement, nor have we experienced any work stoppages. 

 Executive Officers of the Registrant 

 Executive officers are
appointed annually by the Board of Directors and, subject to the terms of any
applicable employment agreement, serve at the discretion of the Board of
Directors. Information regarding our executive officers is as follows: 

Name 

Age 

Position 

Other Offices or Positions Held 
 During the Past Five Years 

C. Randal Mills, Ph.D. 

35 

President and Chief
 Executive Officer (since July 2004) 

Dr. Mills is also a
 member of the Board of Directors. Prior to joining Osiris, Dr. Mills was
 an executive officer of Regeneration Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ RTIX).
 Dr. Mills served in several leadership positions at RTI from its
 formation in 1998 until 2004, including Vice President of Business
 Development and Vice President of Operation and R D and is credited with
 several key initiatives including the development and commercialization of
 RTI s core technology, BioCleanse . 

26 

Name 

Age 

Position 

Other Offices or Positions Held 
 During the Past Five Years 

Cary J. Claiborne 

46 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary (since December 2004) 

Mr. Claiborne
 previously was Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis at
 Constellation Energy, a diversified energy company from December 2001 to
 June 2004. At Constellation, he oversaw a budget consisting of 12
 billion in revenue and over 500 million in net income. Prior to
 Constellation Energy, he served as Vice President, Financial Planning and
 Analysis for Home Depot from April 2000 to July 2001. Mr. Claiborne
 spent the first 15 years at GE Capital Business Services and served as
 President of New Enterprise Wholesale Services. 

Harry
 E. Carmitchel 

56 

Chief Operating Officer (since September 2004) 

Mr. Carmitchel has over 20 years of general management and
 operations experience in the medical field. Prior to joining Osiris,
 Mr. Carmitchel was a Principal with the Pacific Consulting Group for
 four years, where he specialized in corporate turnarounds. Prior to this
 time, Mr. Carmitchel was a General Manager with McQuay International,
 running a 410 million group, and spent eight years as President of the
 Medical Division for Stryker Corporation. 

Earl
 R. Fender 

59 

Vice President and General Manager of Orthopedics (since
 June 2006) 

Prior to joining Osiris, Mr Fender served for over ten years with
 DePuy Spine, a Johnson Johnson company, holding positions as Vice
 President, Sales, U.S. President, and finally as Worldwide President. Under
 his direction, DePuy Spine became the second largest spinal implant manufacturer
 in the world. 

Lode Debrabandere Ph.D. 

42 

Vice
 President and General Manager, Inflammatory Diseases (since July 2006) 

Prior
 to joining Osiris, Dr. Debrabandere served for over four years with
 Bristol-Myers Squibb as Vice President for Strategic Marketing for
 Neuroscience and Infectious Diseases. He led the Neuroscience Unit and was
 the Global Brand Leader for Abilify . Previously, Dr. Debrabandere led
 the Marketing department of UCB Pharma Inc., focusing in the areas of
 allergy/respiratory (Zyrtec and neurology (Keppra ). 

27 

Item 1A. RISK
FACTORS 

 Risks Related To
Our Business 

 We have a history
of operating losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability. 

 We have incurred losses in each year since our
inception and expect to experience losses over the next several years. As of December 31,
2006, we had an accumulated deficit of 188 million. These losses resulted
principally from costs incurred in our research and development programs and
from our general and administrative expenses. These losses, among other things,
have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders 
equity, total assets and working capital. 

 We expect to
continue to incur significant operating expenses and anticipate that our
expenses and losses will increase in the foreseeable future as we seek to: 

 complete
our Phase II and III clinical trials for Prochymal; 

 complete
our Phase I/II clinical trial for Chondrogen and, if supported by the Phase
I/II clinical trial, initiate additional clinical trials; 

 complete
our Phase I clinical trial for Provacel and, if supported by the Phase I
clinical trial, initiate Phase II clinical trials; 

 maintain
and expand our network of sales professionals for the distribution of Osteocel,
and further expand and train our sales network in anticipation of the approval
of our biologic drug candidates for commercial sale; 

 expand
our manufacturing capacity, which will require that we obtain additional
administrative and manufacturing space and build-out a portion of that space as
a Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, compliant and validated product
manufacturing facility; 

 continue
the relocation of some or all of our
business operations to a newly leased facility; 

 maintain,
expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 

 hire
additional clinical, quality control, scientific and management personnel; and 

 add
operational, financial, accounting, facilities engineering and information
systems personnel, consistent with expanding our operations and our status as a
public company. 

 In addition, Osteocel is our only commercially
available product. While revenue from Osteocel has increased since its
commercial introduction in July 2005, our ability to scale up our
production capabilities for commercial quantities of this product are limited,
and our costs in marketing and distributing this product will also increase as
production increases. 

 The extent of our future
operating losses or profits is highly uncertain, and we may not achieve or
sustain profitability. If we are unable to achieve and then maintain
profitability, the market value of our common stock will decline and you could
lose part or all of your investment. 

 If we are not able
to recruit and retain qualified management and scientific personnel, we may
fail in developing our technologies and biologic drug candidates. 

 Our future success depends
to a significant extent on the skills, experience and efforts of the principal
members of our scientific, management and sales personnel. These members
include C. Randal Mills, Ph.D., Harry E. Carmitchel, Cary J. Claiborne,
Earl R. Fender and Lode Debrabandere Ph.D. The loss of any or all of these
individuals could harm our business and might significantly delay or prevent
the achievement of research, development or business objectives. We have
entered into employment agreements with Dr. Mills, Messrs. Carmitchel,
Claiborne, Fender and Dr. Debrabandere for an initial 

28 

term of
three years. The existence of an employment agreement does not, however,
guarantee retention of these employees, and we may not be able to retain those
individuals for the duration of or beyond the end of their respective terms.
Except for Dr. Mills, Messrs. Claiborne, Carmitchel, Fender and Dr. Debrabandere,
none of our employees is employed for a specified term. Competition for
personnel is intense. We may be unable to retain our current personnel or
attract or integrate other qualified management and scientific personnel in the
future. 

 We may not be able
to raise additional capital necessary to fund our operations. 

 Our future capital
requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

 the
level of cash flows from Osteocel sales; 

 the
scope and results of our research and preclinical development programs; 

 the
scope and results of our clinical trials, particularly regarding the number of
patients required for our Phase III trial for Prochymal; 

 the
timing of and the costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals for our
biologic drug candidates, which could be more lengthy or complex than obtaining
approval for a new conventional drug, given the FDA s limited experience with
late-stage clinical trials and marketing approval for stem cell therapeutics; 

 the
costs of building and operating our manufacturing facilities, both in the near
term to support Osteocel sales and our clinical activities and also in
anticipation of expanding our commercialization activities; 

 the
costs of maintaining, expanding and protecting our intellectual property
portfolio, including potential litigation costs and liabilities; 

 our
debt repayment obligations; and 

 the
costs of enlarging our work force consistent with expanding our business and
operations and status as a public company, and as necessary to enhance and
train our sales network in anticipation of the approval of our biologic drug
candidates for commercial sale. 

 As a result of these factors, we may need or choose to
seek additional funding prior to our becoming cash flow positive on an
operational basis. We would likely seek such funding through public or private
financings or some combination of them. Although not our current focus, we
might also seek funding through collaborative arrangements if determined to be
necessary or appropriate. Additional funding may not be available to us on
acceptable terms, or at all. If we obtain capital through collaborative
arrangements, these arrangements could require us to relinquish rights to our
technologies or biologic drug candidates. If we raise capital through the sale
of equity, or securities convertible into equity, dilution to our then existing
stockholders would result. In October 2006, we issued approximately 20.0 million
in convertible promissory notes that are convertible under certain
circumstances into shares of our common stock at 18.00 per share. The holders
of these notes also are afforded registration rights in respect to the shares
of common stock issuable upon conversion. If we raise additional capital
through the incurrence of debt, we would likely become subject to covenants
restricting our business activities, and holders of debt instruments would have
rights and privileges senior to those of our equity investors. In addition,
servicing the interest and repayment obligations under these borrowings would
divert funds that would otherwise be available to support research and development,
clinical or commercialization activities. 

 If we are unable to obtain
adequate financing on a timely basis, we may be required to delay, reduce the
scope of or eliminate one or more of our programs, any of which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

29 

If the potential of
our stem cell therapies to treat diseases is not realized, the value of our
technology and our development programs could be significantly reduced. 

 The potential of our stem
cell therapies to treat diseases is currently being explored by us. We have not
proven in clinical trials that our stem cell therapy will be a safe and
effective treatment for any disease. Our stem cell therapies are susceptible to
various risks, including undesirable and unintended side effects, unintended
immune system responses, inadequate therapeutic efficacy or other
characteristics that may prevent or limit their marketing approval or
commercial use. We have not treated a sufficient number of patients to allow us
to make a determination that serious unintended consequences will not occur. If
the potential of our stem cell therapies to treat disease is not realized, the
value of our technology and our development programs could be significantly reduced.
Because our biologic drug candidates are based on MSCs, any negative
developments regarding the therapeutic potential or side effects of MSCs could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. At the six month time point of our randomized, double blind,
placebo controlled Phase I/II clinical trial evaluating Chondrogen s ability to
regenerate meniscus in patients who have had a significant portion of their
meniscus surgically removed, the trial did not demonstrate that Chondrogen
resulted in a statistically significant increase in the volume of meniscus as
compared to placebo; however, Chondrogen met its primary endpoint,
demonstrating product safety, and an improvement in baseline cartilage and joint
condition was noted in patients treated with the stem cell drug but was not
seen in patients that received placebo. 

 Our product
development programs are based on novel technologies and are inherently risky. 

 We are subject to the
risks of failure inherent in the development of products based on new
technologies. The novel nature of our therapeutics creates significant
challenges in regards to product development and optimization, manufacturing,
government regulation, third-party reimbursement and market acceptance. For
example, the FDA has relatively limited experience with stem cell therapies.
None has been approved by the FDA for commercial sale, and the pathway to
regulatory approval for our biologic drug candidates may accordingly be more
complex and lengthy. Additionally, stem cells are subject to donor-to-donor
variability, which can make standardization more difficult. As a result, the
development and commercialization pathway for our therapies may be subject to
increased uncertainty, as compared to the pathway for new conventional drugs. 

 There are no FDA
approved treatments for some of the disease indications we are pursuing. This
could complicate and delay FDA approval of our biologic drug candidates. 

 There are no drugs or therapies currently approved
with stated indications for the first-line treatment of acute GvHD or the
treatment of steroid refractory GvHD. As a result, the clinical efficacy
endpoints, or the criteria to measure the intended results of treatment, for
our biologic drug candidate Prochymal for the treatment of GvHD may be
difficult to determine. In addition, patients battling GvHD and who, therefore,
are candidates for treatment with Prochymal, are typically very ill as a result
of an underlying genetic or oncologic condition. Due to the graveness of their
underlying disease and the very serious complications and disorders that often
accompany acute GvHD, many of these patients will die from causes other than
GvHD prior to the completion of the study even if their GvHD responds favorably
to treatment with Prochymal. The resulting reduction in the number of patients
available for evaluation at the end of the study may make it more difficult for
us to demonstrate efficacy, as necessary to obtain FDA approval to market
Prochymal for commercial sale. 

 There are also no drugs or
therapies currently approved with stated indications for the regeneration of
meniscal tissue or the repair of heart muscle following heart attack. As a
result, the clinical endpoints for our biologic drug candidates Chondrogen and
Provacel may be difficult to determine. In the case of Prochymal for the
treatment of Crohn s Disease, there are other products approved for the
treatment of this disease, so it is expected that the clinical efficacy
endpoints for Prochymal for this indication will be 

30 

established
by comparison with these already approved treatments. In order to obtain FDA
approval for this indication, we will have to demonstrate, among other things,
that our biologic drug candidate is safe and effective. The results of our
clinical trials must be statistically significant, meaning that there must be
sufficient data to indicate that it is unlikely the outcome occurred by chance.
These challenges may prevent us from developing and commercializing products on
a timely or profitable basis, or at all. 

 Our biologic drug
candidates represent new classes of therapy that the marketplace may not
understand or accept. 

 Even if we
successfully develop and obtain regulatory approval for our biologic drug
candidates, the market may not understand or accept them. We are developing
biologic drug candidates that represent novel treatments and will compete with
a number of more conventional products and therapies manufactured and marketed
by others, including major pharmaceutical companies. The degree of market
acceptance of any of our developed and potential products will depend on a
number of factors, including: 

 the
clinical safety and effectiveness of Osteocel and our biologic drug candidates
and their perceived advantage over alternative treatment methods; 

 our
ability to demonstrate that Prochymal can have a clinically significant effect
on steroid refractory GvHD; 

 our
ability to separate ourselves from the ethical controversies associated with
stem cell drug candidates derived from human embryonic or fetal tissue; 

 ethical
controversies that may arise regarding the use of stem cells or human tissue of
any kind, including adult stem cells, adult bone marrow and other adult tissues
derived from donors, in the manufacture and sale for profit of Osteocel and our
biologic drug candidates; 

 adverse
events involving our biologic drug candidates or the products or product
candidates of others that are stem cell based; 

 our
ability to supply a sufficient amount of our product to meet regular and
repeated demand in order to develop a core group of medical professionals
familiar with and committed to the use of our products; and 

 the
cost of our products and the reimbursement policies of government and
third-party payors. 

 If the health care
community does not accept Osteocel or our potential products for any of the
foregoing reasons, or for any other reason, it could affect our sales, having a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

 The successful
commercialization of our biologic drug candidates, or any of our other
potential stem cell therapeutics, will depend on obtaining reimbursement from
third-party payors. 

 If we successfully develop and obtain necessary
regulatory approvals, we intend to sell our biologic drug candidates initially
in the United States and Europe. In the United States, the market for any
pharmaceutical product is affected by the availability of reimbursement from
third-party payors, such as government health administration authorities,
private health insurers, health maintenance organizations and pharmacy benefit
management companies. Stem cell therapies like Prochymal, Chondrogen and
Provacel may be expensive compared with standard pharmaceuticals, due to the
higher cost and complexity associated with the research, development and
production of stem cell therapies, the small size and large geographic
diversity of the target patient population for some indications, and the
complexity associated with distribution of stem cell therapies which require
special handling and shipment procedures and protocols. This, in turn, may make
it more difficult for us to obtain adequate reimbursement from third-party
payors, particularly if we cannot demonstrate a favorable cost-benefit
relationship. Third-party 

31 

payors may also deny
coverage or offer inadequate levels of reimbursement for our potential products
if they determine that the product has not received appropriate clearances from
the FDA or other government regulators or is experimental, unnecessary or
inappropriate. For example, patients battling GvHD and who, therefore, are
candidates for treatment with Prochymal, are typically very ill as a result of
an underlying genetic or oncologic condition. Because these patients have a low
probability of survival (whether or not their GvHD is successfully treated),
third-party payors may resist reimbursing the cost of treatment. 

 In the countries of Europe and in some other
countries, the pricing of prescription pharmaceutical products and services and
the level of government reimbursement are subject to governmental control. In
these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take
six to twelve months or longer after the receipt of marketing approval for
a product. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we
may be required to conduct one or more clinical trials that compares the cost
effectiveness of our biologic drug candidates or products to other available
therapies. Conducting one or more clinical trials would be expensive and result
in delays in commercialization of our products. 

 Managing and reducing
health care costs has been a general concern of federal and state governments
in the United States and of foreign governments. Although we do not believe
that any recently enacted or presently proposed legislation should impact our
business, we might be subject to future regulations or other cost-control
initiatives that materially restrict the price we receive for our products. In
addition, third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price and
cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, and many limit
reimbursement for newly approved health care products. In particular,
third-party payors may limit the indications for which they will reimburse
patients who use any products that we may develop. Cost control initiatives
could decrease the price for products that we may develop, which would result
in lower product revenues to us. 

 Our dependence upon
a limited supply of adult marrow-rich bone necessary to produce Osteocel may
impact our ability to produce Osteocel on a large scale. 

 The production of Osteocel
does not involve an expansion of MSCs and is therefore limited by the amount of
adult human marrow-rich bone donations that are available to us. Since the
introduction of Osteocel into the marketplace in July 2005, we have been
unable to obtain quantities of adult human marrow-rich bone sufficient to meet
the demand for Osteocel. Osteocel consists of primary, or unexpanded, MSCs in a
matrix of viable cancellous bone. Cancellous bone is the porous and spongy
inner structure of bones accounting for approximately 20 of total bone mass.
The bone and cells are derived from human organ and tissue donors. We rely on
the efforts of not-for-profit donor procurement agencies to educate the public
and foster an increased willingness to donate bone tissue. These organizations
may not be able to provide us with sufficient amounts of viable cancellous bone
to meet present or future demand for Osteocel. Our inability to secure enough
viable cancellous bone to meet our Osteocel demands could limit our ability to
successfully market and drive market acceptance of Osteocel and may limit our
potential revenues from Osteocel. 

 Our dependence upon
a limited supply of bone marrow donors may impact our ability to produce
sufficient quantities of our biologic drug candidates as necessary to complete
our clinical trials, and if our trials are successful, to meet product demand. 

 The population of
acceptable bone marrow donors is limited to volunteers between the ages of 18
and 30. In addition, potential donors are prescreened for a variety of health
conditions and are only allowed to donate bone marrow a total of six times in
their lifetime, further limiting the total number of potential donors. The
amount of bone marrow donated may be insufficient for us to mass produce our
biologic drug candidates. Future government regulation or health concerns may
also reduce the number of donors or otherwise limit the amount of bone marrow
available to us. If we cannot secure quantities of bone marrow 

32 

sufficient
to meet the manufacturing demands for our clinical trials, we might not be able
to complete our clinical trials and obtain marketing approval for our biologic
drug candidates. Moreover, even if our clinical trials are successful and we
obtain marketing approval for our biologic drug candidates, our inability to
secure enough bone marrow to meet product demand would limit our potential
revenues. 

 Osteocel and our
biologic drug candidates are derived from human tissue and bone marrow sources
and therefore have the potential for disease transmission. 

 The utilization of
donated adult human cancellous bone and bone marrow creates the potential for
transmission of communicable disease, including but not limited to human
immunodeficiency virus, or HIV, viral hepatitis, syphilis, Creutzfeldt-Jakob
disease, or the human form of mad cow disease, and other viral, fungal or
bacterial pathogens. Although we are required to comply with federal and state
regulations intended to prevent communicable disease transmission, and our
suppliers of adult human bone and bone marrow are also required to comply with
such regulations in connection with their collection, storage and supply to us: 

 we
or our suppliers may fail to comply with such regulations; 

 even
with compliance, our products might nevertheless be viewed by the public as
being associated with transmission of disease; and 

 a
patient that contracts an infectious disease might assert that the use of our
products resulted in disease transmission, even if the patient became infected
through another source. 

 Any actual or alleged
transmission of communicable disease could result in patient claims,
litigation, distraction of management s attention and potentially increased
expenses. Further, any failure in screening, whether by us or other
manufacturers of similar products, could adversely affect our reputation, the
support we receive from the medical community and overall demand for our
products. As a result, such actions or claims, whether or not directed at us,
could have a material adverse effect on our reputation with our customers and
our ability to market our products, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 We have only
limited experience manufacturing Osteocel and our biologic drug candidates. We
may not be able to manufacture Osteocel in quantities sufficient to expand our
market for the product and may not be able to manufacture our biologic drug
candidates in quantities sufficient for later stage clinical studies or for
commercial sale. 

 We may encounter difficulties in the production of
Osteocel and our biologic drug candidates due to our manufacturing capabilities.
We have not built commercial-scale manufacturing facilities, and we have
limited manufacturing experience with Osteocel and our biologic drug
candidates. These difficulties could reduce sales of our products, increase our
costs or cause production delays, any of which could damage our reputation and
hurt our profitability. Even if we were to obtain access to quantities of adult
marrow-rich bone sufficient to allow us otherwise to expand our Osteocel
manufacturing capabilities, we may not be able to produce sufficient quantities
of the product at an acceptable cost, or at all. 

 If we successfully obtain marketing approval for one
of our biologic drug candidates, we may not be able to produce sufficient
quantities of the product at an acceptable cost. Commercial-scale production of
therapies made from live human mesenchymal stem cells involves production in
small batches and strict adherence to complex manufacturing and storage
protocols and procedures. Our biologic drug candidates are inherently more difficult
to manufacture at commercial-scale than chemical pharmaceuticals, which are
manufactured using precise chemical formulations and operational methods. 

33 

We use third-party
collaborators to help us develop and commercialize our products, and our
ability to commercialize such products may be impaired or delayed if
collaborations are unsuccessful. 

 We have
arrangements in place with third-party collaborators as a means to help us with
research and development efforts or marketing and distribution. For example: 

 we
currently sell a large majority of our Osteocel product through a distribution
arrangement with Blackstone Medical, Inc., which sells this product under
the Blackstone brand Trinity 

 we
have a collaboration with Boston Scientific Corporation for cardiovascular
applications of our MSC technology; and 

 we
have a collaboration with JCR Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. granting to JCR an
exclusive right to Prochymal for the treatment of GvHD in Japan. 

 Although we have no
current intention to do so, we may enter into additional collaborations in the
future. We are dependent upon the success of our current and any future
collaborators in performing their responsibilities and their continued
cooperation. Our collaborators may not cooperate with us or perform their
obligations under our agreements with them. We cannot control the amount and
timing of our collaborators resources that will be devoted to performing their
responsibilities under our agreements with them. Our collaborators may choose
to pursue alternative technologies in preference to those being developed in
collaboration with us. The development and commercialization of our potential
products will be delayed if collaborators fail to conduct their
responsibilities in a timely manner or if they breach or terminate their
collaboration agreements with us. Disputes with our collaborators could result
in product development delays, decreased revenues and litigation expenses. In
addition, because our products may be marketed under a different brand name by
our collaborators, as is the case in our relationship with Blackstone, should
the relationship be terminated for any reason, our product recognition could be
adversely impacted, affecting our product and potentially causing brand
confusion in the market. 

 We are dependent
upon third-party suppliers for services and raw materials needed for the
manufacture, and we are dependent upon third parties for the distribution, of
Osteocel and our biologic drug candidates. If any of these third parties fail
or are unable to perform in a timely manner, our ability to manufacture and
deliver will be compromised. 

 In order to produce our biologic drug candidates for
use in clinical studies, and to produce Osteocel and any other of our biologic
drug candidates that may be approved for commercial sale, we require biological
media, reagents and other highly specialized materials. This is in addition to
the adult marrow-rich bone donations used in the manufacture of Osteocel, and
the bone marrow aspirate used in the manufacture of our biologic drug
candidates. These items must be manufactured and supplied to us in sufficient
quantities and in compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices, or
cGMP. To meet these requirements, we have entered into supply agreements with
firms that manufacture these components to cGMP standards. Our requirements for
these items are expected to increase if and when we transition to the manufacture
of commercial quantities of our biologic drug candidates. 

 In addition, as we proceed with our clinical trial
efforts, we must be able to demonstrate to the FDA that we can manufacture our
biologic drug candidates with consistent characteristics. Accordingly, we are
materially dependent on these suppliers for supply of cGMP-grade components of
consistent quality. Our ability to complete ongoing clinical trials may be
negatively affected in the event that we are forced to seek and validate a
replacement source for any of these critical components. If we are not able to
obtain adequate supplies of these items of consistent quality from our
third-party suppliers, it will also be more difficult to manufacture commercial
quantities of Osteocel or any of our current biologic drug candidates that may
subsequently be approved for commercial sale. 

34 

In addition, we rely on
third parties to distribute Osteocel and, if approved, our biologic drug
candidates. Proper shipping and distribution requires compliance with specific
storage and shipment procedures. For example, our products must be placed in a
freezer within 72 hours of shipment. Failure to comply with these
procedures or the occurrence of inadvertent damage to the shipping container
will necessitate return and replacement, potentially resulting in additional
cost and causing us to fail to meet supply requirements. 

 Use of third-party
manufacturers may increase the risk that we will not have adequate quantities
of our biologic drug candidates. 

 We have used
third-party manufacturers to supply our biologic drug candidates for clinical
trials. Reliance on third-party manufacturers entails risks to which we would
not be subject if we manufactured such components ourselves, including: 

 reliance
on the third party for regulatory compliance and quality assurance; 

 the
possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party; and 

 the
possible termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party, based
on its own business priorities, at a time that is costly or inconvenient for
us. 

 Our contract manufacturers are subject to all of the
risks and uncertainties that we have when we manufacture on our own. Similar to
us, they are subject to ongoing, periodic, unannounced inspection by the FDA
and corresponding state and foreign agencies or their designees to ensure
strict compliance with cGMP regulations and other governmental regulations and
corresponding foreign standards. However, we do not control compliance by our
contract manufacturers with these regulations and standards. Our present or
future manufacturers might not be able to comply with these regulatory
requirements. If our third-party manufacturers fail to comply with applicable
regulations, the FDA or other regulatory authorities could impose sanctions on
us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, denial of marketing approval
of our biologic drug candidates, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals,
license revocation, seizures or recalls of biologic drug candidates or our
other products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions. Any of these
actions could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our biologic drug
candidates or other products and could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 We have contracted with
BioWhittaker (recently acquired by Lonza) to manufacture quantities of our stem
cell drug candidates for our clinical trials. In addition, we are negotiating
with a second contract manufacturing company, to supply us with biologic drug
product. If we are unable to successfully negotiate this agreement or if these
contract manufacturers are unable to supply sufficient product in a timely
manner, we could experience shortages of clinical trial materials which would
negatively impact our ability to complete our clinical trials and obtain
marketing approval for the commercial sale of our biologic drug candidates. If
one or both of these contract manufacturers is unable to ramp up production
sufficiently, we may also not be able to meet anticipated market demand in the
future. 

 If our processing
and storage facility or our clinical manufacturing facilities are damaged or
destroyed, our business and prospects would be negatively affected. 

 If our processing and storage facility or the
equipment in the facility were to be significantly damaged or destroyed, we
could suffer a loss of some or all of the stored units of our biologic drug candidates
and it would force us to halt our clinical trial processes. 

 We have a manufacturing facility located in Baltimore,
Maryland at which we produce and store stem cells for our clinical trials and
Osteocel prior to sale. If this facility or the equipment in it is
significantly damaged or destroyed, we may not be able to quickly or
inexpensively replace our manufacturing capacity. 

35 

This facility is located
on the Baltimore harbor, and in September 2003 it was flooded by Hurricane
Isabel. This event resulted in a temporary suspension of our manufacturing
operations. In the event of another temporary or protracted loss of this
facility or equipment, we may be able to transfer manufacturing to a third
party, but the shift would likely be expensive, and the timing would depend on
availability of third-party resources and the speed with which we could have a
new facility comply with the necessary regulatory requirements. Such an event
could halt our clinical trials and distribution of Osteocel due to a lack of available
product. 

 We entered into an agreement to sublease approximately
61,203 square feet of space in Columbia, Maryland beginning August 2006,
and plan to begin manufacturing our biologic drug candidates in this facility
in the fourth quarter of 2007. 

 Currently, we maintain
insurance coverage totaling 12.3 million against damage to our property
and equipment, an additional 4.0 million to cover business interruption
and extra expenses, and 5.6 million to cover R D restoration expenses.
If we have underestimated our insurance needs, we will not have sufficient
insurance to cover losses above and beyond the limits on our policies. 

 Ethical and other
concerns surrounding the use of stem cell therapy or human tissue may
negatively affect public perception of us or our products or biologic drug
candidates, or may negatively affect regulatory approval of our products or
biologic drug candidates, thereby reducing demand for our products and
adversely affecting the market price for our common stock. 

 The commercial success of Osteocel and our biologic
drug candidates will depend in part on general public acceptance of the use of
stem cell therapy and donated human tissue for the prevention or treatment of
human diseases. The use of embryonic stem cells and fetal tissue for research
and stem cell therapy has been the subject of substantial national and
international debate regarding related ethical, legal and social issues. In the
U.S., for example, federal government funding of embryonic stem cell research
has been limited to specifically identified cell lines and is not otherwise
available. We do not use embryonic stem cells or fetal tissue, but the public
may not be able to, or may fail to, differentiate our use of adult stem cells
from the use by others of embryonic stem cells or fetal tissue. This could
result in a negative perception of our company or our products or biologic drug
candidates. 

 We obtain our stem cells from volunteer adult bone
marrow donors and we obtain cancellous human bone for the production of
Osteocel from non-profit organizations that collect and process human organ and
tissue donations. Bone marrow donors receive payment, but payment is not
received by either human organ and tissue donors or their surviving family
members. Ethical concerns have been raised by some about the use of donated
human tissue in a for-profit setting, as we are doing. 

 Future adverse events in
the field of stem cell therapy or changes in public policy could also result in
greater governmental regulation of our products and biologic drug candidates
and potential regulatory delays relating to the testing or approval of our
biologic drug candidates. 

 We compete with
other companies for funding and product sales. Many of our competitors have
greater resources or capabilities than we have, or may already have or succeed
in developing better products or in developing products more quickly than we
do, and we may not compete successfully with them. 

 The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are
highly competitive. We compete for funding and, if our products become
available for commercial sale, we will compete in the market place. For
funding, we compete primarily with other companies which, like us, are focused
on developing novel products or therapies for the treatment of human disease
based on stem cells or other novel scientific principles. These include Aastrom
Biosciences, Advanced Cell Technology, Athersys, Cellerant Therapeutics,
Cognate Therapeutics, Cytori Therapeutics, Gamida Cell, Geron, Mesoblast,
MultiCell Technologies, Neuronyx, Theradigm, ViaCell, and StemCells. 

36 

In the marketplace, we compete or may eventually
compete with other companies and organizations that are marketing or developing
therapies for our targeted disease indications, based on traditional pharmaceutical,
medical device or other, non-cellular therapy and technologies. These include:
Johnson Johnson, the manufacturer of CELLECT for the repair of
bone, which competes with Osteocel; Medtronic and Stryker, the manufacturers of
InFuse and OP-1, respectively, which compete with Osteocel; Novartis, the
manufacturer of Neoral for the prevention of organ rejection in transplant
patients, which would compete with Prochymal for the treatment of GvHD; and
Johnson Johnson, the manufacturer of Remicade , and Abbott, the
manufacturer of Humira, which would compete with Prochymal for the treatment of
Crohn s Disease. In addition to those listed above, we have other potential
competitors developing a variety of therapeutics. 

 We also face competition in the cell therapy field
from academic institutions and governmental agencies. Many of our current and
potential competitors have greater financial and human resources than we have,
including more experience in research and development and more established sales,
marketing and distribution capabilities. 

 We anticipate that
competition in our industry will increase. In addition, the health care
industry is characterized by rapid technological change, resulting in new
product introductions and other technological advancements. Our competitors may
develop and market products that render our current product or any future
product non-competitive or otherwise obsolete. 

 The use of our stem
cell therapies in human subjects may expose us to product liability claims, and
we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance. 

 We face an inherent
risk of product liability claims. Neither Osteocel nor any of our biologic drug
candidates has been widely used over an extended period of time, and therefore
our safety data are limited. We derive the raw materials for manufacturing
Osteocel and our biologic drug candidates from human donor sources, the
manufacturing process is complex, and the handling requirements are specific,
all of which increase the likelihood of quality failures and subsequent product
liability claims. We will need to increase our insurance coverage if and when
we begin commercializing our biologic drug candidates. We may not be able to
obtain or maintain product liability insurance on acceptable terms with
adequate coverage or at all. If we are unable to obtain insurance, or if claims
against us substantially exceed our coverage, then our business could be
adversely impacted. Whether or not we are ultimately successful in any product
liability litigation, such litigation could consume substantial amounts of our
financial and managerial resources and could result in: 

 significant
awards against us; 

 substantial
litigation costs; 

 recall
of the product; 

 injury
to our reputation; 

 withdrawal
of clinical trial participants; and 

 adverse
regulatory action. 

 Any of these results could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

37 

Risks Related to
Intellectual Property 

 If our patent
position does not adequately protect Osteocel, our biologic drug candidates or
any future products, others could compete against us more directly, which would
harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
and results of operations. 

 Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to
obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our biologic drug
candidates. The patent position of biotechnology companies is generally highly
uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has been the subject
of much litigation. Neither the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office nor the courts
has a consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed or the degree
of protection afforded under many biotechnology patents. 

 The claims of our existing U.S. patents and those that
may issue in the future, or those licensed to us, may not confer on us
significant commercial protection against competing products. Third parties may
challenge, narrow, invalidate or circumvent any patents we own or may obtain in
the future. Our patents on MSC technology, in particular, are quite broad in
that they cover mesenchymal stem cells and the therapeutic use thereof. Patents
with broad claims tend to be more vulnerable to challenge by other parties than
patents with more narrowly written claims. Also, our pending patent
applications may not issue, and we may not receive any additional patents.
Further, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our intellectual
property rights to the same extent as do laws of the United States. Our patents
might not contain claims that are sufficiently broad to prevent others from
utilizing our technologies. Consequently, our competitors may independently
develop competing products that do not infringe our patents or other
intellectual property. We have filed a patent application covering the
composition of matter and methods of manufacture of our commercially available
product, Osteocel. This patent has not yet issued and there can be no
assurances that it will ever issue. Osteocel is different from our other
biologic drug candidates in that it contains primary, or unexpanded, MSCs in a
matrix of cancellous bone. Because we do not have a granted patent specifically
directed to Osteocel, and because FDA approval is generally not required for
tissue based products like Osteocel, competitors might choose to enter this
market and produce a substantially similar product that is not covered by a
granted patent, whereby we may not be able to prevent the marketing and sale of
any such similar products by others. Should others produce a substantially
similar product, we will be subject to increased competition and our potential
revenues from Osteocel sales may be limited. 

 Because of the extensive
time required for development, testing and regulatory review of a potential
product, it is possible that, before any of our products can be commercialized,
any related patent may expire or remain in force for only a short period
following commercialization, thereby reducing any advantages of the patent. For
instance, one of our base patents on MSC technology will expire in 2013. To the
extent our biologic drug candidates based on that technology are not
commercialized significantly ahead of this date, or to the extent we have no
other patent protection on such products, those products would not be protected
by patents beyond 2013. The background technologies used in the development of
our biologic drug candidates are known in the scientific community, and it is
possible to duplicate the methods we use to create our biologic drug
candidates. 

 If we are unable to
protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information and know-how, our
competitive position would be impaired and our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

 A significant amount of our technology, especially
regarding manufacturing processes, is unpatented and is maintained by us as
trade secrets. In an effort to protect these trade secrets, we require our
employees, consultants, collaborators and advisors to execute confidentiality
agreements upon the commencement of their relationships with us. These
agreements require that all confidential information developed by the
individual or made known to the individual by us during the course of the individual s 

38 

relationship with us be
kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties. These agreements,
however, may not provide us with adequate protection against improper use or
disclosure of confidential information, and these agreements may be breached.
For example, a portion of the manufacture of Osteocel is protected by trade
secrets. A breach of confidentiality could affect our competitive position. In
addition, in some situations, these agreements may conflict with, or be subject
to, the rights of third parties with whom our employees, consultants,
collaborators or advisors have previous employment or consulting relationships.
Also, others may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary
information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets. 

 Adequate remedies may not
exist in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential
information. The disclosure of our trade secrets would impair our competitive
position and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

 If we infringe or
are alleged to infringe intellectual property rights of third parties, it will
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Our research, development and commercialization
activities, including any biologic drug candidates or products resulting from
these activities, may infringe or be claimed to infringe patents owned by third
parties and to which we do not hold licenses or other rights. There may be
applications that have been filed but not published that, when issued, could be
asserted against us. These third parties could bring claims against us that
would cause us to incur substantial expenses and, if successful against us,
could cause us to pay substantial damages. Further, if a patent infringement
suit were brought against us, we could be forced to stop or delay research,
development, manufacturing or sales of the product or biologic drug candidate
that is the subject of the suit. 

 For example, we are aware of patents owned by third
parties that are directed toward mesenchymal stem cells and the use thereof.
Our preliminary research suggests that our biologic drug candidates, upon
commercialization, would not infringe a valid claim of these patents. However, our
review of these patents is still at an early stage, and our views are subject
to change. 

 As a result of patent infringement claims, or in order
to avoid potential claims, we may choose or be required to seek a license from
the third party. These licenses may not be available on acceptable terms, or at
all. Even if we are able to obtain a license, the license would likely obligate
us to pay license fees or royalties or both, and the rights granted to us might
be nonexclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the
same intellectual property. Ultimately, we could be prevented from
commercializing a product, or be forced to cease some aspect of our business
operations, if, as a result of actual or threatened patent infringement claims,
we are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. All of the issues
described above could also impact our collaborators, which would also impact
the success of the collaboration and therefore us. 

 There has been substantial
litigation and other proceedings regarding patent and other intellectual
property rights in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. In addition
to infringement claims against us, we may become a party to other patent
litigation and other proceedings, including interference proceedings declared
by the United States Patent and Trademark Office and opposition proceedings in
the European Patent Office, regarding intellectual property rights with respect
to our products and technology. For example, the patent that was granted to us
in Europe for human mesenchymal stem cells has been opposed in the European
Patent Office by two different companies. A hearing date for the opposition has
not been set, and the losing party has the right to appeal the initial
decision. If we do not prevail in the opposition proceedings, we will not have
broad patent protection with respect to mesenchymal stem cells in Europe. The
outcome of the proceedings is uncertain at this time. The cost to us of any
patent litigation or other proceeding, even if resolved in our favor, could be
substantial. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such
litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their 

39 

substantially
greater financial resources. Patent litigation and other proceedings may also
absorb significant management time. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation
and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a
material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace and, as a
result, on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 We may become
involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our
collaborators or licensors, which could be expensive and time consuming. 

 Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of
our collaborators or licensors. As a result, we may be required to file
infringement claims to counter infringement or unauthorized use. This can be
expensive, particularly for a company of our size, and time-consuming. In addition,
in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is not
valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the
technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover its
technology. An adverse determination of any litigation or defense proceedings
could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or
interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not
issuing. We are aware of several companies that are employing mesenchymal stem
cell technology in their research and product development efforts. If such
companies commercialize such products, there is no assurance that we would have
a basis for initiating patent infringement proceedings or that if initiated we
would prevail in such proceedings. 

 Interference proceedings brought by the U.S. Patent
and Trademark Office may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions
with respect to our patent applications or those of our collaborators or
licensors. Litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if
successful, may result in substantial costs and distraction to our management.
We may not be able, alone or with our collaborators and licensors, to prevent
misappropriation of our proprietary rights, particularly in countries where the
laws may not protect such rights as fully as in the United States. 

 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of
discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there
is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by
disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, during the course of
this kind of litigation, there could be public announcements of the results of
hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If investors
perceive these results to be negative, the market price for our common stock
could be significantly harmed. 

 Risks Related to
Regulatory Approval and Other Government Regulations 

 If we are not able
to successfully develop and commercialize our biologic drug candidates and
obtain the necessary regulatory approvals, we may not generate sufficient
revenues to continue our business operations. 

 In order to generate sales revenue from our biologic
drug candidates, we must conduct extensive preclinical studies and clinical
trials to demonstrate that our biologic drug candidates are safe and effective
and obtain required regulatory approvals. Our early stage biologic drug
candidates may fail to perform as we expect. Moreover, our biologic drug
candidates in later stages of development may fail to show the desired safety
and efficacy traits despite having progressed successfully through preclinical
or initial clinical testing. We will need to devote significant additional
research and development, financial resources and personnel to develop
commercially viable products and obtain the necessary regulatory approvals. 

 If our biologic drug candidates do not prove to be
safe and efficacious in clinical trials, we will not obtain the required
regulatory approvals. If we fail to obtain such approvals, we may not generate
sufficient revenues to continue our business operations. 

40 

Even if we obtain
regulatory approval of a product, that approval may be subject to limitations
on the indicated uses for which it may be marketed. Even after granting
regulatory approval, the FDA and regulatory agencies in other countries
continue to review and inspect marketed products, manufacturers and
manufacturing facilities, which may create additional regulatory burdens. Later
discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, manufacturer or
facility, may result in restrictions on the product or manufacturer, including
a withdrawal of the product from the market. Further, regulatory agencies may
establish additional regulations that could prevent or delay regulatory
approval of our products. 

 We cannot market
and sell our biologic drug candidates in the United States or in other
countries if we fail to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals or licensure. 

 We cannot sell our biologic drug candidates until
regulatory agencies grant marketing approval, or licensure. The process of
obtaining regulatory approval is lengthy, expensive and uncertain. It is likely
to take two to three years or more to obtain the required regulatory approvals
for our lead stem cell biologic drug candidate, Prochymal, or we may never gain
the necessary approvals. Any difficulties that we encounter in obtaining
regulatory approval may have a substantial adverse impact on our operations and
cause our stock price to decline significantly. Moreover, because our biologic
drug candidates are all based on a single platform technology, MSCs, any
adverse events in our clinical trials for one of our biologic drug candidates
could negatively impact the clinical trials and approval process for our other
biologic drug candidates. 

 To obtain marketing approvals in the United States for
MSC products, for instance, we must, among other requirements, complete
carefully controlled and well-designed clinical trials sufficient to
demonstrate to the FDA that the biologic drug candidate is safe and effective
for each disease for which we seek approval. Several factors could prevent
completion or cause significant delay of these trials, including an inability
to enroll the required number of patients or failure to demonstrate adequately
that MSCs are safe, effective and potent for use in humans. Negative or
inconclusive results from or adverse medical events during a clinical trial
could cause the clinical trial to be repeated or a program to be terminated,
even if other studies or trials relating to the program are successful. The FDA
can place a clinical trial on hold if, among other reasons, it finds that
patients enrolled in the trial are or would be exposed to an unreasonable and
significant risk of illness or injury. If safety concerns develop, we or the
FDA could stop our trials before completion. Some participants in our MSC
clinical trial have experienced serious adverse events, four of which have been
determined to be possibly related to MSCs and one of which has been determined
to be probably related. A serious adverse event is an event that results in
significant medical consequences, such as hospitalization, disability or death,
and must be reported to the FDA. We cannot assure you that safety concerns
regarding MSCs will not develop. 

 The pathway to regulatory
approval for MSCs may be more complex and lengthy than for approval of a new
conventional drug. Similarly, to obtain approval to market our stem cell
products outside of the United States, we will need to submit clinical data
concerning our products and receive regulatory approval from governmental
agencies, which in certain countries includes approval of the price we intend
to charge for our product. We may encounter delays or rejections if changes
occur in regulatory agency policies during the period in which we develop a
biologic drug candidate or during the period required for review of any
application for regulatory agency approval. If we are not able to obtain
regulatory approvals for use of our biologic drug candidates under development,
we will not be able to commercialize such products, and therefore may not be
able to generate sufficient revenues to support our business. 

41 

If we are not able
to conduct our clinical trials properly and on schedule, marketing approval by
FDA and other regulatory authorities may be delayed or denied. 

 The completion of
our clinical trials may be delayed or terminated for many reasons, including,
but not limited to, if: 

 the
FDA does not grant permission to proceed and places the trial on clinical hold; 

 subjects
do not enroll in our trials at the rate we expect; 

 subjects
experience an unacceptable rate or severity of adverse side effects; 

 third-party
clinical investigators do not perform our clinical trials on our anticipated
schedule or consistent with the clinical trial protocol, Good Clinical Practice
and regulatory requirements, or other third parties do not perform data
collection and analysis in a timely or accurate manner; 

 inspections
of clinical trial sites by the FDA or Institutional Review Boards (IRBs) of
research institutions participating in our clinical trials, find regulatory
violations that require us to undertake corrective action, suspend or terminate
one or more sites, or prohibit us from using some or all of the data in support
of our marketing applications; or 

 one
or more IRBs suspends or terminates the trial at an investigational site,
precludes enrollment of additional subjects, or withdraws its approval of the
trial. 

 Our development costs will
increase if we have material delays in our clinical trials, or if we are required
to modify, suspend, terminate or repeat a clinical trial. If we are unable to
conduct our clinical trials properly and on schedule, marketing approval may be
delayed or denied by FDA. 

 We may not be able
to secure and maintain research institutions to conduct our clinical trials. 

 We rely on research
institutions to conduct our clinical trials. Specifically, the limited number
of bone marrow transplant centers further heightens our dependence on such
research institutions for the Phase III Prochymal trial. Our reliance upon
research institutions, including hospitals and clinics, provides us with less
control over the timing and cost of clinical trials and the ability to recruit
subjects. If we are unable to reach agreement with suitable research institutions
on acceptable terms, or if any resulting agreement is terminated, we may be
unable to quickly replace the research institution with another qualified
institution on acceptable terms. We may not be able to secure and maintain
suitable research institutions to conduct our clinical trials. 

 Final marketing
approval of our biologic drug candidates by the FDA or other regulatory
authorities for commercial use may be delayed, limited, or denied, any of which
would adversely affect our ability to generate operating revenues. 

 Any of the
following factors may cause final marketing approval for our biologic drug
candidates to be delayed, limited or denied: 

 our
biologic drug candidates require significant clinical testing to demonstrate
safety and effectiveness before applications for marketing approval can be
filed with the FDA; 

 data
obtained from preclinical and nonclinical animal testing and clinical trials
can be interpreted in different ways, and the FDA may not agree with our
interpretations; 

 it
may take many years to complete the testing of our biologic drug candidates,
and failure can occur at any stage of the process; 

 negative
or inconclusive results or adverse side effects during a clinical trial could
cause us to delay or terminate development efforts for a biologic drug
candidate; and 

42 

commercialization
may be delayed if the FDA requires us to expand the size and scope of the
clinical trials. 

 If marketing approval for
our biologic drug candidates is delayed, limited or denied, our ability to
market products, and our ability to generate product sales, would be adversely
affected. 

 Should the FDA
decide that Osteocel does not meet the appropriate regulatory requirements, we
will be required to stop production, which will have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 The FDA has developed a
tiered, risk-based regulatory framework, which includes criteria for facility
management, quality assurance, donor selection, and processing of human cells,
tissues, and cellular and tissue based products. We believe that commercial
sale of Osteocel does not require pre-market approval by the FDA because we
believe that it meets the regulatory definition of human cells, tissue, and
cellular and tissue-based products, or HCT/Ps. However, should the FDA decide
that Osteocel does not meet the regulatory definition of HCT/Ps, we will not be
able to produce and sell Osteocel until we obtain FDA approval, which could
take years to obtain and which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Producing and
marketing an approved drug or other medical product is subject to significant
and costly post-approval regulation. 

 It is likely that
Prochymal, if approved based on our currently contemplated Phase III
trial, will receive conditional approval by the FDA, and we will be required to
conduct Phase IV clinical trials to obtain full approval. Even if we obtain
full approval of a product, that approval is subject to limitations on the
indicated uses for which we can market it. After granting marketing approval,
the FDA and regulatory agencies in other countries continue to review and
inspect marketed products, manufacturers and manufacturing facilities, creating
additional regulatory burdens. Later discovery of previously unknown problems
with a product, manufacturer or facility may result in restrictions on the
product or manufacturer, including a withdrawal of the product from the market.
Further, regulatory agencies may establish additional regulations that could
prevent or delay marketing approval of our products. 

 Our business
involves the use of hazardous materials that could expose us to environmental
and other liability. 

 We have facilities in
Maryland that are subject to various local, state and federal laws and
regulations relating to safe working conditions, laboratory and manufacturing
practices, the experimental use of animals and the use and disposal of
hazardous or potentially hazardous substances, including chemicals, micro-organisms
and various radioactive compounds used in connection with our research and
development activities. In the United States, these laws include the
Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Toxic Test Substances Control Act and
the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. We cannot assure you that
accidental contamination or injury to our employees and third parties from
hazardous materials will not occur. We do not have insurance to cover claims
arising from our use and disposal of these hazardous substances other than
limited clean-up expense coverage for environmental contamination due to an
otherwise insured peril, such as fire. 

 We may not be able
to obtain or maintain Orphan Drug designation for our biologic drug candidates. 

 Some jurisdictions, including
Europe and the United States, may designate drugs for relatively small patient
populations as orphan drugs. Although the FDA and it s European counterpart,
EMFA have designated Prochymal for the treatment of steroid refractory GvHD as
an orphan drug, none of our other biologic drug candidates have received such
designation. Orphan Drug designation does not convey any 

43 

advantage
in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process, but
does make the product eligible for orphan drug exclusivity, reduced filing fees
and specific tax credits. Generally, if a company receives the first marketing
approval for a product with an Orphan Drug designation in the clinical
indication for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan
drug exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity means that the health authorities
will not approve another application to market the same drug for the same
indication, except in limited circumstances, for a period of seven years in the
United States and ten years in Europe. This exclusivity, however, could block
the approval of our biologic drug candidates if a competitor obtains marketing
approval before us. Even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for any of our
biologic drug candidates, we may not be able to maintain it. For example, if a
competitive product is shown to be clinically superior to our product, any
orphan drug exclusivity we have will not block the approval of such competitive
product. 

 The Fast Track
designation for development of any of our products may not lead to a faster
development or regulatory review or approval process, and it does not increase
the likelihood the biologic drug candidate will receive marketing approval. 

 If a drug is intended for
the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and the drug
demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for this condition,
the drug sponsor may apply for FDA Fast Track designation for a particular
indication. Marketing applications filed by sponsors of products in Fast Track
development may qualify for priority review under the policies and procedures
offered by the FDA, but the Fast Track designation does not assure any such
qualification. Although we have obtained a Fast Track designation from the FDA
for Prochymal for the treatment of GvHD and treatment refractory Crohn s
Disease, receipt of Fast Track designation may not result in a faster
development process, review or approval compared to drugs considered for
approval under conventional FDA procedures. In addition, the FDA may withdraw
our Fast Track designation at any time. If we lose our Fast Track designation,
the approval process may be delayed. In addition, our Fast Track designation
does not guarantee that we will qualify for or be able to take advantage of the
expedited review procedures and does not increase the likelihood that Prochymal
will receive regulatory approval for the treatments of steroid refractory GvHD
or Crohn s Disease. 

 Risks Related to
Our Common Stock 

 The trading price
of the shares of our common stock could be highly volatile, and purchasers of
our common stock could incur substantial losses. 

 Our stock price is
volatile. The stock market in general and the market for biotechnology
companies in particular have experienced extreme volatility that has often been
unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result of
this volatility, investors may not be able to sell their common stock at or
above the price they paid for it. The market price for our common stock may be influenced
by many factors, including: 

 results
of clinical trials of our biologic drug candidates or those of our competitors; 

 regulatory
developments in the United States and foreign countries; 

 variations
in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar
to us; 

 changes
in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 

 announcements
by us of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or
capital commitments; 

 market
conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors and issuance of
securities analysts reports or recommendations; 

44 

sales
of substantial amounts of our stock by existing stockholders; 

 sales
of our stock by insiders and 5 stockholders; 

 general
economic, industry and market conditions; 

 additions
or departures of key personnel; 

 intellectual
property, product liability or other litigation against us; 

 expiration
or termination of our relationships with our collaborators; and 

 the
other factors described in this Risk Factors section. 

 In addition, in the past,
stockholders have initiated class action lawsuits against biotechnology and
pharmaceutical companies following periods of volatility in the market prices
of these companies stock. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could
cause us to incur substantial costs and divert management s attention and
resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

 Concentration of
ownership of our common stock among our existing executive officers, directors
and principal stockholders may prevent new investors from influencing
significant corporate decisions. 

 Our executive officers, directors and beneficial
owners of 5 or more of our common stock and their affiliates, in aggregate,
beneficially own approximately 50 of our outstanding common stock as of December 31,
2006. These persons, acting together, will be able to significantly influence
all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election and removal
of directors and any merger or other significant corporate transactions. The
interests of this group of stockholders may not coincide with our interests or
the interests of other stockholders. 

 In addition, Peter
Friedli, our Chairman of the Board of Directors, and certain entities with
which he is affiliated, beneficially own approximately 47 of our outstanding
common stock as of December 31, 2006. Accordingly, Mr. Friedli
currently has, and will continue to have, a significant influence over the outcome
of all corporate actions requiring stockholder approval. 

 Certain provisions
of Delaware law and of our charter documents contain provisions that could
delay and discourage takeover attempts and any attempts to replace our current
management by stockholders. 

 Certain provisions
of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and applicable provisions of
Delaware corporate law, may make it more difficult for or prevent a third party
from acquiring control of us or changing our Board of Directors and management.
These provisions include: 

 the
ability of our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other
rights or preferences; 

 the
inability of stockholders to act by written consent; 

 a
classified Board of Directors with staggered three-year terms; 

 requirements
that special meetings of our stockholders may only be called by the chairman of
our Board of Directors, upon request of stockholders holding at least 20 of
our capital stock issued and outstanding, or upon a resolution adopted by, or
an affirmative vote of, a majority of our Board of Directors; and 

 requirements
that our stockholders comply with advance notice procedures in order to
nominate candidates for election to our Board of Directors or to place
stockholders proposals on the agenda for consideration at meetings of
stockholders. 

45 

We will also be afforded the protections of Section 203
of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which will prevent us from engaging in
a business combination with a person who acquires at least 15 of our common
stock for a period of three years from the date such person acquired such
common stock, unless advance board or stockholder approval was obtained. 

 Any delay or prevention of
a change of control transaction or changes in our Board of Directors or
management could deter potential acquirors or prevent the completion of a
transaction in which our stockholders could receive a substantial premium over
the then current market price for their shares. 

 Item 1B. UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS 

 Not Applicable 

 Item 2. PROPERTIES 

 Our corporate headquarters
are currently located in Baltimore, Maryland, where we lease approximately
118,000 square feet, currently at a rent of approximately 1.1 million per
annum. This lease expires in September 2008. We have an option to renew
this lease through 2023 and have not made a decision regarding the exercise of
our renewal options. Since August 2006, we have subleased approximately
61,000 square feet of space in Columbia, Maryland at a rent of approximately
 0.8 million per annum. This sublease expires in May 2009. We have
also entered into a direct lease with the owner of the facility that will
become effective upon expiration of the sublease. This direct lease terminates
in July 2016 and includes options to extend the term of the lease for two
additional five-year periods. We moved our administrative offices to the
Columbia facility in March 2007, and during the fourth quarter of 2007 we
expect to move our manufacturing facilities for our biologic drug candidates to
the Columbia building. Our tissue manufacturing facilities will remain in
Baltimore. 

 Item 3. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS 

 Lawsuits and claims are
filed against us from time to time in the ordinary course of our business,
including without limitation, challenges to our intellectual property positions.
We do not believe that any lawsuits or claims, or proceedings, currently
pending against us, individually or in the aggregate, are material, or will
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or business. 

 Item 4. SUBMISSION
OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

 No matters were submitted
to a vote of our security holders during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31,
2006. 

 Item 5. MARKET
FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 Market Information 

 Our Common Stock began
trading on the NASDAQ Global Market on August 4, 2006 under the symbol OSIR .
The following table sets forth, the high and low sales prices for the Common
Stock, as reported by the NASDAQ Global Market, during the periods indicated. 

High 

Low 

Fiscal Year Ended
 December 31, 2006 

Fourth Quarter 

27.93 

10.00 

46 

Stockholders 

 As of March 7, 2007,
there were approximately 1,023 stockholders of record or our Common Stock and,
according to our estimates, approximately 1,726 beneficial owners of the Common
Stock. 

 Dividends 

 We have not paid dividends
to our stockholders since our inception and we do not plan to pay cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain earnings, if
any, to finance our growth. 

 Unregistered Sales
of Securities 

 On October 30, 2006, the Company issued an
aggregate of 20 million in convertible promissory notes, placed by
Friedli Corporate Finance, Inc., as further described in Item 2.03 of our
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission on October 30, 2006, which is incorporated herein
by reference. 

 From January 1,
2006 through December 31, 2006, we sold and issued the following
unregistered securities without the involvement of underwriters or placement
agents: 

 (a) In April 2006, we issued 6,250 restricted shares of
our common stock to our non-employee medical director as compensation. Twenty-five
percent of these shares vest immediately and the balance vest ratably over the
following three years. 

 (b) In January 2006,
we issued 12,500 shares of our common stock to a non-management director in
connection with his successful fundraising activities during 2005. 

 (c) In April 2006,
we issued 10,000 shares of our common stock to non-management directors as
compensation. 

 (d) In June 2006,
we issued 307 shares of our common stock to a former non-management director as
compensation. 

 (e) In May 2006,
we issued warrants to purchase 1,000,000 shares of our common stock, with an
exercise price equal to the initial public offering price of 11.00 per share,
to a non-management director. These warrants expire five years after grant. 

 (f) In September 2006, options to purchase an aggregate
of 95,000 shares of our common stock were exercised by two of our executive
officers under our Amended and Restated 1994 Stock Incentive Plan. 

 The sale and issuance of the securities described in
paragraphs (a) through (e) above were issued in reliance upon the
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act as set forth
in Section 4(2) under the Securities Act and Rule 506 of
Registration D promulgated there under relating to sales by an issuer not
involving any public offering, to the extent an exemption from such
registration was required. The purchasers of our securities described above
represented to us in connection with their purchase that they were accredited
investors and were acquiring the shares for investment and not distribution,
that they could bear the risks of the investment and could hold the securities
for an indefinite period of time. The purchasers received written disclosures
that the securities had not been registered under the Securities Act and that
any resale must be made pursuant to a registration or an available exemption
from such registration. The sales of these securities were made without general
solicitation or advertising. 

 The sale and issuance of
the securities described in paragraph (f) above were issued were issued in
reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act as set forth in 

47 

Section 4(2) under
the Securities Act, and as set forth in Rule 701 promulgated thereunder in
that they were offered and sold pursuant to a written compensatory benefit
plan, as provided in Rule 701. 

 Issuer Purchase of
Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

 There were no repurchases by us of our securities
during fiscal 2006. 

 On August 4, 2006, we sold 3,500,000 shares of
our common stock in our initial public offering at the price to the public of
 11.00 per share. The offer and sale of all of the shares in the offering were
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to a
registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-13407),
which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 3,
2006. The underwriters of the offering were Jefferies Company, Inc.,
Lazard Capital Markets, LLC and Leerink Swann Co., Inc. There
were no selling stockholders in the offering. 

 We registered 3,500,000 shares of our common stock in
connection with the initial public offering and the aggregate offering amount
was 38.5 million. We paid approximately 2.7 million in underwriting discounts
and commissions to the underwriter. We also incurred other expenses in
connection with the offering of approximately 1.4 million, including
registration fees, accounting and legal, printing and engraving and other
expenses. 

 None of the underwriting discounts and commissions or
offering expenses were incurred or paid to directors or officers of ours or their
associates, to persons owning 10 percent or more of our common stock or to any
affiliates or ours. 

 After deducting the underwriting discounts and
commissions and these other estimated offering expenses, our net proceeds from
the offering were approximately 34.4 million. We deposited the net proceeds in
two highly rated financial institutions in the United States. 

 There has been no material
change in our planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering as
described in our final prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). Between August 3, 2006 and December 31,
2006, we used approximately 10.5 million of the net proceeds to fund our
operating activities, including activities relating to the development of our
biologic drug candidates and for working capital, capital expenditures,
repayment of debt and other general corporate purposes. During this period, our
research and development expenses comprised approximately 94 of our operating
expenses. The remaining approximately 23.9 million in net proceeds remains on
deposit in two highly rated financial institutions in the United States. At December 31,
2006, we had 39.2 million in cash and short-term investments. 

48 

Stock Performance
Graph 

 The following graph shows the cumulative total return,
assuming the investment of 100 on August 4, 2006 (based upon the closing
price of our common stock on August 4, 2006, the first day of trading on
the NASDAQ Global Market), on an investment in each of the Company s common
stock, the NASDAQ Composite Index (U.S. and Foreign) and the NASDAQ
Biotechnology Index. The comparisons in the table are required by the SEC and
are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of
the Company s common stock. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

 The information required by Item 201(d) of
Regulation S-K, pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Item 5, is incorporated
by reference to the information set forth under the caption Equity
Compensation Plan Information in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2007
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is anticipated to be filed pursuant to
Regulation 14A no later than one hundred twenty (120) days following the end of
the fiscal year reported on. 

49 

Item 6. SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA 

 We
derived the selected financial data presented below for the periods or dates
indicated from our financial statements. Our financial statements for these
periods were audited by Stegman Company, an independent registered
public accounting firm. You should read the data below in conjunction with our
financial statements, related notes and other financial information appearing
in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2002 

2003 

2004 

2005 

2006 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Statement of Operations Data: 

Product sales 

957 

8,291 

Cost of goods
 sold 

444 

3,697 

Gross profit 

513 

4.594 

Revenue from
 collaborative research licenses and grants 

1,217 

3,981 

3,911 

3,013 

1,181 

Operating
 expenses: 

Research and development 

11,206 

18,639 

11,888 

16,927 

37,590 

General and administrative and other 
 expenses 

4,096 

4,467 

1,704 

2,294 

8,459 

Total operating expenses 

15,302 

23,106 

13,592 

19,221 

46,049 

Loss from operations 

(14,085 

(19,125 

(9,681 

(15,695 

(40,274 

Interest expense,
 net 

(5,033 

(605 

(847 

(4,300 

(4,685 

Net loss 

(19,118 

(19,730 

(10,528 

(19,995 

(44,959 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

(8.69 

(3.60 

(1.19 

(2.23 

(2.70 

Weighted average shares of common stock used in
 computing basic and diluted net loss per share 

2,201 

5,475 

8,814 

8,959 

16,663 

At December 31, 

2002 

2003 

2004 

2005 

2006 

Balance Sheet Data: 

Cash and
 short-term investments 

394 

1,339 

488 

43,371 

39,181 

Working capital 

(34,495 

(5,314 

(7,893 

38,103 

33,166 

Total assets 

8,525 

9,748 

5,972 

51,014 

49,168 

Notes payable,
 less current portion 

245 

179 

7,519 

47,411 

25,000 

Mandatorily
 redeemable convertible preferred stock 

64,267 

Convertible
 preferred stock 

13,000 

15,243 

32,746 

Accumulated
 deficit 

(92,291 

(112,021 

(122,549 

(142,544 

(187,503 

Total stockholders 
 equity (deficit) 

(26,476 

(5,563 

(13,004 

(73,662 

11,287 

50 

Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

2006 

Total revenues 

1,400 

1,987 

2,841 

3,244 

Product sales 

1,105 

1,689 

2,539 

2,958 

Cost of goods sold 

489 

762 

1,113 

1,333 

Research and development expenses 

4,368 

10,922 

9,242 

13,058 

General and administrative expenses and fees 

1,138 

1,209 

5,300 

812 

Net loss 

(5,121 

(11,605 

(15,565 

(12,668 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 

(0.56 

(1.27 

(0.75 

(0.46 

2005 

Total revenues 

385 

1,339 

1,285 

961 

Product sales 

284 

673 

Cost of goods sold 

220 

224 

Research and development expenses 

2,657 

3,592 

3,464 

7,214 

General and administrative expenses and fees 

752 

487 

554 

501 

Net loss 

(3,868 

(2,740 

(4,678 

(8,055 

Net loss per
 common share, basicand diluted 

(0.43 

(0.38 

(0.52 

(0.88 

Earning per share are
calculated on a quarterly basis and may not be additive to year-to-date
amounts. 

 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Overview 

 We are a leading stem cell therapeutic company focused
on developing and marketing products to treat medical conditions in the
inflammatory, orthopedic and cardiovascular areas. Our marketed product,
Osteocel, and our biologic drug candidates utilize mesenchymal stem cells, or
MSCs. In July 2005, we launched Osteocel for regenerating bone in
orthopedic indications. We currently have five clinical trials ongoing. We are
currently enrolling patients in a Phase III clinical trial for Prochymal, our
lead biologic drug candidate, for the treatment of steroid refractory Graft
versus Host Disease, or GvHD. We were recently given clearance to conduct a
Phase III trial using Prochymal to treat Crohn s Disease. In addition, we have
two other clinical stage biologic drug candidates, Chondrogen for regenerating
cartilage in the knee, and Provacel for repairing heart tissue following a heart
attack. We have developed stem cell capabilities in research and development,
manufacturing, marketing and distribution. We manufacture Osteocel and clinical
batches of our biologic drug candidates. We, together with AlloSource,
distribute Osteocel in orthopedic indications and jointly distribute Osteocel
with Blackstone Medical, Inc., a division of Orthofix International, N.V.,
for spinal procedures. 

 We have incurred annual
operating losses since inception and expect to incur substantial operating
losses in the future in connection with the development of our core products.
As of December 31, 2006, we had an accumulated deficit of 187.5 million. 

51 

Financial
Operations Overview 

 Revenue 

 Osteocel is our only commercial product. Sales of
Osteocel generated revenue of approximately 8.3 million for the year
ended December 31, 2006. In prior years, we have entered into strategic
agreements with other companies for the development and commercialization of
select stem cell biologic drug candidates for specific indications and
geographic markets. In 2003, we entered into an agreement with a major
pharmaceutical company relating to the development of our cardiac biologic drug
candidate, and we received a 5.0 million fee for licensing the use of our
technology. This fee is being recognized as revenue over a 63-month period,
 1.0 million of which was recognized in 2006 and 2005. Also in 2003, we
entered into an agreement with a foreign pharmaceutical company granting it
exclusive rights to Prochymal for the treatment of GvHD in Japan. We recognized
 0.5 million of revenue during 2005 related to this agreement. 

 Historically, we have also recognized revenue from
governmental grants for research and in 2005, we recorded 1.4 million in grant
revenues from three separate grants. Revenue from research grants is recognized
as the related research expenditures are incurred. During 2006, we did not have
any active government grants and we presently do not expect to solicit
governmental grants in the future. 

 Other than Osteocel, we
have no commercial products for sale. A substantial portion of our revenue in
the future will be dependent on the approval and sale of our biologic drug
candidates. Our revenue may vary substantially from quarter to quarter and from
year to year. We believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of
operations are not meaningful and should not be relied upon as indicative of
our future performance. 

 Cost of Goods Sold 

 Our cost of goods sold
relate to direct costs of producing Osteocel, which we launched in
July 2005. Cost of goods sold consist primarily of the costs of obtaining
tissue and other chemicals and supplies, direct labor and allocated costs of
our facilities and overhead. 

 Research and
Development Costs 

 Our research and development costs consist of expenses
incurred in identifying, developing and testing biologic drug candidates. These
expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses for personnel, fees
paid to professional service providers for independent monitoring and analysis
of our clinical trials, costs of contract research and manufacturing, costs of
facilities, and the costs of manufacturing clinical batches of biologic drug
candidates, quality control supplies and material to expand biologic drug
candidates. 

 Consistent with our focus on the development of
biologic drug candidates with potential uses in multiple indications, many of
our costs are not attributable to a specifically identified product. We use our
employee and infrastructure resources across several projects. Accordingly, we
do not account for internal research and development costs on a
project-by-project basis. As a result, we cannot state precisely the total
costs incurred for each of our clinical and preclinical projects on a
project-by-project basis. From inception through December 31, 2006, we
incurred aggregate research and development costs of approximately 183
million. 

 We expect our
research and development expenses to increase substantially in the future, as
we expand our clinical trial activity, as our biologic drug candidates advance
through the development cycle and as we invest in additional product
opportunities and research programs. Clinical trials and preclinical studies
are time-consuming and expensive. Our expenditures on current and future
preclinical and clinical development programs are subject to many uncertainties.
We test our products in several preclinical 

52 

studies,
and we then conduct clinical trials for those biologic drug candidates that we
determine to be the most promising. As we obtain results from clinical trials,
we may elect to discontinue or delay trials for some biologic drug candidates
in order to focus our resources on more promising biologic drug candidates.
Completion of clinical trials may take several years or more, but the length of
time generally varies substantially according to the type, size of trial and
intended use of a biologic drug candidate. The cost of clinical trials may vary
significantly over the life of a project as a result of a variety of factors,
including: 

 the number of patients who
participate in the trials; 

 the number of sites
included in the trials; 

 the length of time required
to enroll trial participants; 

 the duration of patient
treatment and follow-up; 

 the costs of producing
supplies of the biologic drug candidates needed for clinical trials and
regulatory submissions; 

 the efficacy and safety
profile of the biologic drug candidate; and 

 the costs and timing of,
and the ability to secure, regulatory approvals. 

 As a result of the
uncertainties discussed above, we are unable to determine with any significant
degree of certainty the duration and completion costs of our research and
development projects or when and to what extent we will generate revenues from
the commercialization and sale of any of our biologic drug candidates. 

 General and
Administrative Expenses 

 General and administrative expenses consist primarily
of the costs associated with our general management, including salaries,
allocations of facilities and related costs, and professional fees such as
legal and accounting expenses. In anticipation of and since the closing of our
initial public offering in August 2006, we began to incur increases in our
general and administrative expense for legal and accounting compliance costs,
investor relations and other activities associated with operating as a publicly
traded company. Continued increases will also likely result from additional the
hirings of operational, financial, accounting, facilities engineering and
information systems personnel. 

 Interest and Other
Income (Expense), Net 

 Interest income consists
of interest earned on our cash and short-term investments. Interest expense
consists of interest incurred on capital leases and other debt financings. We
pay interest on our bank loan, capital leases and our convertible long-term
debt. 

 Income Taxes 

 We have not recognized any
deferred tax assets or liabilities in our financial statements since we cannot
assure their future realization. Because realization of deferred tax assets is
dependent upon future earnings, a full valuation allowance has been recorded on
the net deferred tax assets, which relate primarily to net operating loss and
research and development carry-forwards. In the event that we become profitable
within the next several years, we have net deferred tax assets of approximately
 70 million that may be utilized prior to us having to recognize any income tax
expense or make payments to the taxing authorities. Utilization of our net
operating loss carry-forwards in any one year may be limited however, and we
could be subject to the alternative minimum tax. 

53 

Critical Accounting
Policies 

 General 

 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which we have
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make
estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including
those related to revenue recognition, deferred tax assets, stock-based
compensation, and contingencies. We base our estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable. These results
form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and
liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

 We believe that the
following critical accounting policies reflect our more significant judgments
and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 

 Revenue Recognition 

 Our revenue recognition policies are governed by the
Securities and Exchange Commission s, or 
SEC, Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101, Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements , as amended by
SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104, Revenue
Recognition . 

 We have one commercial product on the market. We
recognize revenue on sales when legal title to the product has passed to the
customer, which is usually when the product is shipped from our Baltimore,
Maryland facilities. We have agreements with our customers that specify the
terms of sale, including price. 

 Revenues from collaborative agreements and grants are
recognized as earned upon either the incurring of reimbursable expenses
directly related to the particular research plan or the completion of certain
development milestones as defined within the terms of the collaborative
agreement. Payments received in advance of research performed are designated as
deferred revenue. We recognize non-refundable upfront license fees and certain
other related fees on a straight-line basis over the development period. Fees
associated with substantive at risk, performance based milestones are
recognized as revenue upon their completion, as defined in the respective
agreements. Incidental assignment of technology rights is recognized as revenue
at the time of receipt. 

 Milestone payments that are based on designated
achievement points and that are considered at risk and substantive at the
inception of the collaboration are recognized as earned when the corresponding
payment is considered reasonably assured. We evaluate whether milestone
payments are at risk and substantive based on the contingent nature of the
milestone, specifically reviewing factors such as the technological and
commercial risk that must be overcome and the level of the investment required.
Milestone payments that are not considered at risk and substantive are
recognized, when achieved, in proportion to the percentage of the collaboration
completed through the date of achievement. The remainder of the milestone
payment is recognized as services are performed over the remaining term of the
collaboration. 

 Royalties for the use of our MSCs for clinical
research purposes are recognized when earned, however, such amounts have not
been material and are not expected to be material in the future. Additionally,
we may receive royalty payments under our collaborative arrangements upon sales
of product. 

54 

We evaluate all
collaborative agreements on a quarterly basis to determine the appropriate
revenue recognition for that period. The evaluation includes all of the
potential revenue components from each specific collaborative agreement. 

 Accounts Receivable 

 Our accounts receivable
are reported at their net realizable value. As of December 31, 2006 and
2005, there was no allowance for doubtful accounts as we believe the reported
amounts are fully collectible. During the year ended December 31, 2006, we
recognized 3 of bad debt expense. We did not recognize any bad debt expense
for the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004. Accounts receivable
balances are not collateralized. 

 Stock-Based
Compensation 

 Prior to January 1, 2006, as permitted by the
provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards, SFAS, No. 148, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation Transition
and Disclosure, and SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, our employee stock
option plan was accounted for under Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25,
APB 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees. We grant qualified stock options for a fixed number of
shares to employees and directors with an exercise price equal to the fair
market value of the shares at the date of grant. Prior to January 1, 2006,
in these circumstances and in accordance with APB 25, we recognized no
compensation expense for qualified stock option grants. We have issued some
non-qualified stock options for a fixed number of shares to employees and
directors with an exercise price less than the fair market value of the shares
at the date of grant. As such options vest, we will recognize the difference
between the exercise price and fair market value at date of grant as
compensation expense in accordance with APB 25. For share-grants of common
stock to directors, we record the intrinsic value of the shares granted based
upon the estimated fair value on the date of grant. 

 In December 2004,
FASB issued SFAS No. 123(R) (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment. This Statement is a
revision of SFAS No. 123, Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation. This Statement supersedes APB 25 and
its related implementation guidance. We adopted SFAS No. 123(R) on January 1,
2006, and now expense stock options using a fair-value method in our statement
of operations. Adoption of the expensing requirements has increased our net
loss. See Stock-Based Compensation in Note 6 of our financial statements
for disclosures regarding the effect on net earnings and earnings per share if
we had applied the fair value recognition provisions of SFAS No. 123(R) prior
to January 1, 2006. We use the modified prospective method. Under this
method, compensation cost is recognized beginning with the effective date of
adoption (a) based on the requirements of SFAS 123(R) for all
share-based payments granted after the effective date of adoption and (b) based
on the requirements of SFAS 123(R) for all awards granted to
employees prior to the effective date of adoption that remain unvested on the
date of adoption. We currently utilize the Black-Scholes option pricing model
to estimate the fair value. The Black-Scholes model meets the requirements of
SFAS 123(R), but the fair values generated by the model may not be
indicative of the actual fair values of our stock-based awards. 

 Significant New
Accounting Pronouncements 

 In May 2005, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB issued SFAS No. 154, Accounting Changes and Error
Corrections, a replacement of APB Opinion No. 20 and FASB Statement No. 3.
SFAS No. 154 requires retrospective application to prior periods 
financial statements for changes in accounting principle, unless it is
impracticable to determine either the period-specific effects or the cumulative
effect of the change. SFAS No. 154 also requires that a change in
depreciation, amortization, or depletion method for long-lived, non-financial
assets be accounted for as a change in accounting estimate affected by a change
in accounting principle. SFAS No. 154 is effective for accounting 

55 

changes and corrections of
errors made in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2005. The
implementation of SFAS No. 154 on January 1, 2006 did not have a
material impact on the results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

 In November 2005, FASB issued, FASB Staff
Position FSP FAS 115-1 and FAS 124-1, The meaning of
Other-than-Temporary Impairment and Its Application to Certain Investments FSP
115-1 which provides guidance on determining when investments in
certain debt and equity securities are considered impaired, whether that
impairment is other-than-temporary, and on measuring such impairment loss. FSP
115-1 also includes accounting considerations subsequent to the
recognition of an other-than temporary impairment and requires certain
disclosures about unrealized losses that have not been recognized as
other-than-temporary impairments. FSP 115-1 is effective for reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2005. Our adoption of FSP 115-1
on January 1, 2006 did not have a material impact on our results of
operations, financial position or cash flows. 

 In July 2006, FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, an interpretation of FASB No. 109 FIN 48 that clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes
recognized in accordance with SFAF 109, Accounting for Income Taxes. FIN 48
prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial
statement effects of a tax position when it is more likely than not of being
sustained on examination, based on the technical merits of the position. In
addition, FIN 48 indicates that the measurement of a tax position that meets
the more likely than not threshold shall consider the amounts and probabilities
of the outcomes that could be realized upon ultimate settlement. This
interpretation is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2006. We expect the impact of adopting FIN 48 to be immaterial. 

 In September 2006,
the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 108, Considering the
Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current
Year Financial Statements SAB 108 ). SAB 108 provides guidance on the
consideration of the effects of prior year misstatements in quantifying current
year misstatements for the purpose of determining whether the current year s
financial statements are materially misstated. SAB 108 is effective for fiscal
years ending after November 15, 2006. The implementation of SAB 108 did
not have a material impact on the results of operations, financial position or
cash flows. 

 Results Of
Operations 

 Comparison of Years
ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 

 Revenue 

 Total revenues increased
138 to 9.5 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2006,
compared to 4.0 million in the corresponding period in 2005. Our revenues
in 2006 resulted primarily from 8.3 million generated from the sale of
Osteocel and the recognition of 1.2 million in licensing fees and
royalties. In the twelve months ended December 31, 2005, we recognized
 1.0 million from the sale of Osteocel and 3.0 million in license fees
and grants. 

 Cost of Goods Sold 

 Cost of goods sold were
 3.7 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2006 compared
to 0.4 million in the prior year. The cost of goods sold associated with sales
of Osteocel was comprised of payments to tissue banks, direct labor costs and
the costs of processing, testing and preserving Osteocel, plus allocated costs
of our facilities and overhead. The gross margin on Osteocel sales for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2006 was 56 , compared with 54 for 2005. 

56 

Research and
Development Expenses 

 Research and development
expenses were approximately 37.5 million for the twelve months ended December 31,
2006 compared to 16.9 million in the prior year. The increase in research
and development expenses in 2006 reflects the increased number of clinical
trials in process versus the prior year. In 2006, we incurred costs associated
with the enrollment of a Phase II trial for Prochymal as an add-on therapy to
steroids for the first-line treatment of acute GvHD, a Phase II trial for
Prochymal for treatment of steroid refractory GvHD, a Phase II trial for
Prochymal for treatment of Crohn s Disease, a Phase I/II clinical trial for
Chondrogen, and a Phase I clinical trial for Provacel. 

 General and
Administrative Expenses 

 General and administrative
expenses were 4.4 million for the twelve months ended December 31,
2006 compared to 2.2 million in the prior year. The increase in 2006
includes 0.9 million of non-cash charges associated with the completion of our
initial public offering. Exclusive of these charges, general and administrative
expenses in 2006 were 3.5 million and the increase over the prior year was
attributable to additional personnel and related costs to support the company s
growth and costs incurred in connection with being a public company. 

 Related party
expenses 

 Fees paid to related
parties were 0.6 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2006
compared to 0.1 million in the prior year. In 2006, we recorded 3.5 million
in non-cash charges related to warrants issued to our chairman that were priced
and vested upon completion of our initial public offering and 0.2 million in
share-based compensation for stock awards for services of our board of
directors 

 Interest Expense,
Net 

 Interest expense, net was
 4.7 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2006 compared
to 4.3 million in the prior year. The 2006 costs include 2.7 million of
previously deferred debt financing costs and premiums associated with debt that
was converted into common stock upon the completion of our initial public
offering. Exclusive of these charges, net interest expense during 2006 was 2.0
million, a decrease of 2.3 million compared to 2005. This decrease is the
result of higher interest income related to the investment of the proceeds of
the initial public offering and the 21.8 million decrease in debt, which was
converted into common stock upon the completion of the initial public offering
in early August 2006. 

 Comparison of Years
ended December 31, 2005 and 2004 

 Revenue 

 Total revenues were 4.0 million for the year
ended December 31, 2005, compared to 3.9 million in the prior year.
Our revenues in 2005 resulted primarily from 1.0 million generated from
the sale of Osteocel which launched in July 2005, the recognition of
 1.0 million in licensing fees resulting from our agreement with Boston
Scientific for our cardiac technology, royalty fees of 0.5 million
recognized upon completion of the transfer of technology to JCR
Pharmaceuticals, and 1.4 million in revenues recognized upon completion
of work in furtherance of governmental grants. In 2004, we recognized
 2.0 million in license fees from JCR Pharmaceuticals for the future
distribution of our products in Japan, 0.9 million in licensing fees from
Boston Scientific, and 0.8 million relating to completion of work in
furtherance of our grants from the U.S. government. These grants were completed
during the second quarter of 2005. We do not expect that future grant revenue
will be significant. 

57 

Cost of Goods Sold 

 Cost of goods sold were
 0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2005 compared to none in
the prior year. We launched Osteocel in July 2005. The cost of goods sold
associated with sales of Osteocel was comprised of payments to tissue banks and
the costs of processing, testing and preserving Osteocel. 

 Research and
Development Expenses 

 Research and development
costs were approximately 16.9 million for the year ended December 31,
2005 compared to 11.9 million in the prior year. The increase in research
and development expenses in 2005 reflects the costs we incurred in the
initiation of a Phase II trial for Prochymal as an add-on therapy to steroids
for the first-line treatment of acute GvHD, a Phase II trial for Prochymal for
treatment of steroid refractory GvHD, a Phase I/II clinical trial for
Chondrogen, and a Phase I clinical trial for Provacel during the year. Of the
 16.9 million in 2005 research and development costs, approximately
 7.4 million is attributable to external research and clinical trials,
 3.9 million to the cost of science supplies including research materials
for cell manufacture, media and testing supplies, 3.4 million to payroll
and related expenses for personnel, and 2.2 million to facilities and
equipment costs. 

 General and
Administrative Expenses 

 General and administrative
expenses were 2.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2005
compared to 1.7 million in the prior year. The increase in general and
administrative expenses in 2005 compared to 2004 primarily reflects the costs
of our new management team. In the third quarter of 2004, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Operating Officer joined us and, in the fourth quarter of
2004, our Chief Financial Officer was hired. These three positions were
previously vacant. 

 Interest Expense,
Net 

 Interest expense, net was
 4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2005 compared to
 0.8 million in the prior year. The increase was attributable to a higher
average level of debt in 2005 than in the prior year. The non-cash portion of
our interest expense was 3.5 million in 2005 compared to
 0.5 million in 2004. 

 Liquidity and
Capital Resources 

 Liquidity 

 At December 31, 2006, we had 0.7 million in cash
and 38.5 million in short-term investments. In addition to the cash and
short-term investments, at December 31, 2006, we had drawn only
 5.0 million of the 50.0 million line of credit available for the
development of Provacel under a loan agreement with a large pharmaceutical company. This 5.0
million draw occurred in March 2004. In connection with this line of
credit, we have granted the pharmaceutical company a security interest in the
intellectual property, equipment and books and records involved in the
development, manufacture and distribution of Provacel. The pharmaceutical
company is also obligated to make additional investments in our Company and pay
licensing fees up to 45.0 million to us upon completion of certain
milestones. 

 In addition to the
 5.0 million balance on the line of credit, at December 31, 2006 our
debt included approximately 20.0 million of convertible promissory notes
due in 2009. 

 Cash Flows 

 Net cash used in operating activities was
 35.3 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2006 primarily
reflecting our net loss of 45.0 million, partially offset by
 5.7 million in non-cash interest 5.5 million in non-cash stock-based
compensation expense and 1.5 million in depreciation and 

58 

amortization. Other
long-term liabilities decreased by 1.9 million, reflecting the reclassification
of the accrued interest and principal on the 20.6 million convertible note
payable that was redeemed in October 2006. Net cash used for operating
activities was 14.6 million for the twelve months ended December 31,
2005. Net cash used in operating activities for 2005 primarily reflects our net
loss of 20.0 million, partially offset by 3.5 million in non-cash
interest expense. 

 Net cash provided by investing activities was 2.6
million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2006. Net cash used in
investing activity for the twelve months ended December 31, 2005 was 43.1
million. Net cash provided by investing activities in 2006 includes cash flows
from the sale of 40.1 million of short-term investment, largely offset by the
purchase of 35.8 million of short-term investments. In 2005, we purchased
 45.0 million of short-term investments during the year. Purchases of property
and equipment during 2006 were 1.7 million, including 0.5 million to build
out our new Columbia, Maryland facility. 

 Net cash provided by financing activities was 32.8
million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2006. Net cash provided
by financing activities was 57.8 million for the twelve months ended December 31,
2005 and consisted principally of 40.0 million in net proceeds from the
issuance of convertible notes and 21.4 million in net proceeds from the
issuance of common and preferred stock. The cash provided by financing
activities in 2006 was primarily from the proceeds of our initial public
offering in August 2006 and the issuance of 20.0 million of convertible
promissory notes in October 2006, which was offset by the redemption of
the 20.6 million convertible note, also in October 2006. 

 Capital Resources. 

 Our future capital
requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

 the level of cash flows
from Osteocel sales; 

 the scope and results of
our research and preclinical development programs; 

 the scope and results of
our clinical trials, particularly regarding the number of patients required for
our Phase III trial for Prochymal; 

 the timing of and the costs
involved in obtaining regulatory approvals for our biologic drug candidates,
which could be more lengthy or complex than obtaining approval for a new
conventional drug, given the FDA s limited experience with late-stage clinical
trials and marketing approval for stem cell therapeutics; 

 the costs of building and
operating our manufacturing facilities, both in the near term to support
Osteocel sales and our clinical activities and also in anticipation of
expanding our commercialization activities; 

 the costs of maintaining,
expanding and protecting our intellectual property portfolio, including
litigation costs and liabilities; 

 the costs of repaying our
debt; and 

 the costs of enlarging our
work force consistent with expanding our business and operations and status as
a public company, and as necessary to enhance and train our sales network in
anticipation of the approval of our biologic drug candidates for commercial
sale. 

 As a result of these factors, we may need or choose to
seek additional funding prior to our becoming cash flow positive on an
operational basis. We would likely seek such funding through public or private
financings or some combination of them. Although not our current focus, we
might also seek funding through collaborative arrangements if determined to be
necessary or appropriate. Additional funding may not be available to us on
acceptable terms, or at all. If we obtain capital through collaborative
arrangements, these arrangements could require us to relinquish rights to our
technologies or biologic 

59 

drug candidates. If we
raise capital through the sale of equity, or securities convertible into
equity, dilution to our then existing stockholders would result. If we raise
additional capital through the incurrence of debt, we would likely become
subject to covenants restricting our business activities, and holders of
debt instruments would have rights and privileges senior to those of our
equity investors. In addition, servicing the interest and repayment obligations
under these borrowings would divert funds that would otherwise be available to
support research and development, clinical or commercialization activities. 

 If we are unable to obtain adequate financing on a
timely basis, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one
or more of our programs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 We expect that our available cash and interest income,
including the availability under our line-of-credit, will be sufficient to
finance currently planned activities through early 2008. These estimates are
based on certain assumptions, which could be negatively impacted by the matters
discussed under Risk Factors. 

 If adequate funds are not
available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one
or more of our research and development programs, which may have a material
adverse affect on our business. See Risk Factors. 

 Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements. 

 We have no off-balance
sheet financing arrangements and we have not entered into any transactions
involving unconsolidated subsidiaries or special purpose entities. 

 Summary Disclosures
about Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments. 

 The
following table reflects a summary of our contractual cash obligations and
other commercial commitments as of December 31, 2006: 

Payment Due by Fiscal Year 

Less Than 

More Than 

Total 

1 Year 

Years 1 3 

Years 4 5 

5 Years 

Long-term debt 

25,049 

49 

20,000 

5,000 

Operating
 lease facilities 

9,952 

852 

2,910 

2,191 

3,999 

Capital
 leases facilities 

2,004 

1,124 

880 

Capital leases equipment 

20 

5 

15 

Interest payments 

9,340 

2,117 

4,002 

3,221 

Total contractual cash
 obligations 

46,365 

4,147 

27,807 

2,191 

12,220 

Item 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 Due to the short duration of our investment portfolio
and the high quality of our investments, an immediate 10 change in interest
rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our
portfolio. Therefore, we would not expect our operating results or cash flows
to be affected to any significant degree by the effect of a sudden change in
market interest rates on our securities portfolio. 

 We believe that the interest rate risk related to our
accounts receivable is not significant. We manage the risk associated with
these accounts through periodic reviews of the carrying value for
non-collectability and establishment of appropriate allowances in connection
with our internal controls and policies. 

 We do not enter into hedging or derivative instrument
arrangements. 

60 

Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Osiris Therapeutics, Inc. 

 Financial
Statements 

 INDEX 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm 

62 

Balance Sheets at December 31, 2006 and 2005 

63 

Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

64 

Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the
 years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 
 and 2004 

65 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

67 

Notes
 to Financial Statements 

69 

61 

REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
Osiris Therapeutics, Inc. 
Baltimore, Maryland 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Osiris Therapeutics, Inc. as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, and the
related statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2006. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 In our opinion, the
financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of Osiris Therapeutics, Inc. as of December 31,
2006 and 2005, and its results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended December 31, 2006, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 /s/ STEGMAN 
COMPANY 

 Baltimore, Maryland 
March 14, 2007 

62 

OSIRIS
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
BALANCE SHEETS 
(amounts in thousands) 

December 31, 

2006 

2005 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

714 

597 

Short-term investments 

38,467 

42,774 

Accounts receivable 

1,596 

974 

Inventory 

1,892 

101 

Other current assets 

966 

266 

Total current assets 

43,635 

44,712 

Property and equipment, net 

3,942 

3,792 

Restricted cash 

297 

190 

Deferred
 financing costs, net 

567 

2,050 

Other assets 

727 

270 

Total assets 

49,168 

51,014 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

8,339 

4,565 

Note payable, current portion 

49 

65 

Capital lease obligations, current portion 

1,129 

1,027 

Deferred revenue, current portion 

952 

952 

Total current liabilities 

10,469 

6,609 

Notes payable and long-term line-of-credit, net of
 current portion 

25,000 

47,411 

Capital lease
 obligations, net of current portion 

895 

2,024 

Deferred revenue,
 net of current portion 

397 

1,349 

Long-term
 interest payable and other liabilities 

1,120 

3,016 

Mandatorily
 redeemable convertible preferred stock Series D 3,750 shares designated,
 3,213 shares issued and outstanding in 2005 

64,267 

Total liabilities 

37,881 

124, 676 

Stockholders 
 equity (deficit): 

Convertible Preferred Stock, issuable in series,
 0.001 par value, 16,250 shares authorized, 12,250 shares designated and
 10,651 shares outstanding in 2005 

32,746 

Common stock, .001 par value, 90,000 shares
 authorized 27,321 and 9,098 shares outstanding in 2006 and 2005 

27 

9 

Additional paid-in-capital 

198,763 

36,127 

Accumulated deficit 

(187,503 

(142,544 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

11,287 

(73,662 

Total liabilities
 and stockholders equity (deficit) 

49,168 

51,014 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

63 

OSIRIS
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
(amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Product Sales 

8,291 

957 

Cost of goods sold 

3,697 

444 

Gross profit 

4,594 

513 

Revenue from collaborative research licenses and
 grants 

1,181 

3,013 

3,911 

Operating
 expenses: 

Research and development 

37,590 

16,927 

11,888 

General and administrative 

4,340 

2,229 

1,641 

Fees paid to
 related parties 

451 

65 

63 

Share-based
 payment to related party 

3,668 

Total operating expenses 

46,049 

19,221 

13,592 

Loss from operations 

(40,274 

(15,695 

(9,681 

Interest income
 (expense): 

Interest income 

2,069 

504 

25 

Interest expense 

(6,754 

(4,804 

(872 

Total interest expense, net 

(4,685 

(4,300 

(847 

Net loss 

(44,959 

(19,995 

(10,528 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

(2.70 

(2.23 

(1.19 

Weighted average
 common shares outstanding, in thousands 
 (basic and diluted) 

16,663 

8,959 

8,814 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

64 

OSIRIS THERAPEUTICS, INC. STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) (amounts in thousands, except for share data) 

Convertible 
 Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Additional 
 Paid-in 

Deferred 

Accumulated 

Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Compensation 

Deficit 

(Deficit) 

Balance at January 1, 2004 

2,545,454 

13,000 

8,748,703 

9 

93,708 

(259 

(112,021 

(5,563 

Exercise of options to purchase common stock 0.40
 to 0.80 per share) 

36,405 

16 

16 

Share based payment director services 0.40 per
 share) 

12,500 

5 

5 

Issuance of common stock to settle lawsuit 0.40 per
 share) 

93,750 

38 

38 

Issuance of common stock to settle debt 18.00 per 
 share) 

9.000 

162 

162 

Issuance of convertible preferred stock,
 Series C 4.50 per share) 

548,090 

2,243 

2,243 

Fair value of warrants issued in connection with
 financing arrangements 

400 

400 

Forfeiture of stock options 

(10 

10 

Amortization of deferred compensation from stock
 option grants 

67 

37 

104 

Write-off of stockholder loans receivable 

119 

119 

Net loss 

(10,528 

(10,528 

Balance at December 31, 
 2004 

3,093,544 

15,243 

8,900,358 

9 

94,386 

(93 

(122,549 

(13,004 

Exercise of options to purchase common stock 0.40
 to 0.80 per share) 

27,148 

12 

12 

Share-based payment director services 0.40 per
 share) 

45,000 

18 

18 

Conversion of restricted stock units to management
 0.40 per share) 

125,000 

50 

50 

Issuance of convertible preferred stock,
 Series E 2.50 per share) 

7,557,000 

17,503 

17,503 

Redemption premium on mandatorily redeemable
 convertible preferred stock, Series D, redeemable at 20.00 per share 

(58,305 

(58,305 

Deferred compensation from stock option grants 

247 

(247 

Forfeiture of stock options 

(17 

17 

Amortization of deferred compensation from stock
 option grants 

13 

46 

59 

Net loss 

(19,995 

(19,995 

65 

OSIRIS THERAPEUTICS, INC. STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) (Continued) (amounts in thousands, except for share data) 

Balance at December 31, 
 2005 

10,650,544 

32,746 

9,097,506 

9 

36,404 

(277 

(142,544 

(73,662 

Exercise of options to purchase common stock 0.40- 0.80
 per share) 

178,378 

73 

73 

Exercise of warrants to purchase common stock 0.40
 per share) 

875,000 

1 

349 

350 

Share-based payment director services 6.84 - 11.00
 per share) 

22,807 

198 

198 

Share-based payment consulting services 6.84 per
 share) 

6,250 

43 

43 

Reclassification due to adoption of new accounting
 standard 

(277 

277 

Initial public offering of common stock, net of
 offering costs 

3,500,000 

3 

34,399 

34,402 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock into common
 stock 

(10,650,544 

(32,746 

2,833,914 

3 

32,743 

Conversion of mandatorily redeemable preferred stock
 into common stock 

8,033,388 

8 

64,259 

64,267 

Conversion of convertible notes payable into common 
 stock 

2,774,076 

3 

25,320 

25,323 

Share-based payment employee compensation 

1,725 

1,725 

Share-based payment related party 

3,527 

3,527 

Net loss 

(44,959 

(44,959 

Balance
 at December 31, 
 2006 

27,321,319 

27 

198,763 

(187,503 

11,287 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

66 

OSIRIS THERAPEUTICS, INC. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (amounts in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Cash flows from operating
 activities: 

Net loss 

(44,959 

(19,995 

(10,528 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

1,546 

1,515 

1,790 

Non cash share-based payments 

5,494 

109 

104 

Stockholder loan write-off 

119 

Non cash interest expense 

5,653 

3,497 

523 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

(622 

(913 

(1,102 

Inventory and other current assets 

(2,491 

(276 

14 

Other assets 

(457 

(120 

47 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

3,374 

1,875 

(1,789 

Deferred revenue 

(952 

(952 

(2,952 

Long-term interest and other liabilities 

(1,896 

640 

(562 

Net cash used in operating activities: 

(35,310 

(14,620 

(12,132 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

(1,696 

(338 

(50 

Proceeds from sale of short-term investments 

40,112 

2,200 

Purchase of short-term investments 

(35,805 

(44,974 

Net cash provide by (used in) investing activities 

2,611 

(43,112 

(50 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Principal payments on capital lease obligations and
 notes payable 

(21,692 

(1,000 

(845 

Restricted cash 

(107 

23 

22 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

20,000 

39,957 

9,690 

Proceeds from the issuance of common and preferred
 stock, net of offering costs 

34,824 

21,360 

2,464 

Payment of debt financing costs 

(209 

(2,499 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

32,816 

57,841 

11,331 

Net increase in cash 

117 

109 

(851 

Cash at beginning
 of year 

597 

488 

1,339 

Cash at
 end of year 

714 

597 

488 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements. 

67 

OSIRIS THERAPEUTICS, INC. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (amounts in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Supplemental disclosure of cash
 flows information: 

Cash paid for interest 

1,260 

448 

349 

Cash paid for taxes 

Supplemental
 schedule of non cash investing and financing activities: 

Conversion of notes payable to common stock 

21,762 

Conversion of related parties notes payable to
 Series D Mandatorily Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

2,350 

Conversion of accrued interest into common stock 

3,558 

Conversion of related party convertible notes
 payable accrued interest and premium into Series D Mandatorily
 Redeemable Convertible 
 Preferred Stock 

355 

Common stock issued to settle lawsuit 

38 

Common stock issued to settle debt 

162 

Share-based payment related party for financing
 services 

3,527 

Redemption
 premium on Series D Mandatorily Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

58,305 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

68 

OSIRIS THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 AND 2006 
(amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data) 

 1. Initial
Public Offering, Non-Cash Charges and Reverse Stock Split 

 On August 9, 2006, we consummated our initial
public offering, consisting of 3,500,000 shares of common stock at a public
offering price of 11.00, resulting in net proceeds to us of approximately
 34.4 million (after deducting payment of underwriters discounts and
commissions, as well as offering expenses). Our common stock began trading on
the NASDAQ Global Market on August 4, 2006. 

 In connection with the initial public offering, the
Company effected a 1-for-4 reverse stock split of the issued and
outstanding common stock. Information relating to common stock and common
stock-equivalents set forth in this report (including the share numbers in the
preceding paragraph) have been restated to reflect this split for all periods
presented. Upon consummation of the initial public offering, all outstanding
shares of the Class I, Series 2003, Series B, Series C, Series E
and the Mandatorily Redeemable Series D convertible preferred stock were
converted into an aggregate of 10,867,302 shares of our common stock. In
addition, approximately 21.8 million of our convertible notes payable,
together with accrued interest, were converted into an aggregate of 2,774,076
shares of our common stock. 

 Immediately following the initial public offering, we
had 27,198,307 shares of common stock outstanding. 

 We incurred 7.0 million in non-cash charges relating
to the completion of the initial public offering. Included in General and
Administrative expenses is a charge of 0.8 million for stock-based
compensation related to the accelerated vesting of certain employee stock
options pursuant to employment agreements. We also recognized a 3.5 million
share-based payment to related party related to warrants that were priced upon
the completion of the initial public offering and 0.2 million in share-based
compensation for stock awarded to our directors for service on our board.
Interest expense includes 2.7 million in previously deferred financing costs
and premiums that were expensed as a result of debt that was converted into
common stock at the completion of the initial public offering. 

 In the fourth quarter of
2006, we incurred 0.7 million in non-cash interest expense as a result of the
early redemption of debt, as discussed more fully in Note 4. 

 2. Description
of Business and Significant Accounting Policies 

 Description of business 

 Osiris Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company is a
Delaware corporation headquartered in Baltimore, Maryland. We began operations
on December 23, 1992. The Company is a clinical stage biotechnology
company founded to commercialize stem cell products from adult bone marrow. We
launched our first commercial product in July 2005. Our operations consist
primarily of research, development and clinical activities to bring our
biologic drug candidates to the marketplace and efforts to secure adequate
capital for anticipated growth and operations. Prior to 2005, we presented our
financial statements as a development stage company. 

 We are dependent upon the registration of our core
products for sale before we can expand our commercial operations. We expect to
submit product applications for approval with the United States Food and Drug
Administration FDA in the future and plan to continue to seek additional
equity and debt financing as the need arises. We believe our long-term cash position
is inadequate to fund all of the 

69 

costs associated with the
full range of testing and clinical trials required by the FDA for our core
products. We expect that our available cash and interest income, including the
availability under our line-of-credit, will be sufficient to finance currently
planned activities through early 2008.. We have several research collaboration
agreements that provide funding. 

 No assurance can be given
that (i) we will be able to expand our operations prior to FDA approval of
our biologic drug candidates, or (ii) that FDA approval will ever be
granted for our biologic drug candidates. 

 Use of estimates 

 The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and
accompanying notes. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making those
assumptions, actual results could differ from those estimates. We believe that
the most significant estimates that affect our financial statements are those
that relate to revenue recognition, deferred tax assets, and stock-based
compensation. 

 Short-term investments 

 Short-term investments
consist primarily of investment grade auction rate certificates with maturities
of less than three months. Short-term investments are valued at cost, which
approximates their fair value. 

 Accounts Receivable 

 Our accounts receivable
are reported at their net realizable value. As of December 31, 2006 and
2005, there was no allowance for doubtful accounts as we believe the reported
amounts are fully collectible. During the year ended December 31, 2006, we
recognized 3 of bad debt expense. We did not recognize any bad debts expense
in 2005. Accounts receivable balances are not collateralized. 

 Inventory 

 We commenced sales of our
first commercial product in July 2005 and began carrying inventory on our
balance sheet thereafter. Inventory consists of tissue products in process and
available for distribution. We determine our inventory values using the
first-in, first-out method. Inventory of supplies purchased to manufacture of
biologic drug candidates and manufactured biologic drug candidate doses are
presently used exclusively for research and development activities, including
clinical trials. These items are expensed as incurred, consistent with our
accounting for all other research and development costs. 

 Property and equipment 

 We record property and
equipment, including improvements that extend useful lives, at cost, while
maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. We calculate
depreciation using the straight-line method based on estimated useful lives
ranging from three to seven years for furniture, equipment and internal use
software. We amortize leasehold improvements and assets under capital leases
over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease term. 

 Valuation of long-lived assets 

 We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an
asset or group of assets may not be fully recoverable. These events or changes
in circumstances may include a significant deterioration of operating results,
changes in business plans, or changes in anticipated future cash flows. If an
impairment indicator is present, we evaluate recoverability 

70 

by a comparison of the
carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows we expect
the assets to generate. We group assets at the lowest level for which there is
identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows
generated by other asset groups. If the total of the expected undiscounted
future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment
loss is recognized for the difference between the fair value and carrying value
of assets. Fair value is generally determined by estimates of discounted cash
flows. The discount rate used in any estimate of discounted cash flows would be
the rate required for a similar investment of like risk. There were no
impairment losses recognized during the years 2006, 2005 or 2004. 

 Assets to be disposed of
are reported at the lower of carrying values or fair values, less estimated
costs of disposal. 

 Deferred financing costs 

 We amortize the costs we
incur to obtain debt financing over the terms of the underlying obligations
using the effective interest method. The amortization of debt financing costs
is included in interest expense. In 2006, we refinanced a 20.6 million convertible
promissory note to a foreign investor, and we converted 21.8 million of
convertible debt into common stock concurrent with our initial public offering.
In connection with these transactions, in 2006, we recognized 2.1 million in
interest expense for the deferred costs associated with these instruments,
which were paid off. In 2005, we recognized 476 in interest expense from the
amortization of these costs. 

 Revenue recognition 

 Our revenue recognition policies are in accordance
with the Securities and Exchange Commission s (SEC) Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101,
 Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements ,
as amended by SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104, Revenue Recognition . 

 In July 2005, we launched our first commercial
product, Osteocel. We recognize revenue on Osteocel sales when legal title to
the product has passed to the customer, which is generally when the product is
shipped from our Baltimore, MD facilities. We have agreements with our
customers that specify the terms of sale, including price. During 2006 and
2005, sales of our Osteocel product were primarily to two customers. We have
entered into several strategic agreements with other pharmaceutical companies
focusing on the development and commercialization of our stem cell drug products.
In 2003, we entered into such an agreement with Boston Scientific Corporation
pertaining to our cardiac drug development and we received a 5 million
fee for licensing the use of our technology. This fee is being recognized as
revenue over a 63-month period, 952 of which was recognized in each of
2006, 2005 and 2004. Also in 2003, we entered into a similar agreement with JCR
Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. JCR pertaining to our hematologic
malignancies drugs for distribution in Japan. We recognized 500 of revenue in
2005 and 2 million in 2004 from the JCR agreement. 

 Revenues from collaborative research licenses and
grants are recognized as earned upon either the incurring of reimbursable
expenses directly related to the particular research plan or the completion of
certain development milestones as defined within the terms of the collaborative
agreement. Payments received in advance of research performed are designated as
deferred revenue. We recognize non-refundable upfront license fees and certain
other related fees on a straight-line basis over the development period. Fees
associated with substantive at risk, performance based milestones are
recognized as revenue upon their completion, as defined in the respective
agreements. Incidental assignment of technology rights is recognized as revenue
as earned and was received from an unrelated third party. 

 Historically, we have also
recognized revenue from governmental grants for research products and in 2005
we recorded 1.4 million in grant revenue as we completed work on three
separate grants. In 2004, we earned 844 from governmental research grants.
Revenue from research grants is recognized as the related 

71 

research
expenditures are incurred. The Company no longer solicits governmental grants,
and did not recognize any revenue from grants during 2006. 

 Cost of Goods Sold 

 In July 2005, we
launched Osteocel. Costs of goods sold consist primarily of the costs to obtain
the tissue and other chemicals and supplies, plus labor and allocated overhead
costs and the costs of operating the clean-room facilities. 

 Research and development costs 

 Research and development
costs are expensed as incurred. 

 Income taxes 

 Deferred tax liabilities
and assets are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences of
temporary differences, income tax credits and net operating loss
carry-forwards. Temporary differences are primarily the result of the
differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial
reporting values. Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured by applying
the enacted statutory tax rates applicable to the future years in which
deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or realized.
Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax
assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense, if any,
consists of the taxes payable for the current period and the change during the
period in deferred tax assets and liabilities. For all periods presented,
valuation allowances have been provided for the full amount of net deferred tax
assets and no income tax expense or benefit has been recognized. 

 Business Segments 

 Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 131 Disclosures
about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information SFAS No. 131 established standards for reporting information about operating segments in
annual financial statements of public enterprises and in interim financial
reports issued to stockholders. It also established standards for related
disclosures about products and services, geographic areas and major customers.
The Company currently operates as one business segment that produces
commercialized stem cell products. 

 Comprehensive income 

 In 2006, 2005 and 2004,
except for our net loss, we did not have any components of comprehensive income
as defined in the accounting literature. 

 Loss per Common Share 

 Basic loss per common
share is calculated by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per common share
adjusts basic loss per share for the potentially dilutive effects of shares
issuable under our stock option plan, and the conversion of our preferred stock
and convertible debt, using the treasury stock method. Common equivalent shares
from the conversion of preferred stock and convertible debt and the exercise of
stock options and warrants are excluded from the computation of diluted loss
per share as their effect is anti-dilutive. Since our initial public offering
in August 2006, the market value of our common stock is determined based
upon the closing price on the NASDAQ Global Market. Prior to August 2006
when our common stock started publicly trading, our Board of Directors
determined the fair value of our common stock. 

72 

Stock-Based Compensation 

 Prior to January 1, 2006, we accounted for
share-based compensation in accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion
No. 25, ABP 25 Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees, and related
interpretations. We also followed the disclosure requirements of SFAS No. 123,
 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, as amended by SFAS No. 148, Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation Transition and Disclosure. As a result, no
expense was recognized for options to purchase our common stock that were
granted with an exercise price equal to fair market value at the day of the
grant. Effective January 1, 2006, we adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 123R,
 Share-Based Payment, which establishes accounting for equity instruments
exchanged for services. Under the provisions of SFAS No. 123R, share-based
compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the
award, and is recognized as expense over the employee s requisite service
period (generally the vesting period of the equity grant). We elected the
modified prospective transition method as provided by SFAS No. 123R and,
accordingly, financial statement amounts for the prior periods presented in
this Form 10-K have not been restated to reflect the fair value
method of expensing share-based compensation. 

 As a result of adopting SFAS No. 123R on January 1,
2006, our net income for the year ended December 31, 2006 was 5.5 million
lower than had we continued to account for stock-based compensation under ABP No. 25.
Net loss per common share for the year ended December 31, 2006, was
increased by 0.33 by the adoption of SFAS No. 123R. 

 The
following table illustrates the effect on net loss and net loss per share if
the Company had applied the fair value recognition provisions of SFAS No. 123,
 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation for periods prior to January 1,
2006. 

Years ended December 31, 

2005 

2004 

Net loss, as
 reported 

(19,995 

(10,528 

Add stock-based employee compensation included in
 reported net loss 

109 

104 

Deduct total stock-based employee compensation determined
 under fair-value-based method for all awards 

(8 

(46 

Pro forma net
 loss 

(19,894 

(10,470 

Basic and diluted
 loss per share, as reported 

(2.23 

(1.19 

Basic and diluted loss
 per share, pro forma 

(2.23 

(1.19 

Certain employee options outstanding at the beginning
of 2003 were repriced to below their initial exercise price and hence are
subject instead to the variable method of accounting. These options give rise
to compensation expense in accordance with APB No. 25. 

 The pro forma impact of applying the fair value method
prescribed by SFAS No. 123 to historical financial results is not
representative of the impact that may be expected in the future due to changes
resulting from additional grants in future years and changes in assumptions
such as volatility, interest rates and expected life used to estimate fair
value of the grants in future years. 

 Share-based
compensation expense included in the accompanying statements of operations was: 

Year ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Cost of goods
 sold 

Research and
 development 

755 

General and
 administrative 

4,738 

109 

104 

Share-based compensation 

5,493 

109 

104 

73 

Concentration of credit risk 

 We maintain cash and short-term investment balances in
accounts that exceed federally insured limits, although we have not experienced
any losses on such accounts. We invest our excess cash in investment grade
securities, generally with maturities of three months or less. We provide
credit, in the normal course of business, to the distributors of our product.
Our receivables at December 31, 2006 consist primarily of amounts due from
two commercial customers, and we expect these receivables to be collected. 

 Significant New Accounting Pronouncements 

 In May 2005, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB issued SFAS No. 154, Accounting Changes and Error
Corrections, a replacement of APB Opinion No. 20 and FASB Statement No. 3.
SFAS No. 154 requires retrospective application to prior periods 
financial statements for changes in accounting principle, unless it is
impracticable to determine either the period-specific effects or the cumulative
effect of the change. SFAS No. 154 also requires that a change in
depreciation, amortization, or depletion method for long-lived, non-financial
assets be accounted for as a change in accounting estimate affected by a change
in accounting principle. SFAS No. 154 is effective for accounting changes
and corrections of errors made in fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2005. The implementation of SFAS No. 154 on January 1, 2006 did not
have a material impact on the results of operations, financial position or cash
flows. 

 In November 2005, FASB issued, FASB Staff
Position FSP FAS 115-1 and FAS 124-1, The Meaning of
Other-than-Temporary Impairment and Its Application to Certain Investments FSP
115-1 which provides guidance on determining when investments in
certain debt and equity securities are considered impaired, whether that
impairment is other-than-temporary, and on measuring such impairment loss. FSP
115-1 also includes accounting considerations subsequent to the
recognition of an other-than temporary impairment and requires certain
disclosures about unrealized losses that have not been recognized as
other-than-temporary impairments. FSP 115-1 is effective for reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2005. Our adoption of FSP 115-1
on January 1, 2006 did not have a material impact on our results of
operations, financial position or cash flows. 

 In July 2006, FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, an interpretation of FASB No. 109 FIN 48 that clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes
recognized in accordance with SFAF 109, Accounting for Income Taxes. FIN 48
prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial
statement effects of a tax position when it is more likely than not of being
sustained on examination, based on the technical merits of the position. In
addition, FIN 48 indicates that the measurement of a tax position that meets
the more likely than not threshold shall consider the amounts and probabilities
of the outcomes that could be realized upon ultimate settlement. This
interpretation is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2006. We expect the impact of adopting FIN 48 to be immaterial. 

 In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157,
 Fair Value Measurements. SFAS No. 157 defines fair value, establishes a
framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure requirements
regarding fair value measurements. SFAS No. 157 does not require any new
fair value measurements. We are required to adopt the provisions of SFAS No. 157
effective January 1, 2008 although earlier adoption is permitted. We do
not believe the adoption of this standard will have a material effect on our
financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

 In September 2006,
the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 108, Considering the
Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements n Current
Year Financial Statements SAB 108 ). SAB 108 provides guidance on the
consideration of the effects of prior year misstatements in quantifying current
year misstatements for the purpose of determining whether the current year s
financial statements are materially misstated. SAB 108 is effective for fiscal
years ending 

74 

after November 15,
2006. The implementation of SAB 108 did not have a material impact on the
results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

 Reclassifications 

 Certain amounts in the
prior years financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the 2006
presentation. 

 3. Property
and equipment 

 Property
and equipment consist of the following at December 31,: 

2006 

2005 

Laboratory and
 manufacturing equipment 

4,720 

3,758 

Computer
 hardware, furniture and fixtures 

1,213 

1,103 

Leased assets 

11,725 

11,725 

Leasehold
 improvements 

4,517 

4,437 

Construction in
 process 

545 

22,720 

21,023 

Accumulated
 depreciation and amortization 

(18,778 

(17,231 

Property and equipment,
 net 

3,942 

3,792 

4. Notes Payable and Capital Lease Obligations 

December 31, 

2006 

2005 

Bank Loan,
 payable in quarterly installments and bearing interest at LIBOR plus applicable
 margins, 7.33 7.83 in 2006 

49 

114 

Boston Scientific
 Corporation. Line of credit, 8 , to be repaid from future product sales, up
 to 50 million may be borrowed for product development 

5,000 

5,000 

Term Note, 5 ,
 convertible into common stock at 6.00/share 

2,000 

Term Note, 6 ,
 convertible at the sole option of the Holder, due in 2008 

20,600 

Term Notes, 6 ,
 convertible into common stock at initial public offering at Specified prices 

19,762 

Term Notes, 10 ,
 convertible into common stock at 18 per share and under Specified conditions 

20,000 

25,049 

47,476 

Less current portion 

(49 

(65 

Notes
 payable long-term 

25,000 

47,411 

Total capital lease obligations 

2,024 

3,051 

Less current portion 

(1,129 

(1,027 

Capital lease
 obligations, long-term 

895 

2,024 

During June 1995, we borrowed 750 from a
commercial bank in connection with the acquisition and renovation of our
Baltimore, Maryland facilities. This loan is partially guaranteed by an agency
of the State of Maryland and matures in September 2007. This loan bears
interest at LIBOR plus 2.0 to 2.5 (7.33 to 7.83 at December 31, 2006).
Compensating balance arrangements with Wachovia Bank require us to maintain a
cash balance of 105 of the non-guaranteed portion of this loan, which is shown
as a component of restricted cash in the accompanying balance sheet. At December 31,
2006 and 2005, this compensating balance requirement was 17 and 34,
respectively. 

75 

In September 2004, we issued a convertible
promissory note to a foreign investor for 2.0 million. This note bore interest
at 5 and the principal and accrued interest was converted into 397,853 shares
of our common stock upon the completion of our initial public offering on August 9,
2006. 

 During 2005, we had issued convertible promissory
notes outstanding to twenty-six shareholders for a total of 19.8 million. These
notes accrue interest at 6 per annum, and provide for redemption premiums
starting at 9 of the principal amount and escalating up to 27 of the
principal amount, depending upon the date of redemption or conversion to Common
Stock. All twenty-six convertible promissory notes, together with accrued
interest were subsequently converted into 2,376,223 shares of our common stock
upon the completion of our initial public offering on August 9, 2006. 

 In November 2005, we issued a 20.6 million
promissory note to a foreign investor. This note bore interest at 6 and had
redemption premiums that started at 9 and increase over time up to 27 . Interest
payments were due in November 2006, 2007 and upon maturity in November 2008.
This note was convertible into our common stock only if the initial public
offering took place after December 2006. In October 2006, we issued
 20.0 million in convertible promissory notes in a private placement to Swiss
investors and used the proceeds from these notes, plus an additional 3.6
million in cash to redeem the 20.6 million promissory note. 

 In October 2006, we
issued 20.0 million in convertible promissory notes in a private placement to
several Swiss investors. The notes bear interest at a rate of 10 , with
semi-annual payments of accrued interest becoming due and payable on April 30
and October 30 of each calendar year, until maturity on April 30,
2009. The notes are convertible at the option of the respective holders at any
time after February 9, 2007, into shares of common stock at the conversion
price of 18.00 per share. The notes automatically convert into common stock at
the same conversion price, if at any time after February 9, 2007, the
closing price of the Company s common stock for ten consecutive trading days
equals 25.00 per share or greater. The notes provide for redemption at any
time at the option of the Company, with 30-day written notice. 

 Future maturities of Notes Payable and Capital Lease
Obligations 

 For
years subsequent to 2006, scheduled annual maturities of notes payable and
capital lease obligations outstanding as of December 31, 2006, are as
follows: 

Notes 
 Payable 

Capital 
 Lease 
 Obligations 

Total 

2007 

49 

1,129 

1,178 

2008 

885 

885 

2009 

20,000 

7 

20,007 

2010 

3 

3 

2011 

Thereafter 

5,000 

5,000 

25,049 

2,024 

27,073 

76 

5. Preferred
Stock Conversion 

 All
our convertible preferred stock was converted into common stock upon the
completion of our initial public offering in August 2006, as follows: 

December 31, 

No. Shares of 
 Common Stock 
 Issued Upon 
 Conversion at IPO 
 (Aggregate 
 Liquidation 
 Preference / 
 Conversion Price) 

2006 

2005 

Per Share 

Convertible
 preferred stock, Class I, Series 2003, 0.001 par value, 2,000,000
 shares designated, issued and outstanding in 2005 

10,000 

500,000 

Convertible
 preferred stock, Series B, 0.001 par value, 750,000 shares designated,
 545,454 shares issued and outstanding in 2005 

3,000 

136,364 

Convertible
 preferred stock, Series C, 0.001 par value, 3,500,000 shares
 designated, 548,090 shares issued and outstanding in 2005 

2,243 

308,300 

Convertible
 preferred stock, Series E, 0.001 par value, 8,000,000 shares
 designated, 7,557,000 shares issued and outstanding in 2005 

17,503 

1,889,250 

32,746 

2,833,914 

We issued 2,000,000 shares of our Class I, Series 2003
convertible preferred stock to a collaborative partner as part of an agreement
related to product development, clinical trials and FDA approval. These shares
were converted into 500,000 shares of our common stock at the conversion price
of 20.00 per share. 

 We issued 545,454 shares of our Series B
convertible preferred stock in 2003, as part of a collaborative agreement. These
shares were converted into 136,364 shares of our common stock at the conversion
price of 22.00 per share. 

 We issued 548,090 shares of our Series C
convertible preferred stock in 2004 at the price of 4.50 per share. These
shares were converted into 308,300 shares of our common stock at the conversion
price of 8.00 per share. 

 We issued 7,557,000 shares of our Series E
convertible preferred stock in 2005 at a price of 2.50 per share. These shares
were converted into 1,889,250 shares of our common stock at the conversion
price of 10.00 per share. 

 Also in 2005, we issued 3,213,335 shares of Series D
Mandatorily Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock at a price of 2.00 per
share. These shares were converted into 8,033,388 shares of our common stock at
the conversion price of 0.80 per share. 

 These Series D shares included a mandatory
redemption feature whereby if the Company did not complete an initial public
offering prior to June 1, 2007 and the shares were not previously
converted into common stock, the Company must then redeem the shares at a price
of 20.00 per share. The Series D Mandatorily Redeemable Convertible
Preferred Stock is recorded as a liability in the balance sheet at December 31,
2005, in accordance with SFAS No. 150 Accounting for Certain Financial
Instruments with Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity. In addition
to the initial net proceeds of 6.0 million from the Series D offering, a
redemption premium of 58.3 million was recorded as a liability. 

77 

6. Share-Based
Compensation 

 In April 2006, we adopted our 2006 Omnibus Plan,
in addition to our Amended and Restated 1994 Stock Incentive Plan. The Plans
authorize the issuance of various forms of stock-based awards, including
incentive and non-qualified stock options, stock purchase rights, stock
appreciation rights and restricted and unrestricted stock awards. A total of
850,000 shares of our common stock have been reserved for issuance under the
2006 Omnibus Plan and 736,378 shares were reserved under our Amended and
Restated 1994 Stock Incentive Plan. We ceased all grants under the Amended and
Restated 1994 Stock Incentive Plan concurrent with our initial public offering
in August 2006. At December 31, 2006, there were 785,010 shares
available for future awards under the 2006 Omnibus Plan. 

 We generally issue stock option awards that vest over
four years and have a ten-year life. We estimate the fair value of stock
options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Our common stock started
trading on the public market in August 2006, and the historical data to
determine volatility does not presently exist. We determine volatility by using
the historical stock volatility of other companies with similar characteristics.
Estimates of fair value are not intended to predict actual future events or the
value ultimately realized by persons who receive equity awards. 

 The
fair value of stock options granted during each of the periods was estimated
using the following assumptions: 

Years ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

2004 

Assumptions 

Risk-free
 interest rate 

4.75 

4.21 

3.93 

Dividend yield 

0.0 

0.0 

0.0 

Expected life of
 option grants 

5-years 

5-years 

5-years 

Expected stock price
 volatility 

74.11 

85.64 

100 

A
summary of stock option activity for the years ended December 31, 2006,
2005 and 2004 is as follows: 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Average 

Aggregate 

Number of 

Average 

Remaining 

Intrinsic Value 

Shares 

Exercise Price 

Contractual Life 

(in thousands) 

Outstanding at
 January 1, 2004 

389,043 

0.94 

Granted 

435,000 

0.40 

Exercised 

(36,405 

(0.46 

Forfeited or canceled 

(243,986 

(0.51 

Outstanding at
 December 31, 2004 

543,652 

0.70 

7.9-years 

Granted 

106,000 

0.40 

Exercised 

(27,148 

(0.41 

7 

Forfeited or canceled 

(56,024 

(3.45 

Balance,
 December 31, 2005 

566,480 

0.40 

8.4-years 

Granted 

314,500 

4.06 

Exercised 

(178,378 

(0.41 

1,827 

Forfeited or canceled 

(6,687 

(1.36 

Balance,
 December 31, 2006 

695,915 

2.05 

8.3-years 

16,149 

Exercisable at
 December 31, 2006 

417,336 

0.40 

7.7-years 

10,400 

78 

A
summary of stock options outstanding at December 31, 2006, by price range
is as follows: 

Options Outstanding 

Options Exercisable 

Weighted-Average 

Remaining 

Number 

Contractual Life 

Weighted-Average 

Number 

Weighted-Average 

Range of Exercise Prices 

Outstanding 

(in years) 

Exercise Price 

Outstanding 

Exercise Price 

0.40
 to 0.79 

525,602 

7.9 

0.40 

417,055 

0.40 

0.80
 to 2.00 

1,563 

6.6 

0.80 

281 

0.80 

2.01
 to 10.99 

157,250 

9.5 

6.88 

11.00 to 16.00 

11,500 

9.6 

11.45 

695,915 

8.3 

2.05 

417,336 

0.40 

The weighted fair value of options granted during the
years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 were 7.11, 2.84 and 0.32,
respectively. 

 Both contemporaneous and retrospective valuations were
performed by the Board of Directors for options granted from January 2005
through the date of our initial public offering. As a result of these
valuations, the Company, for financial reporting purposes, retrospectively
adjusted the fair market value of the equity instruments granted during certain
periods. 

 During 2003, we cancelled and reissued 126,366 stock
options that had previously been granted at amounts equal to the estimated fair
value of the underlying stock. The exercise price of the reissued stock options
was reduced to 0.40 per share at a time when the estimated fair value of the
common stock was 6.00 per share. We are accounting for these options as if
they were simply repriced. As such, we accounted for these repriced options
using variable accounting under FASB Interpretation No. 44. Accounting
for Certain Transactions Involving Stock Compensation (an Interpretation of APB
No. 25) Consequently, during each reporting period we record compensation
expense relating to the vested portion of the repriced options to the extent
that the fair market value of our common stock exceeds the exercise price of
such options. Compensation expense of 530, 35 and 67 was recognized during
the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. 

 In connection with the
stock options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2006, we
received cash proceeds of 72. At December 31, 2006, there was 1.3
million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested stock
options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of
three years. 

 7. Related
Party Transactions 

 General. Peter Friedli,
the Chairman of our Board of Directors, has been responsible for procuring
since 1993, either directly or through affiliated entities, an aggregate of
approximately 200 million in debt and equity financing for us and our
predecessor company. Mr. Friedli is the beneficial owner of greater than
47 of our common stock as of December 31, 2006. Of the shares
beneficially owned by Mr. Friedli, 20,000 shares were received by him as
Board compensation since 1996, 12,500 shares were granted in recognition of his
fundraising efforts, as discussed below, and the remaining shares were acquired
through investment or purchase from third parties. 

 Consulting
Agreement. Since 1995, we and our predecessor
company have been party to a Consulting Agreement, originally with Friedli
Corporate Finance AG, and now Friedli Corporate Finance, Inc., or FCF, for
the provision of business and advisory services to us. Mr. Friedli is the
sole owner of FCF. Under this agreement, FCF has provided general business,
financial and investment advice to us, and has served as a liaison between us
and FCF clients who have invested in us, many of which are located in
Switzerland. This Consulting Agreement had also granted to FCF a right of first
refusal with respect to any debt or equity financings by us, and contains a
provision requiring us to allocate ten percent of the shares in this 

79 

offering to FCF. The
Consulting Agreement between us and FCF was terminated upon the closing of our
initial public offering. The base compensation paid by us under this agreement
was 47 in 2006, 65 in 2005, and 63 in 2004. In addition, pursuant to this
Consulting Agreement, we paid 50 as expense reimbursements in 2005 and 350 in
2006, to or as directed by FCF. 

 Referral Fees and Costs. Separate from
the Consulting Agreement, FCF served as our agent in Europe in connection with: 

 the
issuance and sale in 2004 of 400,000 shares of our Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock at a purchase price of 4.50 per share, representing aggregate
gross proceeds of 1.8 million; 

 the
issuance and sale in 2004 of 4.8 million of our Convertible Preferred
Notes; 

 the
issuance and sale in 2005 of 3,187,056 shares of our Series D Mandatorily
Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock at a purchase price of 2.00 per share,
representing aggregate gross proceeds of 6.4 million; 

 the
issuance and sale in 2005 of 19.4 million of our Convertible Preferred
Notes; 

 the
issuance and sale in 2005 of 7,557,000 shares of our Series E Convertible
Preferred Stock at a purchase price of 2.50 per share, representing aggregate
gross proceeds of 18.9 million; and 

 the
issuance and sale in 2006 of 20 million of our Convertible Notes. 

 Mr. Friedli also arranged the placement through a
European investment bank of a 20.6 million convertible promissory note in
late fall 2005. In connection with all of these transactions, an aggregate of
 71.9 million in gross proceeds was raised for us. We paid referral fees
and costs of 3.4 million to accounts designated by Mr. Friedli,
including accounts of third parties unrelated to Mr. Friedli. We also paid
expense reimbursement of 350 to Mr. Friedli and issued 12,500 shares of
our common stock to him in recognition of his fundraising efforts on our behalf
in 2004 and 2005. In addition, specific to the placement of the
 20.6 million convertible promissory note, we paid placement agency fees
to the European investment bank. 

 In addition, the Company will pay an amount for costs
up to three percent (3 of the aggregate amount of the Notes issued in 2006,
of which one-third was paid to Friedli Corporate Finance, Inc., and up to
two thirds will be paid to others or Friedli Corporate Finance, as directed by
Friedli Corporate Finance, Inc. Included among the purchasers of the Notes
is Peter Friedli, individually, who purchased 4,500,000, and New Venturetec, Inc.,
a Swiss publicly traded company approximately 3 owned by Mr. Friedli who
serves as its President, which purchased an additional 4,000,000 of the Notes.
The Board of Directors of the Company, including all of the Company s
independent directors, but with Mr. Friedli abstaining, unanimously
approved the offering and sale of the Notes, including the sale of a portion of
the Notes to Mr. Friedli and New Venturetec, Inc. and the arrangements
with Friedli Corporate Finance, Inc. 

 New Venturetec/Pine
Loans. In 2004, we obtained
 2.35 million in debt financing through two entities affiliated with Mr. Friedli.
The first of these entities was a wholly owned subsidiary of New Venturetec, Inc..
The other entity is Pine, Inc., a company which at the time of the financing
was majority owned and managed by Mr. Friedli. These convertible demand
notes accrued interest at 10 and included a 10 premium due upon redemption. 

 In this financing, the New Venturetec subsidiary lent
us 1.35 million, and Pine lent us 1.0 million. In consideration of
these loans, we issued to the lenders promissory notes in the principal amount
of the sums lent to us. To facilitate these borrowings and other financings,
and for commitments of consideration in respect of yet additional financing if
needed, we issued warrants for an aggregate of 1,250,000 shares at an exercise
price of 0.40 per share. Mr. Friedli subsequently arranged for the
acquisition of those warrants and they have since been cancelled. In
recognition of his efforts in procuring the cancellation of all of these 

80 

warrants, we issued an
additional warrant to Mr. Friedli, exercisable for up to 1,000,000 shares
of our common stock at 11.00 per share, the price for which shares were sold
in the initial public offering. This warrant expires in May 2011. 

 The loans made by the New Venturetec subsidiary and
Pine, plus premium and accrued interest totaling 355, were converted into
1,352,325 shares of our Series D Mandatorily Redeemable Convertible
Preferred Stock in early 2005, representing an effective price of 2.00 per
share at the same price as was paid by other purchasers. Each share of our Series D
Mandatorily Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock will convert into 2.5 shares
of our common stock upon completion of this offering. 

 Other Financings. We have
engaged in the following additional financings that involved Mr. Friedli,
either directly or indirectly: 

 The
New Venturetec subsidiary described above purchased in 2005 an additional
47,244 shares of our Series D Mandatorily Redeemable Convertible Preferred
Stock at 2.00 per share, representing aggregate gross proceeds of 94. It also
purchased in 2005 400,000 shares of our Series E Preferred Stock at 2.50
per share, representing aggregate gross proceeds of 1.6 million. 

 US
Venture 05, Inc., a venture fund for which Mr. Friedli is president
and investment manager, purchased in 2005 4,000,000 shares of our Series E
Preferred Stock at 2.50 per share, representing aggregate gross proceeds of
 10.0 million. Mr. Friedli has no ownership interest in this
investor. 

 World
Communication Development AG, a Swiss corporation of which Mr. Friedli is
a member of the board of directors, purchased in 2005 66,666 shares of our Series D
Mandatorily Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock at 2.00 per share,
representing aggregate gross proceeds of 133. Mr. Friedli has no
ownership interest in this investor. 

 Joyce
Ltd., an entity which at the time was majority owned by Mr. Friedli,
purchased 340,495 shares of our Series D Mandatorily Redeemable
Convertible Preferred Stock in 2005 at 2.00 per share, representing aggregate
gross proceeds of 681. 

 Mr. Friedli purchased
488,118 shares of our Series D Mandatorily Redeemable Convertible
Preferred Stock in 2005 at 2.00 per share, representing aggregate gross
proceeds of 976. 

 Lockup Agreement. 

 On October 30, 2006, we entered into a Lockup
Agreement with Mr. Friedli and certain entities with which he is
affiliated, Venturetec, Inc. and U.S. Venture 05, Inc. Pursuant to
the Lockup Agreement, Mr. Friedli and such entities have agreed with the
Company, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer Company securities held
by them without approval of the Company, until January 30, 2008. 

81 

8. Warrants 

 At December 31,
2006, we had warrants to purchase our common and preferred stock outstanding as
shown in the following table. 

Common Stock 

Preferred Stock 

# of 
 Shares 

Weighted Average 
 Price 

# of 
 Shares 

Weighted Average 
 Price 

Warrants
 outstanding, January 1, 2005 

2,175,625 

1.16 

17,928 

12.00 

Warrants granted 

Warrants
 exercised 

Warrants expired 

(50,625 

39.00 

(17,928 

12.00 

Warrants outstanding, December 31, 2005 

2,125,000 

0.40 

Warrants granted 

1,000,000 

11.00 

Warrants
 cancelled 

(1,250,000 

0.40 

Warrants
 exercised 

(875,000 

0.40 

Warrants
 outstanding, December 31, 2006 

1,000,000 

11.00 

Following
is the summary of the status of outstanding warrants to purchase our common
stock at December 31, 2006. 

Warrant Price 

Common Shares 

Weighted Average 
 Remaining Contractual Life 

Intrinsic Value 

11.00 

1,000,000 

4.5 years 

14,320 

In August 2006, when the price of the 2006
warrant was determined, we computed its value using the Black-Scholes option
pricing method, using a risk free interest rate of 4.80 , the expected life of
2.5-years and a stock volatility factor of 44.66 . Since the Company just
recently completed its initial public offering and previously its stock did not
trade, we determined the volatility by selecting a comparable public company in
the biotech industry and tracking its stock prices over the past 2.5-years.
The value of this warrant was determined to be 3.5 million which as been
recorded in the accompanying statement of operations as General and
Administrative expenses. 

 The 875,000 warrants that
were exercisable at 0.40 per share as of January 1, 2006 were all
exercised concurrent with the closing of our initial public offering in August 2006. 

 9. Income
Taxes 

 The
components of the Company s net deferred tax assets at December 31 are as
follows: 

2006 

2005 

Deferred Tax
 Assets: 

Net operating loss carry-forwards 

63,157 

50,818 

Research and experimentation credit carry-forwards 

5,142 

4,803 

Property and equipment 

1,546 

1,662 

Other 

51 

51 

69,896 

57,334 

Valuation
 allowance 

(69,896 

(57,334 

Net deferred tax
 assets 

82 

Our deferred tax assets
have been fully reserved in both 2006 and 2005 since their ultimate future
realization cannot be assured. The valuation allowance increased by
 12.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2006. We presently have
available for federal income tax purposes, approximately 164 million of
net operating loss carry-forwards and 5.1 million of research and
experimentation credit carry-forwards, which expire beginning in 2009 through
2026. However, as a result of changes in our ownership since inception, the
amount of these carry-forwards available to offset future taxable income and
income taxes could be subject to annual limitations under IRC Section 382. 

 10. Research
Collaboration Agreements and Deferred Revenue 

 Boston Scientific
Agreement. In 2003, we entered into a long-term
collaboration agreement with Boston Scientific Corporation BSC focusing
upon the development and commercialization of the use of Mesenchymal Stem Cells
technology to treat cardiovascular disease. The BSC agreement, which entitles
us to a licensing fee and to royalties on resulting revenue includes both a BSC
equity investment and significant BSC debt financing for the cardiovascular project. 

 We received a 5 million licensing fee for the
use of its technology by BSC. This revenue is being recognized as revenue over
a 63-month period, 952 of which was recognized in 2006, 2005 and 2004.
As provided for in the agreement, BSC purchased 2 million shares of the
our Class 1, Series 2003 Convertible Preferred Stock for
 10 million. These shares were converted into 500,000 shares of common
stock concurrent with our initial public offering in August 2006. If we
achieve certain milestones, BSC will purchase up to an additional
 20 million of common stock, at prices ranging from 60 to 112 per share
and pay license fees of up to 25.0 million. 

 We have a 50.0 million line of credit with Boston
Scientific. In March 2004, the Company drew 5 million under this
line of credit, which is recorded as long-term debt and accrues interest at 8 .
We can only use borrowings in connection with Provacel development efforts. Advances
under the loan agreement are secured by an interest granted to Boston Scientific
in the license agreement, including the right to develop, market and distribute
MSC products in the covered field and our right to receive payments under the
license. At December 31, 2006, the Company estimates that it was entitled
to draw approximately 9 million more on this line of credit. 

 JCR Pharmaceuticals Agreement. Also in 2003,
we entered into a strategic alliance with JCR Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. JCR ).
Under the JCR agreement, we have granted to JCR the exclusive right in Japan to
use our technology in conjunction with the treatment of hematologic
malignancies using hematopoietic stem cell transplants. The JCR agreement
entitles us to a licensing fee and to royalties on any resulting revenue. Upon
commencement of the agreement, JCR purchased 545,454 shares of our Series B
Convertible Preferred Stock for 3.0 million. These shares were converted
into 136,363 shares of our common stock concurrent with our initial public
offering in August 2006. They also paid us a 3.0 million licensing
fee, which was recognized as revenue over twelve months, including
 2.0 million in 2004. In 2005, upon the completion of certain milestones,
we received 500 in additional licensing fees, which was recognized as revenue. 

 11. Defined
Contribution Plan 

 We have a 401(k) plan
that is available to all employees. Employee contributions are voluntary and
are determined on an individual basis up to the amount allowable under federal
regulations. Employer contributions to the plan are at the discretion of the
Board of Directors and vest over a seven year period beginning after the third
year of eligibility. No employer contributions have been made to date. 

83 

12. Commitments
and Contingencies 

 We lease approximately 118,000 square feet of
laboratory, production, warehouse and office space under an amended lease
agreement that expires in 2008. We have an option to renew this lease through
2023 and have not made a decision regarding the exercise of our renewal option.
This lease was originally arranged by the Maryland Economic Development
Corporation and the City of Baltimore who arranged the financing of the
building improvements. We have an outstanding letter of credit of
 150 that is used as security for this lease. The letter of credit is
fully collateralized by restricted cash. We sublease a portion of the office
and warehouse space to a third party on a month-to-month basis and record the
 10 monthly rent as a reduction of our facilities expense. 

 During 2006, we entered into a sublease agreement for
approximately 61,000 square feet of laboratory, production, warehouse and
office space in Columbia, Maryland. We have also entered into a direct lease
with the owner of this facility that is effective upon the expiration of the
sublease and expires in July 2016. This lease has two five-year renewal
options. We have an outstanding letter of credit of 130 that is used in lieu
of a security deposit for this lease. The letter of credit is fully
collateralized by restricted cash. 

 We
also have entered into various financing arrangements to lease laboratory and
other equipment. The terms of these facilities and equipment leases are
considered capitalized leases, and the following amounts are included in our
balance sheets at December 31, 2006 and 2005: 

2006 

2005 

Facilities leases 

8,568 

8,568 

Equipment leases 

3,157 

3,157 

11,725 

11,725 

Less accumulated
 amortization 

(10,351 

(9,635 

Leased property
 and equipment, net 

1,374 

2,090 

Future
minimum lease payments under these capitalized facilities and equipment
arrangements are as follows: 

Facilities 

Equipment 

Total 

2007 

1,236 

8 

1,224 

2008 

906 

8 

914 

2009 

8 

8 

2010 

3 

3 

2011 

2,142 

27 

2,169 

Less interest 

(138 

(7 

(145 

Present value of
 minimum lease payments 

2,004 

20 

2,024 

Less current
 portion 

(1,124 

(5 

(1,129 

Capital lease
 obligations, net of current portion 

880 

15 

895 

84 

The
future minimum lease payments due under the operating lease for our Columbia,
Maryland facility are as follows: 

Columbia 

Facility 

2007 

852 

2008 

876 

2009 

978 

2010 

1,056 

2011 

1,082 

2012 2016 

5,108 

9,952 

Agreement. In 1994, we
entered into a Technology Transfer and License Agreement with Case Western
Reserve University CWRU under which we purchased rights to certain
mesenchymal stem cell and related technology and patents. We are required to
pay royalties on revenues related to CWRU developed technology, with minimum
royalties of 50 per year. We paid CWRU 50 in 2006, 2005 and 2004. 

 13. Quarterly
Financial Data (Unaudited) 

 Following
is a summary of our Unaudited quarterly results for the years ended December 31,
2006 and 2005: 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

2006 

Total revenues 

1,400 

1,987 

2,841 

3,244 

Product sales 

1,105 

1,689 

2,539 

2,958 

Cost of goods sold 

489 

762 

1,113 

1,333 

Research and development expenses 

4,368 

10,922 

9,242 

13,058 

General and administrative expenses and fees 

1,138 

1,209 

5,300 

812 

Net loss 

(5,121 

(11,605 

(15,565 

(12,668 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 

(0.56 

(1.27 

(0.75 

(0.46 

2006 

Total revenues 

385 

1,339 

1,285 

961 

Product sales 

284 

673 

Cost of goods sold 

220 

224 

Research and development expenses 

2,657 

3,592 

3,464 

7,214 

General and administrative expenses and fees 

752 

487 

554 

501 

Net loss 

(3,868 

(2,740 

(4,678 

(8,055 

Net loss per
 common share, basic and diluted 

(0.43 

(0.38 

(0.52 

(0.88 

Loss per share is
calculated on a quarterly basis and may not be additive to year-to-date
amounts. 

85 

Item 9. Changes
in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. 

 None. 

 Item 9A. Controls
and Procedures 

 Evaluation of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures. An
evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), as of the end of the period
covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K was made under the
supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based upon this evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures (a) are effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is timely recorded, processed, summarized and
reported and (b) include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports
filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. This Annual
Report on Form 10-K does not include a report on management s
assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an
attestation report of the company s registered public accounting firm due to a
transition period established by rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission for newly public companies. There have not been any changes in our
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31,
2006 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 Item 9B. Other
Information 

 None. 

86 

Part III 

 Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

 The information with
respect to the identity, business experience and directorships of the directors
of the Company and their remuneration is incorporated by reference to the
information set forth in the section captioned Election of Directors in the
Company s Proxy Statement for the 2007 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is
anticipated to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A no later than one hundred
twenty (120) days following the end of the fiscal year reported upon (the Proxy
Statement ). The information with respect to the identity and business
experience of executive officers of the Company is set forth in the Section captioned
 Executive Officers of the Registrant in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The information with respect to the Company s Audit Committee is incorporated
by reference to the information set forth in the section captioned Meetings
and Committees of the Board of Directors in the Proxy Statement. The
information with respect to material changes in the nominating process for the
Board of Directors, if any is, incorporated by reference to the information set
forth in the appropriate subsection of the section captioned Election of
Directors in the Proxy Statement. The information with respect to compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated by reference
to the section captioned Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance in the Proxy Statement. The information with respect to
the Company s Code of Ethics is incorporated by reference to the section
captioned Code of Ethics in the Proxy Statement. 

 Item 11. Executive
Compensation. 

 The information required
by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under
the caption Executive Compensation and Other Information in the Company s
Proxy Statement for the 2007 Annual Meeting of Stockholders which is
anticipated to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A no later than one
hundred twenty (120) days following the end of the fiscal year reported upon. 

 Item 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters. 

 The information required
by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under
the caption Security Ownership of Management and Principal Stockholders in
the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2007 Annual Meeting of Stockholders which
is anticipated to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A no later than one
hundred twenty (120) days following the end of the fiscal year reported upon. 

 Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. 

 The information required
by this item, if any, is incorporated by reference to the information set forth
under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Transactions in the
Company s Proxy Statement for the 2007 Annual Meeting of Stockholders which is
anticipated to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A no later than one hundred
twenty (120) days following the end of the fiscal year reported upon. 

 Item 14. Principal
Accountant Fees and Services. 

 The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to the information set forth under the caption Principal
Accountant Fees and Services in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2007
Annual Meeting of Stockholders which is anticipated to be filed pursuant to
Regulation 14A no later than one hundred twenty (120) days following the
end of the fiscal year reported upon. 

87 

Part IV 

 Item 15. Exhibits,
Financial Statement Schedules. 

 (a) The following documents
are filed as part of this report: 

 1. The
following financial statements are included in Item 8 of this Annual Report: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2006 and 2005 

Statements of Operations for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the
 years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

Notes to Financial Statements 

Schedules not listed above have been omitted because
the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable. 

 2. Exhibits

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description of Exhibit 

3.1 

Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Registrant 

3.2 

Bylaws of the Registrant 

4.1 

Form of Common Stock Certificate. 

10.1 

Amended and Restated 1994 Stock Incentive Plan, as
 amended. 

10.2 

2006 Omnibus Plan. 

10.3 

Director Compensation Policy. 

10.4 

Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant
 and C. Randal Mills, Ph.D., dated as of May 15, 2004. 

10.5 

Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant
 and Cary J. Claiborne, dated as of December 3, 2004. 

10.6 

Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant
 and Harry Carmitchel, dated as of September 1, 2004. 

10.7 

Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant
 and Earl R. Fender, dated as of June 12, 2006. 

10.8 

Loan Agreement by and between the Registrant and
 Boston Scientific Corporation, dated as of March 5, 2003, as amended. 

10.9 

Amendment No. 1 to the Loan Agreement by and
 between the Registrant and Boston Scientific Corporation, dated as of
 March 12, 2004. 

10.10 

Security Agreement from the Registrant to Boston
 Scientific Corporation, dated as of March 12, 2004. 

10.11 

Contract Manufacturing Agreement by and between the
 Registrant and Boston Scientific Corporation, dated as of March 5, 2003. 

10.12 

Development Agreement by and between the Registrant
 and Boston Scientific Corporation, dated as of March 5, 2003. 

10.13 

Investment Agreement by and between the Registrant
 and Boston Scientific Corporation, dated as of March 5, 2003. 

10.14 

Investor Rights Agreement by and between the
 Registrant and Boston Scientific Corporation, dated as of March 5, 2003. 

88 

10.15 

License Agreement by and between the Registrant and
 Boston Scientific Corporation, dated as of March 5, 2003. 

10.16 

Investor Rights Agreement by and between the
 Registrant and JCR Pharmaceuticals, Inc. dated August 26, 2003. 

10.17 

License Agreement by and between the Registrant and
 JCR Pharmaceuticals, Inc. dated August 26, 2003. 

10.18 

Distribution and Supply Agreement by and between the
 Registrant and Blackstone Medical, Inc., dated as of November 10,
 2005. 

10.19 

Technology Transfer and License Agreement by and
 between the Registrant and Case Western University, dated as of
 January 1, 1993, as amended. 

10.20 

Marketing Collaboration and License Agreement by and
 between the Registrant and BioWhittaker, Inc., dated as of August 11,
 1999. 

10.21 

Registration Rights Agreement by and between the
 Registrant and Cambrex Corporation, dated November 28, 2005. 

10.22 

Form of Convertible Promissory Note, dated
 October 30, 2006 

10.23 

Lease Agreement by and between the Registrant and
 SAGA Limited Partnership, dated as of January 18, 1995, as amended. 

10.24 

Second Amended and Restated Sublease Agreement by
 and between the Registrant and Maryland Economic Development Corporation,
 dated as of June 30, 1998, as amended. 

10.25 

Lease Agreement by and between Gateway S-8,
 LLLP and Nova Telecommunications, Inc., dated August 11, 1998, as
 amended. 

10.26 

Sublease Agreement by and between the Registrant and
 Broadwing Corporation, dated as of June 2, 2006. 

10.27 

Agreement of Lease by and between the Registrant and
 Columbia Gateway S-28, L.L.C., dated June 6, 2006. 

10.28 

Consulting Agreement by and between the Registrant
 and Friedli Corporate Finance, Inc., f/k/a Friedli Corporate Finance AG,
 dated November 1995, as amended. 

10.29 

Termination Letter from Friedli Corporate
 Finance, Inc., f/k/a Friedli Corporate Finance AG, to the Registrant,
 dated May 10, 2006. 

10.30 

Indemnification Letter from Friedli Corporate
 Finance, Inc., f/k/a Friedli Corporate Finance AG, and Peter Friedli to
 the Registrant, dated May 19, 2006. 

10.31 

Warrant to Purchase up to 4,000,000 shares of Common
 Stock granted by Registrant to Peter Friedli, dated May 24, 2006. 

10.32 

Lock-up Agreement dated as of October 30, 2006
 by and among the Registrant, Peter Friedli, Friedli Corporate
 Finance, Inc. and US Venture 05, Inc. 

10.33 

Letter Agreement dated October 30, 2006 by and
 between the Registrant and Friedli Corporate Finance, Inc. 

10.36 

Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant
 and Lode Debrabandere, dated as of July 31, 2006. 

11.1.1 

Statement re: Computation of Per Share Loss
 (included in Note 2 to Financial Statements included in Part II Item 8
 herein). 

23.1.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm (filed herewith). 

31.1.1 

Rule 15d-14(a) Certification of C.
 Randal Mills, Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith). 

89 

31.2.1 

Rule 15d-14(a) Certification of Cary
 J. Claiborne, Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith). 

32.1.1 

Section 1350 Certification of C. Randal Mills,
 Chief Executive Officer, and Cary J. Claiborne, Chief Financial Officer
 (filed herewith). 

Previously
filed as an Exhibit to the Registrant s Registration Statement on
Form S-1, which was declared effective by the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission on August 3, 2006. 

 Previously filed as
an Exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as
filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on
November 2, 2006. 

 Confidential
treatment has been granted for certain portions thereof pursuant to an order of
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission issued in connection with
our Registration Statement on Form S-1, declared effective on
August 3, 2006. 

90 

Signatures 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Osiris Therapeutics, Inc 

March 26, 2007 

By: 

/s/ C. RANDAL MILLS 

C. Randal Mills, President 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has
been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ C. RANDAL MILLS 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

March 26, 2007 

C. Randal Mills 

(principal executive officer) 

/s/
 CARY J. CLAIBORNE 

Chief Financial Officer,
 and Corporate 

March 26, 2007 

Cary J. Claiborne 

Secretary (principal financial officer) 

/s/
 PHILIP R. JACOBY, JR. 

Corporate Controller and
 Assistant Corporate 

March 26, 2007 

Philip R.
 Jacoby, Jr. 

Secretary (principal accounting officer) 

/s/
 GREGORY H. BARNHILL 

Director 

March 26, 2007 

Gregory H.
 Barnhill 

/s/
 PETER FRIEDLI 

Director 

March 26, 2007 

Peter Friedli 

/s/
 FELIX GUTZWILLER 

Director 

March 26, 2007 

Felix Gutzwiller 

/s/
 JAY M. MOYES 

Director 

March 26, 2007 

Jay M. Moyes 

91 

<EX-23.1.1>
 2
 a07-8838_1ex23d1d1.htm
 EX-23.1.1

Exhibit 23.1.1 

 CONSENT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 We hereby consent to the
incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements filed by Osiris
Therapeutics, Inc. on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-137953 and 333-137954)
of our report dated March 14, 2007 with respect to the balance sheets of
Osiris Therapeutics, Inc. as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, and the
related statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2006,
which report appears in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Osiris
Therapeutics, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2006. 

 /s/ Stegman 
Company 

 Baltimore, Maryland 
March 26, 2007 

</EX-23.1.1>

<EX-31.1.1>
 3
 a07-8838_1ex31d1d1.htm
 EX-31.1.1

Exhibit 31.1.1 

 Certification of
Principal Executive Officer 
Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 I, C. Randal Mills,
certify that: 

 1. I have reviewed
this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Osiris Therapeutics, Inc. 

 2. Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

 (a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

 (b) [Paragraph omitted in
accordance with SEC Release 34-47986] 

 (c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

 (d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 (a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

 (b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

 Date: March 26,
2007 

/s/ C. Randal Mills 

C. Randal Mills, Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1.1>

<EX-31.2.1>
 4
 a07-8838_1ex31d2d1.htm
 EX-31.2.1

Exhibit 31.2.1 

 Certification of
Principal Financial Officer 
Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 I, Cary J.
Claiborne, certify that: 

 1. I have reviewed
this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Osiris Therapeutics, Inc. 

 2. Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

 (a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

 (b) [Paragraph omitted in
accordance with SEC Release 34-47986] 

 (c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

 (d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 (a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

 (b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

 Date: March 26,
2007 

/s/ Cary J. Claiborne 

Cary J. Claiborne 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2.1>

<EX-32.1.1>
 5
 a07-8838_1ex32d1d1.htm
 EX-32.1.1

Exhibit 32.1.1 

 Certification 
Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title
18, United States Code) 

 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title
18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Osiris
Therapeutics, Inc., (the Company ), does hereby certify, to the best of
each officer s knowledge that: 

 The
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006
(the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-K
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 26, 2007 

/s/ C. Randal Mills 

C. Randal Mills, Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 26,
 2007 

/s/ Cary J. Claiborne 

Cary J. Claiborne 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by
the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request. This certification accompanies the Form 10-K
to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be
incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether
made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any
general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1.1>

