<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20080312_10-K_edgar_data_1409134_0001104659-08-017159.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2905003</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>439479</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2249074</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-08-017159.hdr.sgml : 20080312
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20080312172108
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-08-017159
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20071231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20080312
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20080312

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OSG America L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001409134
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WATER TRANSPORTATION [4400]
		IRS NUMBER:				113812936
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33806
		FILM NUMBER:		08684274

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO HARBOUR PLACE, 302 KNIGHTS RUN AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33602
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(813) 209-0600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO HARBOUR PLACE, 302 KNIGHTS RUN AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33602

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 RqMP8R/j43SnC4owpR29tseytA+vXmISpsngmd8YV/OuFlDCtTMM9N9zrkZGJbJE
 BUydEvX/HeTGFQUgOMbGcg==

 0001104659-08-017159.txt : 20080312

10-K
 1
 a08-7720_110k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

FOR
ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORTS 

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

(Mark One) 

x ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 

Commission File Number 001-33806 

OSG
AMERICA L.P. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

DELAWARE 

11-3812936 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.) 

Two Harbour Place, 302 Knights Run Avenue, Suite 1200, Tampa, FL 

33602 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

(813) 209-0600 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area
code 

None 

 Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since
last report 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: NONE 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405
of the Securities Act. Yes o No x 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13
or Section 15(d) of the Exchange
Act. Yes o No x 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of
Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting
company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer, and
 smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check
one): 

Large accelerated
filer o Accelerated
filer o Non-accelerated
filer x Smaller reporting company o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes o No x 

The registrant s Common Units were not publicly traded as of the last
business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter. The
aggregate market value of the registrants common units held by non-affiliates
as of June 30, 2007 was 0. As of March 10, 2008, 15,002,250 Common
Units and 15,000,000 Subordinated Units were outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 

4 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

19 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff
 Comments 

40 

Item 2. 

Properties 

40 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

40 

Item 4. 

Submission of
 Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

41 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for
 Registrant s Common Equity, Related Securityholder Matters and Issuer
 Purchases of Equity Securities 

41 

Item 6. 

Selected Financial
 Data 

44 

Item 7. 

Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

46 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

60 

Item 8. 

Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 

61 

Item 9. 

Changes in and
 Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

94 

Item 9A(T). 

Controls and
 Procedures 

94 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

94 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

94 

Item 11. 

Executive
 Compensation 

98 

Item 12. 

Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
 Securityholder Matters 

101 

Item 13. 

Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

102 

Item 14. 

Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 

107 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 

Exhibits, Financial
 Statement Schedules 

108 

Signatures 

111 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Statements included in
this report which are not historical facts (including statements concerning
plans and objectives of management for future operations or economic
performance, or assumptions related thereto) are forward-looking statements. In
addition, we may from time to time make other oral or written statements which
are also forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking
statements appear in a number of places and include statements with respect to,
among other things: 

our
ability to make cash distributions on the units; 

planned
capital expenditures and availability of capital resources to fund capital
expenditures; 

delays
or cost overruns in the building of new vessels, the double-hulling of our
remaining single-hull vessels and scheduled shipyard maintenance; 

future
supply of, and demand for, oil and refined petroleum products either globally
or in particular regions; 

risks
inherent in marine transportation and vessel operation, including accidents and
discharge of pollutants; 

the
cost and availability of insurance coverage; 

reliance
on a limited number of customers for revenue; 

future
spot market charter rates; 

competition
that could affect our market share and revenues; 

potential
reductions in the supply of tank vessels due to restrictions set forth by the
Oil Pollution Act of 1990 OPA 90 

continuation of federal laws restricting
U.S. point to point maritime shipping to U.S. vessels; 

changes
in domestic refined petroleum product consumption; 

changes in U.S. refining capacity; 

the
likelihood of a repeal of, or a delay in the phase-out requirements for,
single-hull vessels mandated by OPA 90; 

our
ability to maintain long-term relationships with our customers; 

expected
financial flexibility to pursue acquisitions and other expansion opportunities; 

our
expected cost of complying with OPA 90; 

estimated
future maintenance capital expenditures; 

our
ability to attract and retain experienced, qualified and skilled crewmembers; 

expected
demand in the domestic tank vessel market in general and the demand for our
tank vessels in particular; 

changes
in the demand for lightering services; 

customers 
increasing emphasis on environmental and safety concerns; 

our
future financial condition or results of operations and our future revenues and
expenses; and 

our
business strategy and other plans and objectives for future
acquisitions/operations. 

These forward-looking
statements are made based upon management s current plans, expectations,
estimates, assumptions and beliefs concerning future events impacting us and therefore
involve a number of risks and uncertainties. We caution that forward-looking
statements are not guarantees and that actual results could differ materially
from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please read Risk
Factors in Item 1A. of this Annual Report for a list of important factors that
could cause our actual results of operations or financial condition to differ
from the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements. 

3 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Our Partnership 

OSG America L.P. OSP , We or Us is the largest operator, based
on barrel-carrying capacity, of U.S. flag product carriers and barges
transporting refined petroleum products. We were formed in 2007 by Overseas
Shipholding Group, Inc. OSG (NYSE: OSG), a market leader in providing
global energy transportation services. We plan to use the expertise, customer
base and reputation of OSG to expand our marine transportation service. Our
fleet of product carriers and barges consists of eleven product carriers, seven
articulated tug barges ATBs ), including one that is in the process of being
converted to a double hull configuration and one conventional tug-barge unit CTB ),
with an aggregate carrying capacity of approximately 5.3 million barrels.
Alaska Tanker Company, LLC ATC ), a joint venture in which we have a 37.5 
ownership interest, transports crude oil from Alaska to the continental United
States using a fleet of five crude-oil tankers with an aggregate carrying
capacity of 6.3 million barrels. OSG owns a 75.5 interest in OSP,
including a 2 interest through our general partner, which OSG owns and
controls. 

The majority of our vessels transport refined petroleum products in the
U.S. coastwise trade over three major trade routes: 

from refineries located on
the Gulf Coast to Florida, Atlantic Coast and the West Coast; 

 from refineries located on
the East Coast to New England; and 

 from refineries located on
the West Coast to Southern California and Oregon. 

The Gulf Coast to Florida trade route is the most important of these
trade routes due to the absence of pipelines that service Florida and Florida s
growing demand for refined petroleum products. We also provide lightering
services on the East Coast by transporting crude oil from large crude-oil
tankers to refineries in the Delaware River Basin. 

Our market is protected from direct foreign competition by the Merchant
Marine Act of 1920 (the Jones Act ), which mandates that all vessels
transporting cargo between U.S. ports must be built in the United States,
registered under the U.S. flag, manned by U.S. crews and owned and operated by
U.S. organized companies that are controlled and at least 75 owned by U.S.
citizens (or owned by other entities meeting U.S. citizenship requirements to
own vessels operating in the U.S. coastwise trade and, in the case of limited
partnerships, where the general partner meets U.S. citizenship requirements for
the U.S. coastwise trade). Charter rates for Jones Act vessels have
historically been more stable than those of similar vessels operating in the
international shipping markets. We currently operate 16 of our 18 operating
vessels in the U.S. coastwise trade in accordance with the Jones Act and all of
our future scheduled newbuild deliveries will qualify to operate under the
Jones Act. 

OSG has assigned to us its agreements to bareboat
charter five newbuild product carriers from subsidiaries of Aker American
Shipping, Inc. Aker upon their delivery from the shipyard between 2008
and early 2010. These five product carriers have already been time chartered to
customers for fixed periods ranging from 3-7 years, which can be further
extended at the customer s option. We also have the opportunity to increase the
size of our fleet through the exercise of options granted to us by OSG to: 

purchase up to six
newbuild double-hulled ATBs, scheduled for delivery from Bender Shipbuilding 
Repair Co., Inc. Bender between late 2008 and late 2010; and 

 acquire the right to
bareboat charter up to two newbuild double-hulled product carriers and up to
two newbuild double-hulled shuttle tankers from Aker, scheduled for delivery
between late 2009 and early 2011. 

The options to purchase the newbuild ATBs from OSG and
the rights to bareboat charter the newbuild product carriers and shuttle
tankers from Aker will be exercisable prior to the first anniversary of the
delivery of each vessel. The exercise of any of the options will be subject to
the negotiation of a purchase price. 

4 

The following chart details the potential growth of
our fleet and its aggregate carrying capacity: 

Optional 

Product 

After Scheduled 

Carriers 

At December 31, 2007 

Scheduled 

Deliveries 

and 

Phase-out 

Total 

Capacity 

Deliveries 

Capacity 

Barges 

2011- 

Capacity 

Vessels(1) 

(barrels) 

2008-2010 

Vessels 

(barrels) 

2008-2011 

2013 

Vessels 

(barrels) 

(in thousands) 

(in thousands) 

(in thousands) 

Product Carriers 

11 

3,464 

5 

16 

5,084 

4 

(4 

16 

5,056 

ATBs(2) 

7 

1,618 

7 

1,618 

6 

13 

3,529 

CTBs(2) 

1 

172 

1 

172 

1 

172 

Total Fleet 

19 

5,254 

5 

24 

6,874 

10 

(4 

30 

8,757 

(1) Does not include the five
crude-oil tankers operated by ATC. 

 (2) Bender is constructing
for us two 8,000 horsepower tugs, each with its own ATB coupler system, that
are scheduled for delivery in 2008 and 2009. The first tug will allow us to
replace the only conventional tug in our fleet and allow us, after minor
modifications to the barge, to convert our only CTB into an ATB. 

In 2007, approximately 72 of our revenues were from
fixed-rate contracts, which include time-charters, Contracts of Affreightment COA ),
and Consecutive Voyage Charters CVC ), and the remaining 28 of our revenues
were from single voyage contracts. While the term contracts have an original
fixed term of between one and seven years and currently have an average of two
years before they expire, many of our customers are seeking longer-term
contracts. Time charters on the five newbuild product carriers that will be
delivered to us between 2008 and early 2010 have an average term of three
years. We believe that our strong customer relationships provide a foundation
for stable revenue and long term growth of our business. 

Business Strategy 

Our primary business objective is to continue to grow our distributable
cash flow per unit by executing the following strategies: 

Increase
Market Share. We operate the largest fleet of U.S. flag product carriers and barges,
based on barrel-carrying capacity, transporting refined petroleum products. Our
bareboat charter of five newbuild product carriers from Aker and, assuming we
exercise all of our options with OSG to bareboat charter two newbuild product
carriers and two newbuild shuttle tankers from Aker and to purchase six
newbuild ATBs to be constructed by Bender, will further strengthen our leading
position in the Jones Act trade. We will continue to evaluate strategic
acquisitions in order to meet the demand for U.S. flag vessels in a manner that
will increase our distributable cash flow. 

Capitalize
on Relationship with OSG. We intend to use OSG s customer relationships with leading
integrated oil companies and independent refiners to secure longer-term
contracts for our vessels. 

Generate
Stable Cash Flows With High-Quality Charterers. Our customers are
predominantly leading integrated oil companies and independent refiners. We
believe that entering into medium to long-term charters with these customers
will provide us with relatively stable cash flows. 

Expand
into Related Segments. We believe that our high-quality Jones Act vessels, our
reputation for dependable service and our relationship with OSG will enable OSP
to expand into new segments, such as shuttle tankers in the Gulf of Mexico. In
addition, three of the six newbuild ATBs that we have options to purchase from
OSG are already chartered to Sunoco for lightering business in the Delaware
Bay. 

Emphasize
Safety. 
We have an excellent vessel safety record and reputation for customer service
and support. We believe that by maintaining a high standard for operational
safety and environmental compliance, we will be able to maintain our leading
market position. 

Maintain
Financial Strength and Flexibility. We intend to maintain financial strength and
flexibility so as to enable us to pursue acquisition opportunities as they
arise. We have access to 200 million under our senior secured revolving
credit facility for working capital and acquisitions. 

5 

We are a Delaware limited partnership formed on May 14,
2007. On November 15, 2007, we completed an initial public offering of
7,500,000 common units at 19.00 per unit. The common units issued to the
public represent a 24.5 limited partner interest. OSG America LLC, a wholly
owned subsidiary of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc., is our sole general
partner and has a 2 general partner interest. Other subsidiaries of OSG hold a
73.5 limited partnership interest. 

Our principal executive
offices are located at Two Harbour Place, 302 Knights Run Avenue, Suite 1200,
Tampa, FL 33602, and our phone number is (813) 209-0600. 

Industry 

Fleet 

Our fleet consists of nineteen U.S. flag product carriers and barges
composed of eleven product carriers, seven ATBs and one CTB with an aggregate
carrying capacity of approximately 5.3 million barrels. 

We have: 

agreements to bareboat
charter five newbuild product carriers from subsidiaries of Aker upon their
delivery from the shipyard between 2008 and early 2010; 

 options to purchase from
OSG up to six newbuild ATBs, upon their delivery from Bender between late 2008
and late 2010; and 

 options to acquire from
OSG the right to bareboat charter up to two newbuild double-hulled product
carriers and up to two newbuild double-hulled shuttle tankers from Aker, upon
their delivery from the shipyard between late 2009 and early 2011. 

If we purchase and bareboat charter all of these
newbuild vessels, and after adjusting for the phase out of the four single-hull
vessels, our fleet will increase from 19 to 30 product carriers and barges and
our aggregate carrying capacity will increase from 5.3 million to
8.8 million barrels. We believe that employing a fleet consisting of
product carriers and ATBs allows us to effectively meet the requirements of
various customers in a number of different markets. 

The following table sets forth information concerning our initial fleet
of eleven product carriers, seven ATBs and one CTB as of December 31,
2007: 

Owned / 

Year Built / 

Cargo Capacity 

Bareboat-In 

Charter-Out 

Vessel Name 

Rebuilt 

DWT 

Barrels(1) 

Expiration 

Charterer(2) 

Expiration 

Single-hulled
 Product Carriers 

Overseas
 Puget Sound 

1983 

50,861 

356,000 

Owned 

Tesoro TC 

Feb 2008(4) 

Overseas
 New Orleans 

1983 

42,954 

306,000 

Oct 2011 

CITGO TC 

Jan 2008 

Overseas
 Galena Bay 

1982 

50,116 

356,000 

Owned 

SeaRiver TC 

Jan 2009 

Overseas
 Philadelphia 

1982 

43,387 

306,000 

Nov 2011 

Morgan Stanley TC 

Jan 2008 

Double-hulled
 Product Carriers 

Overseas
 Diligence 

1977 

39,732 

269,000 

Owned 

SVC 

Overseas
 Integrity 

1975 

39,948 

269,000 

Owned 

Sunoco COA 

June 2008 

Overseas
 Maremar 

1998 

47,225 

315,000 

Owned 

SVC/COA 

Dec 2009 

Overseas
 Luxmar 

1998 

45,999 

315,000 

Owned 

SVC/COA 

Dec 2009 

Overseas
 Houston 

2007 

46,815 

324,000 

Feb 2014(3) 

Shell TC 

Mar 2010(4) 

Overseas
 Long Beach 

2007 

46,817 

324,000 

Jun 2014(3) 

BP TC 

Jul 2014(4) 

Overseas
 Los Angeles 

2007 

46,815 

324,000 

Nov 2014(3) 

BP TC 

Nov 2014(4) 

Double-hulled
 ATBs (Barge / Tug) 

M 209 /
 OSG Enterprise 

1980 / 2005 

25,321 

206,000 

Owned 

Marathon TC 

Nov 2008 

OSG 214
 / OSG Honour 

1975 / 2004 

26,410 

207,000 

Owned 

Marathon TC 

Nov 2008 

OSG 254
 / OSG Intrepid 

1970 / 2002 

31,605 

250,000 

Owned 

Valero TC 

Aug 2010 

M 252 /
 Navigator 

1972 / 2002 

30,933 

250,000 

Owned 

Chevron CVC 

June 2009 

M 244 /
 Seafarer(5) 

1971 / 2001 

29,042 

236,000 

Owned 

Chevron CVC 

June 2009 

OSG 242
 / OSG Columbia 

1981 / 2007 

25,680 

234,299 

Owned 

SVC 

OSG 243
 / OSG Independence(6) 

1982 / Being
 Retrofitted 

25,216 

234,299 

Owned 

Being Retrofitted 

N/A 

Double-hulled
 CTBs (Barge / Tug) 

M 192 /
 Freedom(7) 

1979 / 1998 

21,914 

172,000 

Owned 

Sunoco TC 

Feb 2008(4) 

(1) Barrels
at 98 capacity. 

6 

(2) TC: Time Charter, COA:
Contract of Affreightment, CVC: Consecutive Voyage Charter, SVC: Spot Voyage
Charter. 

 (3) Bareboat-In expiration
date shown is the expiration date of initial bareboat charter period (end of
minimum commitment period). The term of each bareboat charter may be extended
at our option for varying periods up to the entire useful life of the vessel. 

 (4) Charter-Out expiration
dates refer to end of the firm charter period. Charterer has option to extend
for varying additional periods. 

 (5) Upon delivery of our new
8,000 horsepower tug OSG Endurance, we
plan to sell Seafarer . 

 (6) This ATB is currently
undergoing expansion and conversion to double-hull configuration and is
scheduled to re-enter service in the second quarter of 2008. 

 (7) Upon delivery of our new
8,000 horsepower tug OSG Courageous, we
plan to sell Freedom . 

Newbuilds 

OSG has contributed to us, without any further
obligation to OSG, the membership interests in subsidiaries that have entered
into bareboat charters for five Jones Act product carriers to be constructed by
Aker Philadelphia Shipyard, Inc. APSI and scheduled for delivery
between 2008 and early 2010; and subsidiaries that have entered into
shipbuilding contracts with Bender for the construction of two tugs. With
respect to the five product carriers we are committed to bareboat charter from
Aker, we are only required to pay charter hire once the product carriers have
been delivered. Please read Bareboat Charters from Aker of Our Newbuilds. 
With respect to the tugs we are committed to purchase, we will be responsible
for all remaining payments due under the shipbuilding contracts, which we
expect will be approximately 23 million. 

The following table sets forth information concerning
the five newbuild product carriers to be constructed by Aker that we have
agreed to bareboat charter from subsidiaries of Aker and two tugs under
construction by Bender that we have agreed to acquire, which will replace two
older tugs currently included in our initial fleet shown above. 

Expected 

Delivery 

Cargo Capacity 

Bareboat-In 

Charter-Out 

Vessel Name 

Date 

DWT 

Barrels(1) 

Expiration 

Charterer(2) 

Expiration 

Double-hulled
 Product Carriers 

Overseas
 New York 

2008 

46,815 

324,000 

May 2015(3) 

Shell TC 

May 2011(4) 

Overseas
 Texas City 

2008 

46,815 

324,000 

Sep 2015(3) 

BP TC 

Sep 2011(4) 

Overseas
 Boston 

2009 

46,815 

324,000 

Jan 2014(3) 

Tesoro TC 

Jan 2012(2) 

Overseas
 Nikiski 

2009 

46,815 

324,000 

May 2014(3) 

Tesoro TC 

May 2012(4) 

Overseas
 Anacortes 

2010 

46,815 

324,000 

May 2015(3) 

Tesoro TC 

May 2013(4) 

8,000 Horsepower
 Tugs 

OSG
 Courageous 

2008 

OSG
 Endurance 

2009 

(1) Barrels at 98 capacity. 

 (2) TC: Time Charter. 

 (3) Bareboat-In expiration
date shown is the expiration date of firm charter period (end of minimum
commitment period). The term of each bareboat charter may be extended at our
option for varying periods up to the entire useful life of the vessel. 

 (4) Charter-Out expiration
dates refer to end of the firm charter period. Charterer has option to extend
for varying additional periods. 

7 

Optional Vessels 

Pursuant to our omnibus agreement with OSG, we have
options to purchase up to six newbuild ATBs scheduled for delivery from Bender
between late 2008 and late 2010 and to acquire from OSG the right to bareboat
charter up to two newbuild double-hulled product carriers and up to two
newbuild double-hulled shuttle tankers from Aker, scheduled for delivery
between late 2009 and early 2011. The following table sets forth information
concerning the six newbuild ATBs for which we have options to purchase and two
newbuild double-hulled product carriers and two newbuild double-hulled shuttle
tankers for which we have options to bareboat charter: 

Expected 

Owned/ 

Delivery 

Cargo Capacity 

Bareboat-In 

Charter-Out 

Vessel Name 

Date 

DWT 

Barrels(1) 

Expiration 

Charterer(2) 

Expiration 

Double-hulled
 Product Carriers 

Overseas
 Martinez 

2010 

46,815 

324,000 

Jan 2015 (3) 

Tesoro TC 

Jan 2013(4) 

Overseas
 Tampa 

2011 

46,815 

324,000 

Mar 2021(3) 

Double-hulled
 Shuttle Tankers 

Overseas
 Chinook 

2010(5) 

46,815 

324,000 

Sep 2019(3) 

Petrobras TC 

Jan 2015(4) 

Overseas
 Cascade 

2011(5) 

46,815 

324,000 

Nov 2020(3) 

Petrobras TC 

Mar 2015(4) 

Double-hulled
 ATBs (Barge / Tug) 

OSG 350
 / OSG Vision 

2008 

45,556 

347,000 

Owned 

Sunoco COA 

Oct 2018 

OSG 351
 / OSG Quest 

2009 

45,556 

347,000 

Owned 

Sunoco COA 

Oct 2018 

OSG 352
 / OSG Horizon 

2009 

45,556 

347,000 

Owned 

Sunoco COA 

Oct 2018 

OSG 296
 / OSG Endeavor 

2009 

37,187 

290,000 

Owned 

OSG 297
 / OSG Mariner 

2010 

37,187 

290,000 

Owned 

OSG 298
 / OSG Discovery 

2010 

37,187 

290,000 

Owned 

(1) Barrels at 98 capacity. 

 (2) TC: Time Charter, COA:
Contract of Affreightment. 

 (3) Bareboat-In expiration
date shown is the expiration date of initial bareboat charter period (end of
minimum commitment period). The term of each bareboat charter may be extended
at our option for varying periods for up to the entire useful life of the
vessel. 

 (4) Charter-Out expiration
dates refer to end of the firm charter period. Charterer has option to extend
for varying additional periods. 

 (5) Scheduled delivery date
shown is for the completion of the conversion of the product carrier to a
shuttle tanker. 

Bareboat
Charters from Aker of Our Newbuilds 

General 

 We believe that employing a fleet of both owned and
bareboat chartered vessels provides us operational and financial flexibility.
Our vessels that are bareboat chartered provide us with several advantages
including: 

they do not
require any initial capital investment and the bareboat hire payments commence
only when the vessels have been delivered to us, thus allowing us to maintain a
more conservative capital structure and to generate higher returns on capital
for our unitholders; 

 they provide us
with significant choices and flexibility through our unlimited options to
extend the term of the charter; 

 they allow us to
control the size of our fleet to optimize utilization of our vessels; and 

 they provide us
the opportunity to upgrade our fleet, as more technologically advanced vessels
are constructed. 

In June 2005, OSG entered into bareboat charters
for ten Jones Act product carriers to be constructed by APSI and scheduled for
delivery between 2007 and 2010. Following completion of construction the vessels
are sold to leasing subsidiaries of American Shipping Corporation, a subsidiary
of Aker and an affiliate of APSI, that in turn bareboat charter the vessels to
OSG. In February 2007, OSG agreed in principle to bareboat charter up to
six additional Jones Act product carriers scheduled for delivery between 2010
and 2011. In October 2007, OSG entered into bareboat charters for two
additional vessels, the Overseas Cascade 
and the Overseas Chinook, and the
prior agreement in principle for six additional vessels was terminated. The bareboat charters of eight of the
original ten vessels have been assigned to us and we have 

8 

options to acquire from OSG the right to bareboat
charter up to all four of the remaining vessels, which include the Overseas Cascade and the Overseas Chinook . 

Terms
of the Bareboat Charters 

The initial terms of the
bareboat charters vary in length from five, seven and ten years. We have the right to extend the initial terms
for an unlimited number of times for renewal periods of one, three or five
years upon 12 months advance notice, provided, however, that our right to a
one-year extension may only be exercised once. 
Under the bareboat charters, we are required to pay charter hire on a hell-or-high-water 
basis. This means that, except in the case of an Event of Loss as defined in
the bareboat charter, we will be required to pay the agreed bareboat charter
hire whether or not the vessel is available to us for charter to our customers.
We are also responsible for all operating costs, including the cost of repairs,
maintenance, drydocking, spares, stores, hull and machinery insurance, war risk
insurance and protection and indemnity insurance coverage for each vessel for
the benefit of the owner and its lenders. 
The bareboat charter rate for each option period is subject to increase
based upon the increase, if any, in the interest rate payable by Aker on the
related vessel debt above a stated amount. 

We have also provided
Aker a guaranty of the payment and performance of the obligations of our
subsidiaries under the bareboat charters, other than any obligations relating
to or arising in connection with any environmental laws or liabilities.
Further, we have provided Aker with a limited indemnity of losses with respect
to each of the vessels that our subsidiaries bareboat charter from Aker arising
out of any environmental liability excluded from our guaranty if the losses
arose from an incident not fully covered by insurance and the unavailability or
insufficiency of insurance is determined to have occurred as a result of a
breach by us of the provisions of the bareboat charter. Our indemnity is
limited to an amount equal to the lesser of (1) the outstanding principal
amount of Aker s loans solely attributable to the vessel and (2) a
notional loan balance attributable to the vessel. 

Profit
Sharing 

We have time chartered-out the eight vessels we have
bareboat chartered-in from Aker to OSG Product Tankers, LLC, an entity that is
indirectly owned by us and Aker and in which OSG has no direct equity interest.
OSG Product Tankers, LLC has in turn time chartered the vessels to customers
for fixed terms of between three and seven years, which terms can be further
extended at the customer s option. The
effect of the ownership structure of OSG Product Tankers, LLC and the other
limited liability companies owned by OSG and Aker is to share profits between
us and Aker, or OSG and Aker, respectively, at a rate of 51 /49 , respectively. 

The time charter hire paid by OSG Product Tankers, LLC
to us is equal to the sum of the bareboat charter hire paid by us to Aker, our
cost of operating the vessels, a management fee and a fixed charge payable to
us. Profit is calculated as the difference between the time charter hire paid
by customers to OSG Product Tankers, LLC and the time charter hire paid by OSG
Product Tankers, LLC to us. During any period that the amount of time charter
hire paid by the customer to OSG Product Tankers, LLC is insufficient to pay
the full amount of the time charter hire payable by OSG Product Tankers, LLC,
we have agreed to advance the amount of any such shortfall to OSG Product
Tankers, LLC. In general, advances are repaid to us quarterly, provided that
such obligation to repay the advances is subject to reduction at the end of the
calendar year in which the advances are made by the amount of the fixed charge
paid to us during such year. If any advances remain unpaid at the end of the
following calendar year, such advances will terminate without being repaid.
Aker is not entitled to receive profit sharing while any advances are
outstanding. 

In the event we exercise
our options to acquire the right to bareboat charter one or both of the Overseas Martinez and the Overseas Tampa , we will similarly time
charter-out these vessels to OSG Product Tankers, LLC. Until such time as we
exercise our options, these two vessels will be time chartered by OSG to OSG
Product Tankers Martinez, LLC New Martinez Time Charterer ), a limited
liability company indirectly owned by OSG and Aker and in which we have no
equity interest. If we exercise any of
our options to acquire the right to bareboat charter one or both of the
newbuild shuttle tankers from Aker, the Overseas
Cascade and the Overseas Chinook ,
we will time charter-out these vessels to OSG Shuttle Tankers Chinook, LLC , a
limited liability company indirectly owned by us and Aker and in which OSG has
no direct equity interest. During the
time that we have not exercised our options to acquire the right to the
bareboat charters of the Overseas Martinez,
Overseas Tampa, Overseas Cascade or Overseas
Chinook , OSG has agreed to make advances to New Martinez Time
Charterer and the limited liability company organized by OSG and Aker to be the
time charterer of the Overseas Cascade and the Overseas Chinook (such newly
formed entity together with the New Martinez Time Charterer, the New OSG Time
Charterers to fund the difference between time charter hire paid to such New
OSG Time Charterer by its customers and the 

9 

amount of time charter
hire payable by such New OSG Time Charterer. OSG s advances with respect to a
New OSG Time Charterer are subject to reduction and termination by the amount
of the fixed charge paid to OSG by such New OSG Time Charterer in the same
manner as our advances to OSG Product Tankers, LLC. 

To maintain the economics
of the profit sharing arrangement with Aker with respect to the vessels we have
bareboat chartered-in from Aker, we and OSG have agreed with Aker that for so
long as we have not exercised the options to acquire the right to bareboat
charter-in both the Overseas Martinez 
and the Overseas Tampa , all
calculations of advances and profit sharing shall be made as if OSG Product
Tankers, LLC and New Martinez Time Charterer were a single entity. This
arrangement may result in, among other things, both us and OSG making or
receiving repayment of greater or lesser advances than would be the case absent
this agreement. However, we have agreed with OSG for each to reimburse the
other in such amount as may be necessary so that the distributions we receive
and the advances we make are the same as would have been the case absent such
agreement with Aker. A similar situation
could arise if we exercise our option to acquire the right to bareboat
charter-in from Aker one but not both of the Overseas
Cascade and Overseas Chinook . 

Pooling
Agreement 

We are party to a pooling agreement with OSG, OSG Ship
Management, Inc. OSGM ), New Martinez Time Charterer and certain other
subsidiaries of OSG under which the TCE revenues from all Jones Act product
carriers owned or operated by OSG (and certain of its subsidiaries), us and the
New Martinez Time Charterer are allocated among the pool vessels according to
an agreed-upon formula. The formula gives effect to each product carrier s
performance, taking into account factors such as carrying capacity, speed, fuel
consumption, and the number of days that the vessel was available for
employment during the relevant time period. The formula is subject to review
and adjustment by the parties every six months. 
The pooling arrangement was established to provide for the common
marketing, commercial operation and employment of our product carriers, thereby
eliminating any conflict of interest that might arise from OSG s commercial
management of product carriers from which it earns 100 of the profit and the
product carriers bareboat chartered from Aker, from which it earns 51 of the
profit. The pooling agreement does not have an established term of duration,
but product carriers will cease to be subject to the agreement when it is no
longer controlled by a pool member. 

All of our existing and future tank vessels engaged in
the Jones Act trade of transporting refined petroleum products are subject to
the pooling agreement. However, as of December 31,
2007 only nine of our eighteen tank vessels participated in the pool because
under the terms of the pooling agreement, only those vessels not subject to an existing
time charter at the delivery of the Overseas Houston were required to be
included in the pool. The vessels
subject to a time charter at such time will participate in the pool upon the
expiration of such time charter (or any renewals or extensions of such time
charter). 

Aker s Debt and Deferred Principal
Obligation 

Under the bareboat charters for the first ten vessels
ordered from Aker, the bareboat charterer has the right to help Aker improve
the terms of its debt financing for the vessels, including without limitation,
by reducing the interest rate or extending the principal amortization schedule
and, if successful, to reap the benefit through a reduced bareboat charter rate
during the term in which the benefit is obtained. 

To the extent that a longer principal amortization
schedule results in an increased amount of debt outstanding at the end of the
initial or optional terms, a Deferred Principal Obligation DPO is created
in the form of an interest-bearing obligation to be amortized in equal
quarterly installments over the remaining useful life of the vessel and added
to the bareboat charter hire paid. Additional profit sharing earned by Aker
will reduce the DPO dollar for dollar during the initial term of the bareboat
charters. If the charterer fails to renew the bareboat charter, the remaining
DPO becomes payable upon redelivery of the vessel. 

In August 2005, OSG assisted Aker with a
financing of the first five vessels which gave rise to a DPO that accrues on a
daily basis over the seven year initial term of the five charters to a maximum
liability of 7 million per vessel, or 35 million in total. As a result of the
assignment of these bareboat charters to us, we will pay the reduced bareboat
rate and assume the DPO liability. If the charters are not extended, the
liability is immediately payable upon redelivery of the vessels to Aker. If, on
the other hand, the charters are extended, the liability is repaid over 18
years; but, if at any time during those 18 years the charters are discontinued,
the remaining balance of the liability is immediately payable upon redelivery
of the vessels. The DPO liability that accrues on each of the five vessels each
year during the initial term is reduced by the increase in profit sharing paid
by OSG Product Tankers, LLC to Aker resulting from the reduction in the
bareboat rate. We will account for the DPO liability that accrues each year as
additional bareboat charter hire expense. 

10 

Maritime Security Program MSP 

The Maritime Administration of the Department of
Transportation administers the MSP, which is intended to support the operation
of up to 60 U.S. flag vessels in the foreign commerce of the United States to
make available a fleet of active, commercially viable, privately owned vessels
to the Department of Defense during times of war or national emergency. 

Payments are made under the MSP to vessel operators,
including OSG and us, to help offset the high cost of employing a U.S. crew.
These payments equal 2.6 million per ship per year for 2007 and 2008,
 2.9 million per ship per year for 2009 through 2011 and 3.1 million
per ship per year for 2012 through 2015. 

We own and operate two foreign-built U.S. flag product
carriers, the Overseas Maremar and
 Overseas Luxmar, that are entered
in the MSP. These two product carriers are not eligible to operate in the Jones
Act trade because they were not built in the United States. 

Management of Ship Operations,
Administration and Safety 

OSG provides to us, through its subsidiary OSGM,
expertise that allows for the safe, efficient and cost-effective operation for
our vessels. Pursuant to the management agreement and an administrative
services agreement entered into with OSGM we have access to: 

Human resources,
financial and other administrative functions, including: 

bookkeeping, audit and
accounting services; 

 administrative and
clerical services; 

 banking and financial
services; and 

 client and investor
relations services. 

Technical and
commercial management services including: 

commercial management
of our vessels; 

 vessel maintenance and
crewing; 

 purchasing and
insurance; and 

 shipyard supervision. 

For more information on the management and
administrative services agreements we have with OSGM, please read Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions Management Agreement and Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions Administrative Services Agreement. 

Our Investment in Alaska Tanker
Company, LLC 

We own a 37.5 interest in Alaska Tanker Company, LLC ATC ). ATC is a joint venture that was formed in 1999 by OSG, Keystone
Alaska, LLC and BP Oil Shipping USA, Inc. BP to consolidate the
management of BP s Alaskan crude oil shipping operations. As a result, ATC has
the exclusive right to transport all of BP s Alaskan oil and natural gas. ATC
currently bareboat charters and operates five crude-oil tankers that transport
Alaskan crude oil for BP from the Trans Alaska Pipeline terminus in Valdez,
Alaska to a number of refineries on the West Coast. Four of these vessels are
185,000 dwt Alaska Class tankers, which were purpose-built for the Alaska
crude trade by NASSCO, a San Diego shipyard owned by General Dynamics
Corporation, between 2004 and 2006. These four vessels have double-hulls and
redundant propulsion and steering systems. ATC is time chartering these four
vessels to BP until 2023. The fifth vessel is a double-hulled crude-oil tanker
of 125,000 dwt that was built in 1979 and is subject to a time charter to BP
expiring at the end of 2011. 

The time charter revenue ATC receives under each time
charter is equal to the sum of: 

the bareboat hire it
pays to the vessel owner; 

 the actual vessel
operating costs it incurs; 

 full reimbursement of
actual overhead expenses as allocated on a per-vessel basis; and 

 incentive hire for the
achievement of certain operational and safety benchmarks. 

The incentive hire earned by ATC effectively
constitutes its net income and is distributed to its members, based upon their
ownership interest in ATC, once a year in the first quarter of the subsequent
year. The dividend paid to all members in respect of the year ended December 31,
2007, was 15.3 million. 

11 

Our
Customers 

Our
two largest customers in 2007 based on gross revenue were Chevron and Marathon,
each of which accounted for more than 10 of our consolidated revenues for
those periods. No other customer accounted for more than 10 of our
consolidated revenues for those periods. See Note B to the consolidated
financial statements in Item 8 of this report. 

Preventative
Maintenance 

OSGM
is responsible for the maintenance of our fleet. OSGM has a computerized
preventative maintenance program that tracks U.S. Coast Guard and American
Bureau of Shipping inspection schedules and establishes a system for the
reporting and handling of routine maintenance and repair. 

Vessels
utilize a computerized maintenance system that provides for daily inputs, which
are used to note conditions that may require maintenance or repair. Vessel
superintendents are responsible for reviewing these entries, inspecting
identified discrepancies, assigning a priority classification and generating
work orders. Work orders establish job type, assign personnel responsible for
the task and record target start and completion dates. Vessel superintendents
inspect repairs completed by the crew, supervise outside contractors as needed
and conduct follow-up inspections. Drills and training exercises are conducted
in conjunction with these inspections, which are typically more comprehensive
in scope. In addition, an operations duty officer is available on a 24-hour
basis to handle any operational issues. In addition, a qualified individual is
prepared to respond on scene whenever required and is trained in spill control
and emergency response. 

The
American Bureau of Shipping and the U.S. Coast Guard establish drydocking
schedules. Prior to sending a vessel to a shipyard, we develop comprehensive
work lists to ensure all required work is completed. Shipyard facilities bid on
these work lists, and jobs are awarded based on price and time to complete.
Vessels then clean to prepare for the shipyard. Once the vessel is gas-free, a
certified marine chemist issues paperwork certifying that no dangerous vapors
are present. The vessel proceeds to the shipyard where the vessel superintendent
and certain crew members assist in performing the required work. The drydock
period is considered complete when all work has been tested to the satisfaction
of American Bureau of Shipping or U.S. Coast Guard inspectors or both and us. 

Safety 

General 

 OSGM is responsible for managing our health and safety
programs. OSGM is committed to operating our vessels in a manner that protects
the safety and health of our employees, the general public and the environment.
Its primary goal is to minimize the number of safety and health related
accidents involving our vessels and considerable effort is devoted to avoiding
personal injuries and reducing occupational health hazards and preventing
accidents that may cause damage to our personnel, equipment or the environment.
OSGM is committed to reducing harmful emissions from our vessels and to the
safe management of waste generated by cargo residues and tank cleaning. 

OSGM s policy is to follow all applicable laws and
regulations and actively participate with government, trade organizations and
the public in creating responsible laws, regulations and standards to safeguard
the workplace, the community and the environment. OSGM identifies areas that
may require special training, including new initiatives that are evolving
within the industry. Its Marine Personnel department is responsible for all
training, whether conducted in-house or at an independent training facility. 

Vessel Characteristics 

 All of our vessels are subject to U.S. Coast Guard
inspection and classification by the ABS. In addition, air quality regulations
require our vessels to be fitted to prevent the release of any cargo fumes or
vapors into the atmosphere. Each of our product carriers and barges that
transports refined petroleum products has been outfitted with a vapor recovery
system that connects the cargo tanks to the shore terminal via pipe and hose to
return to the plant the vapors generated while loading. Our product carriers
and barges have alarms that indicate when the tank is full (98 of capacity) in
order to alert the operator of the risk of overfilling one or more tanks. 

Safety Management Systems 

 OSGM has developed and implemented a Safety Management
System SMS for our entire fleet that is ISO 9001:2000 and ISO 14001:2004
certified. It incorporates the requirements of the International Safety
Management ISM system and the American Waterways Operators Responsible
Carrier Program. The SMS is designed to be a framework for continuously
improving our operational and safety performance by incorporating industry best
practices in the areas of management and administration and equipment and
inspection. The program is designed to complement and expand on existing
governmental 

12 

regulations requiring, in many instances, that our safety and training
standards exceed those required by federal law or regulation. 

All of our vessels are currently certified under the
standards of the ISM system. The ISM standards were promulgated by the
International Maritime Organization IMO several years ago and have been
adopted through treaty by many IMO member countries, including the United
States. 

Major Oil Company Vetting Process 

 Shipping, especially the carriage of crude oil and
refined petroleum product carriers and barges operating in the Jones Act trade,
has been, and will remain heavily regulated by the federal government, the IMO
and classification societies such as the American Bureau of Shipping.
Furthermore, concerns for the environment and public image have led the major
oil companies to develop and implement a strict due diligence process when
selecting their commercial shipping partners to ensure risk exposure is managed
using pre-defined acceptance criteria. The vetting process has therefore evolved
into a sophisticated and comprehensive assessment of both the vessel and the
vessel operator. 

While numerous factors are considered and evaluated
prior to a commercial decision, major oil companies through their association,
Oil Companies International Marine Forum OCIMF ), have developed and
implemented two basic tools: a Ship Inspection Report Program SIRE and the
Tanker Management Self Assessment TMSA Program. 

The SIRE ship inspection process is based upon a
thorough vessel inspection performed by accredited OCIMF inspectors, resulting
in a report being generated and available for viewing by all OCIMF members. The
report is an important element of the ship evaluation undertaken by any major
oil company when a commercial need exists. 

The TMSA Program, a recent addition to the risk
assessment tools used by major oil companies, is composed of a set of key
performance indicators against which a tanker management company must self
assess their compliance and submit the results to the major oil companies for
their evaluation. The tanker management company is expected to develop a
comprehensive plan for full compliance with both the key performance indicators
and the best practices identified in the TMSA Program. Major oil companies will
then use the submitted results as a baseline when performing management audits
to determine if the tanker management company is in fact operating in
accordance with expectations. 

Based upon commercial needs, there are three levels of
assessment used by the major oil companies: (1) terminal use, which will
clear a vessel to call at one of the major oil company s terminals; (2) voyage
charter, which will clear the vessel for a single voyage; and (3) term
charter, which will clear the vessel for use for an extended period of time.
The depth, complexity and difficulty of each of these levels of assessment
vary. 

While for the terminal use and voyage charter
relationships a ship inspection and the operator s TMSA will be sufficient for
the major oil company s assessment, a term charter relationship might also
require a thorough office audit. The major oil company will then review SIRE
reports and TMSA submissions, as well as the vessel s status with the U.S.
Coast Guard and the American Bureau of Shipping. 

OSG and OSGM have undergone and successfully completed
numerous audits by major international oil companies in the past and we are
well positioned to be a carrier of choice in the Jones Act trade. 

Classification, Inspection and
Certification 

In accordance with standard industry practice, all of
our vessels have been certified as being in-class by the American Bureau of
Shipping. The American Bureau of Shipping is one of several internationally
recognized classification societies that inspect vessels at regularly scheduled
intervals to ensure compliance with structural standards and certain applicable
safety regulations. Most insurance underwriters require an in-class 
certification by a classification society before they will extend coverage to a
vessel. The classification society certifies that the pertinent vessel has been
built and maintained in accordance with the rules of the society and
complies with applicable rules and regulations of the vessel s country of
registry and the international conventions of which that country is a member.
Inspections are conducted on our vessels by a surveyor of the classification
society in three types of surveys of varying frequency and thoroughness: (1) annual
surveys, (2) an intermediate survey every two to three years, and (3) a
special survey every four to five years. As part of the intermediate survey, a
vessel may be required to be drydocked or have an underwater survey every 24 to
36 months for inspection of its underwater parts and for any necessary
repair work related to such inspection. 

Our vessels are also inspected at periodic intervals
by the U.S. Coast Guard to ensure compliance with federal safety and security
regulations. All of our cargo carrying vessels carry Certificates of Inspection
issued by the U.S. Coast Guard. 

13 

Our vessels and shoreside operations are also
inspected and audited periodically by our customers, in some cases as a
precondition to chartering our vessels. We maintain all necessary approvals required
for our vessels to operate in their normal trade. We believe that the high
quality of our vessels, our crews and our shoreside staff are advantages when
competing against other vessel operators. 

Insurance and Risk Management 

We believe that OSGM has arranged for adequate
insurance coverage to protect against the accident-related risks involved in
the conduct of our business and risks of liability for environmental damage and
pollution, consistent with industry practice. We cannot assure you, however,
that all risks are adequately insured against, that any particular claims will
be paid or that we will be able to procure adequate insurance coverage at
commercially reasonable rates in the future. 

Our hull and machinery insurance covers risks of actual
or constructive loss from collision, fire, grounding, engine breakdown and
other casualties up to an agreed value per vessel. Our war-risks insurance
covers risks of confiscation, seizure, capture, vandalism, sabotage and other
war-related risks. Our commercial loss-of-hire insurance policy covers us for
loss of revenue during extended vessel off-hire periods due to casualties
covered by our hull and machinery coverage. We believe that this type of
coverage reduces our exposure to large drops in revenue due to catastrophic
events. 

Our protection and indemnity insurance covers
third-party liabilities and other related expenses from, among other things,
injury or death of crew, passengers and other third parties, claims arising
from collisions, damage to cargo, damage to third-party property, past asbestos
exposure and pollution arising from oil or other substances. Our current
protection and indemnity insurance coverage for pollution is 1 billion
per incident and is provided by the UK Club and GARD, each of which is a member
of the International Group of P I Clubs. The protection and indemnity
mutual assurance associations that comprise the International Group of P I
Clubs insure approximately 90 of the world s commercial tonnage and have
entered into a pooling agreement to reinsure each association s liabilities.
Each protection and indemnity association has capped its exposure to this
pooling agreement at approximately 5.45 billion per non-pollution
incident. As a member of the UK Club and GARD, we are subject to periodic
assessments payable to the associations based on our claims record, as well as
the claims record of all other members of the individual associations and
members of the UK Club and GARD. 

Regulation 

Our operations are subject to significant
international, federal, state and local regulation, the principal provisions of
which are described below. 

Environmental 

General. Government
environmental regulation significantly affects the ownership and operation of
our vessels. Our vessels are subject to international conventions, federal,
state and local laws and regulations relating to safety and health and
environmental protection, including the generation, storage, handling,
emission, transportation and discharge of hazardous and non-hazardous
materials. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, substantial costs to
meet environmental requirements. Although we believe that we are in substantial
compliance with applicable safety and health and environmental laws and
regulations, we cannot predict the ultimate cost of complying with these
requirements or the impact of these requirements on the resale value or useful
lives of our vessels. The recent trend in environmental legislation is toward
more stringent requirements and we believe this trend will continue. In
addition, a future serious marine incident occurring in U.S. or international
waters that results in significant oil pollution or otherwise causes
significant environmental impact could result in additional legislation or
regulation. 

Various governmental and quasi-governmental agencies
require us to obtain permits, licenses and certificates for the operation of
our vessels. While we believe that we have all permits, licenses and
certificates necessary for the conduct of our operations, frequently changing
and increasingly stringent requirements, future non-compliance or failure to
maintain necessary permits or approvals could require us to incur substantial
costs or temporarily suspend operation of one or more of our vessels. 

We maintain operating standards for all of our vessels
that emphasize operational safety, quality maintenance, continuous training of
our crews, officers and shoreside staff, care for the environment and
compliance with U.S. regulations. Our vessels are subject to both scheduled and
unscheduled inspections by a variety of governmental and private entities, each
of which may have unique requirements. These entities include the local port
authorities (U.S. Coast Guard or other port authorities), classification societies
and charterers, particularly terminal operators and oil companies. 

14 

We manage our exposure to losses from potential
discharges of pollutants through the use of well maintained, managed and
equipped vessels, a comprehensive safety and environmental program, including a
maritime compliance program, and our insurance program. Moreover, we believe we
will be able to accommodate reasonably foreseeable environmental regulatory
changes. However, the risks of substantial costs, liabilities and penalties are
inherent in marine operations, including potential criminal prosecution and
civil penalties for discharge of pollutants. As a result, there can be no
assurance that any new regulations or requirements or any discharge of
pollutants by us will not have a material adverse effect on us. 

The Oil
Pollution Act of 1990 . 
The Oil Pollution Act of 1990 OPA 90 established an extensive
regulatory and liability regime for the protection and cleanup of the environment
from oil spills. OPA 90 affects all vessels trading in U.S. waters, including
the exclusive economic zone extending 200 miles seaward. OPA 90 sets forth
various technical and operating requirements for vessels operating in U.S.
waters. In general, all newly-built or converted vessels carrying crude oil and
petroleum-based products in U.S. waters must be built with double hulls.
Existing single-hulled, double-sided or double-bottomed vessels must be phased
out of service by 2015 based on their tonnage and age. Our double-hull ATBs
were successfully rebuilt to comply with OPA 90 using OSG s patented
double-hulling process. The majority of our current fleet is double-hulled in
terms of barrel-carrying capacity. Our four non-double hull product carriers
are due to be phased out under OPA 90 according to the following schedule: 

Vessel Name 

OPA 90 Retrofit/Phase-Out 
 Date 

Overseas
 Philadelphia 

May 2012 

Overseas
 Galena Bay 

October 2012 

Overseas
 Puget Sound 

May 2013 

Overseas
 New Orleans 

June 2013 

Our bareboat charters for Overseas New Orleans and Overseas
Philadelphia expire in October 2011 and November 2011,
respectively, at which time we plan to return these product carriers to their
owner because they are poor candidates for retrofitting due to their size and
single-hull configuration. While the remaining two vessels, Overseas Puget Sound and Overseas Galena Bay, are better candidates
for retrofitting because they are larger and have double-bottoms, we have not
decided whether to double-hull these vessels. We will base our final decision
on the cost of shipyard work for retrofitting these vessels, market conditions,
charter rates, the availability and cost of financing and other customary
factors governing investment decisions. 

Under OPA 90, owners or operators of vessels operating
in U.S. waters must file vessel spill response plans with the U.S. Coast Guard
and operate in compliance with these plans. These vessel response plans must,
among other things: 

address a worst case 
scenario and identify and ensure, through contract or other approved means, the
availability of necessary private response resources; 

 describe crew training
and drills; and 

 identify a qualified
individual with specific authority and responsibility to implement removal actions
in the event of an oil spill. 

Our vessel response plans have been accepted by the
U.S. Coast Guard and all of our vessel crew members and spill management team
personnel have been trained to comply with these guidelines. In addition, we
conduct regular oil-spill response drills in accordance with the guidelines set
out in OPA 90. We believe that all of our vessels are in substantial compliance
with OPA 90. 

Environmental
Spill and Release Liability . 
OPA 90 and various state laws have substantially increased the statutory
liability of owners and operators of vessels for the discharge or substantial
threat of a discharge of petroleum and the resulting damages, both as to the
limits of liability and the scope of damages. OPA 90 imposes joint and several strict
liability on responsible parties, including owners, operators and bareboat
charterers, for all containment and clean-up costs and other damages arising
from spills attributable to their vessels. A complete defense is available only
when the responsible party establishes that it exercised due care and took
precautions against foreseeable acts or omissions of third parties and when the
spill is caused solely by an act of God, act of war (including civil war and
insurrection) or a third party other than an employee or agent or party in a
contractual relationship with the responsible party. These limited defenses may
be lost if the responsible party fails to report the incident or reasonably
cooperate with the appropriate authorities or refuses to comply with an order
concerning clean-up activities. Even if the spill is caused solely by a third
party, the owner or operator must pay removal costs and damage claims and then
seek reimbursement from the third party or the trust fund established under OPA
90. Finally, in certain circumstances involving oil spills from vessels, OPA 90
and other environmental laws may impose criminal liability on personnel and the
corporate entity. 

15 

OPA 90 previously limited the liability of each
responsible party for a product carrier or barge that is over 3,000 gross tons
to the greater of 1,200 per gross ton or 10 million per discharge.
However, amendments to OPA 90 signed into law on July 11, 2006 increased
these limits on the liability of responsible parties to the greater of 1,900
per gross ton or 16 million per double-hull product carrier or barge that
is over 3,000 gross tons. This limit does not apply where the spill is caused
by gross negligence or willful misconduct of, or a violation of an applicable
federal safety, construction or operating regulation by, a responsible party or
its agent or employee or a person acting pursuant to a contractual relationship
with the responsible party. The right to limitation will also be lost if the
responsible party fails to report an oil spill, fails to cooperate with
governmental authorities in spill removal efforts or fails to comply with a
governmental spill removal order. 

In addition to removal costs, OPA 90 provides for
recovery of damages, including: 

natural resource
damages and related assessment costs; 

 real and personal property damages; 

 net loss of taxes, royalties, rents, fees and
other lost revenues; 

 net cost of public services necessitated by a
spill response, such as protection from fire, safety or health hazards; 

 loss of profits or impairment of earning
capacity due to the injury, destruction or loss of real property, personal
property and natural resources; and 

 loss of subsistence use of natural resources. 

OPA 90 imposes financial responsibility requirements
for petroleum product carriers and barges operating in U.S. waters and requires
owners and operators of such vessels to establish and maintain with the U.S.
Coast Guard evidence of their financial responsibility sufficient to meet their
potential liabilities, as discussed below. Under the regulations, we may
satisfy these requirements through evidence of insurance, a surety bond, a
guarantee, letter of credit, qualification as a self-insurer or other evidence
of financial responsibility. We have received certificates of financial
responsibility from the U.S. Coast Guard for all of our vessels subject to this
requirement. 

OPA 90 expressly provides that individual states are
entitled to enforce their own pollution liability laws, even if imposing
greater liability than OPA 90. There is no uniform liability scheme among the
states. Some states have schemes similar to OPA 90 for limiting liability to
various amounts, while some rely on common law fault-based remedies and others
impose strict and/or unlimited liability on an owner or operator. Virtually all
coastal states have enacted their own pollution prevention, liability and
response laws, whether statutory or through court decisions, with many providing
for some form of unlimited liability. We believe that the liability provisions
of OPA 90 and similar state laws have greatly expanded potential liability in
the event of an oil spill, even when the vessel owner or operator is not at
fault. Some states have also established their own requirements for financial
responsibility. 

We are also subject to potential liability arising
under the U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and
Liability Act CERCLA ), which applies to the discharge of hazardous
substances (other than petroleum), whether on land or at sea. Specifically,
CERCLA provides for liability of owners and operators of vessels for cleanup
and removal of hazardous substances and provides for additional penalties in
connection with environmental damage. Liability under CERCLA for releases of
hazardous substances from vessels is limited to the greater of 300 per gross
ton or 5 million per discharge unless attributable to willful misconduct
or neglect, a violation of applicable standards or rules or upon failure
to provide reasonable cooperation and assistance, in which case liability is
unlimited. CERCLA liability for releases from facilities other than vessels is
generally unlimited. 

OPA 90 also requires owners and operators of vessels
to establish and maintain with the U.S. Coast Guard evidence of financial
responsibility sufficient to meet the limit of their potential strict liability
under the statute. The U.S. Coast Guard has enacted regulations requiring
evidence of financial responsibility consistent with the previous limits of
liability described above for OPA 90 and CERCLA, which combined limit for
vessels was increased from 1,500 per gross ton to 2,200 per gross ton
effective October 9, 2006, when the increased liability limits under OPA
90 went into effect. Under the regulations, evidence of financial
responsibility may be demonstrated by insurance, surety bond, self-insurance,
guaranty, or an alternative method subject to approval by the Director of the
U.S. Coast Guard. In addition, OPA 90
and CERCLA each preserve the right to recover damages under other existing
laws, including maritime tort law. 

Water
Discharges. The federal Water Pollution Control Act, also
referred to as the Clean Water Act, prohibits the discharge of pollutants,
including oil or hazardous substances, in U.S. navigable waters without a
permit and imposes strict liability in the form of penalties for unauthorized
discharges. The Clean Water Act also imposes substantial liability for the
costs of removal, remediation and damages relating to such discharges and
complements the remedies available under the more recent OPA 90 and CERCLA,
discussed above. The Environmental Protection Agency EPA historically
exempted the discharge of ballast water and other substances incidental to the
normal operation of vessels in U.S. ports from Clean Water Act permitting
requirements. However, on March 30, 2005, a U.S. District Court ruled that
the EPA exceeded its authority in creating an exemption for ballast water. On September 18,
2006, the court issued an order invalidating the 

16 

exemption in the EPA s regulations for all discharges
incidental to the normal operation of a vessel as of September 30, 2008
and directing the EPA to develop a system for regulating all vessel discharges
by that date. The EPA has appealed this decision. However, if the exemption is
ultimately repealed, we would be subject to Clean Water Act permit requirements
that could include ballast water treatment obligations, which would increase
the cost of our operations. For example, this could require the installation of
costly equipment on our vessels to treat ballast water before it is discharged,
or the implementation of other port facility disposal arrangements or
procedures at potentially substantial cost. 

Solid
Waste. Our operations occasionally generate and
require the transportation, treatment and disposal of both hazardous and
non-hazardous solid wastes that are subject to the requirements of the federal
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA and comparable state and local
requirements. In August 1998, the EPA added four petroleum refining wastes
to the list of RCRA hazardous wastes. In addition, in the course of our vessel
operations, we engage contractors to remove and dispose of waste material,
including tank residue. In the event that such waste is found to be hazardous 
under either RCRA or the Clean Water Act and is disposed of in violation of
applicable law, we could be found jointly and severally liable for the cleanup
costs and any resulting damages. Finally, the EPA does not currently classify used
oil as hazardous waste, provided certain recycling standards are met.
However, some states in which we pick up or deliver cargo have classified used
oil as hazardous under state laws patterned after RCRA. The cost of managing
wastes generated by vessel operations has increased in recent years under
stricter state and federal standards. Additionally, from time to time we
arrange for the disposal of hazardous waste or hazardous substances at offsite
disposal facilities. If such materials are improperly disposed of by third
parties, we might still be liable for clean up costs under CERCLA or the
equivalent state laws. 

Air
Emissions. The federal Clean Air Act of 1970 CAA as
amended, requires the EPA to promulgate standards applicable to emissions of
volatile organic compounds and other air contaminants. Our vessels are subject
to vapor control and recovery requirements for certain cargoes when loading,
unloading, ballasting, cleaning and conducting other operations in regulated
port areas. Each of our product carriers and barges operating in the transport
of clean oil has been outfitted with a vapor recovery system that satisfies
these requirements. In addition, in December 1999 the EPA issued a final rule regarding
emissions standards for marine diesel engines. The final rule applies
emissions standards to new engines beginning with the 2004 model year. In the
preamble to the final rule, the EPA noted that it may revisit the application
of emissions standards to rebuilt or remanufactured engines if the industry
does not take steps to introduce new pollution control technologies. Finally,
the EPA recently entered into a settlement that will expand this rulemaking to
include certain large diesel engines not previously addressed in the final
rule. Adoption of such standards could require modifications to some existing
marine diesel engines and may require us to incur material capital
expenditures. 

Lightering activities in Delaware are subject to Title
V of the CAA. We are the only marine operator with a Title V permit to engage
in lightering operations in Delaware. The State of Delaware is in
non-compliance with EPA requirements for volatile organic compounds VOC and
we are the State of Delaware s largest single source of VOCs. The Delaware
Department of Natural Resources and Environment Control DNREC is currently
engaged in rulemaking to address emissions of VOCs from lightering operations
and OSGM is working closely with DNREC to craft regulations that reduce
emissions. In cooperation with DNREC, we have engaged in a pilot project
involving vapor balancing between our product carrier Overseas Integrity and a ship to be
lightered. In addition, we continue to evaluate other vapor reduction
techniques and OSG has incorporated vapor reduction technologies in the design
of three new ATBs that we have the option to purchase. 

The CAA also requires states to draft State Implementation
Plans SIP designed to attain national health-based air quality standards in
primarily major metropolitan and/or industrial areas. Where states fail to
present approvable SIPs or SIP revisions by certain statutory deadlines, the
federal government is required to draft a Federal Implementation Plan. Several
SIPs regulate emissions resulting from barge loading and degassing operations
by requiring the installation of vapor control equipment. As stated above, our
vessels are already equipped with vapor control systems that satisfy these
requirements. Although a risk exists that new regulations could require
significant capital expenditures and otherwise increase our costs, we believe,
based upon the regulations that have been proposed to date, that no material
capital expenditures beyond those currently contemplated and no material
increase in costs are likely to be required as a result of the SIPs program. 

In addition, in September 1997 the IMO adopted
Annex VI to the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from
Ships to address air pollution from ships. Annex VI was ratified in May 2004
and became effective in May 2005. Annex VI sets limits on sulfur oxide and
nitrogen oxide emissions from vessel exhausts and prohibits deliberate
emissions of ozone depleting substances, such as chlorofluorocarbons. We
believe that all of our vessels are currently compliant in all material
respects with these requirements. Annex VI also includes a global cap on the
sulphur content of fuel oil and allows for special areas to be established with
more stringent controls on sulphur emissions. 

17 

Coastwise
Laws 

The majority of our operations are conducted in the
U.S. domestic trade and governed by the coastwise laws of the United States,
which we refer to as the Jones Act. The Jones Act restricts marine
transportation between points in the United States to vessels built in and
documented under the laws of the United States U.S. flag and owned and manned
by U.S. citizens. Generally, an entity is deemed a U.S. citizen for these
purposes so long as: 

it is organized under
the laws of the United States or of a state; 

 its chief executive
officer, by whatever title, its chairman of its board of directors and all
persons authorized to act in the absence or disability of such persons are U.S.
citizens; 

 no more than a
minority of the number of its directors (or equivalent persons) necessary to
constitute a quorum are non-U.S. citizens; 

 at least 75 of the
stock or equity interest and voting power in the entity is beneficially owned
by U.S. citizens free of any trust, fiduciary arrangement or other agreement,
arrangement or understanding whereby voting power may be exercised directly or
indirectly by non-U.S. citizens; and 

 in the case of a
limited partnership, the general partner meets U.S. citizenship requirements
for U.S. coastwise trade. 

Because we could lose our privilege of operating our
vessels in the Jones Act trade if non-U.S. citizens were to own or control in
excess of 25 of our outstanding partnership interests, our partnership
agreement restricts foreign ownership and control of our partnership interests
to not more than a fixed percentage (currently 15 ), which is ten percentage
points less than the percentage that would prevent us from being a U.S. citizen
for purposes of the Jones Act. 

There have been repeated efforts to repeal or
significantly change the Jones Act. In addition, the U.S. government recently
granted limited short-term waivers to the Jones Act following Hurricanes
Katrina and Rita, which allowed foreign vessels to operate in the Jones Act
trade. Although we believe it is unlikely that the Jones Act will be
substantially modified or repealed, there can be no assurance that Congress
will not substantially modify or repeal such laws. 

Other 

Our vessels are subject
to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Coast Guard, the National Transportation Safety
Board, the U.S. Customs Service and the U.S. Maritime Administration, as well
as subject to rules of private industry organizations such as the American
Bureau of Shipping. These agencies and organizations establish safety standards
and are authorized to investigate vessels and accidents and to recommend
improved maritime safety standards. Moreover, to ensure compliance with
applicable safety regulations, the U.S. Coast Guard is authorized to inspect
vessels at will. 

Workplace Injury Liability 

The Supreme Court has ruled that application of state
workers compensation statutes to maritime workers is unconstitutional.
Injuries to maritime workers are therefore covered by the Jones Act, a separate
statute that regulates the U.S. coastwise trade. The Jones Act permits seamen
to sue their employers for job-related injuries. In addition, seamen may sue
for work-related injuries under the maritime law doctrine of unseaworthiness.
Because we are not generally protected by the limits imposed by state workers 
compensation statutes, we potentially have greater exposure for claims made by
these employees as compared to employers whose employees are covered by state
workers compensation laws. 

Occupational Safety and Health
Regulations 

Our vessel operations are subject to occupational
safety and health regulations issued by the U.S. Coast Guard. These regulations
currently require us to perform monitoring, medical testing and recordkeeping
with respect to personnel engaged in the handling of the various cargoes
transported by our vessels. We believe we are currently in compliance in all
material respects with such occupational safety and health requirements. 

Security 

In 2002, Congress passed the Maritime Transportation
Security Act of 2002 MTS Act which, together with the IMO s recent security
proposals, requires specific security plans for our vessels and more rigorous
crew identification requirements. We have implemented vessel security plans and
procedures for each of our vessels pursuant to rules implementing the MTS
Act issued by the U.S. Coast Guard. The U.S. Coast Guard has performed security
audits on our entire fleet and each vessel was found to be in compliance with
our security plans. The U.S. Coast Guard issued security certificates for each
of our vessels, including our tugboats, even though the tugboats are not
required to be certified under current regulations. 

18 

Vessel Condition 

Our vessels are subject to periodic inspection and
survey by, and the shipyard maintenance requirements of, the U.S. Coast Guard,
the American Bureau of Shipping, or both. We believe we are currently in
compliance in all material respects with the environmental and other laws and
regulations, including health and safety requirements, to which our operations
are subject. We are unaware of any pending or threatened litigation or other
judicial, administrative or arbitration proceedings against us occasioned by
any alleged non-compliance with such laws or regulations. The risks of
substantial costs, liabilities and penalties are, however, inherent in marine
operations, and there can be no assurance that significant costs, liabilities
or penalties will not be incurred by or imposed on us in the future. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

The following important
risk factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those
contained in this forward-looking statements made in this report or presented
elsewhere by management from time to time. 
If any of the circumstances or events described below actually arise or
occur, our business, financial condition or operating results could be
materially adversely affected. In that
case, we might not be able to pay distributions on our common units and the
trading price of our common units could decline. 

Risks Inherent in Our Business 

We must make substantial capital expenditures to maintain the operating
capacity of our fleet, which will reduce our cash available for distribution.
In addition, our general partner is required to deduct estimated maintenance
capital expenditures from operating surplus each quarter, which may result in
less cash available to unitholders than if actual maintenance capital
expenditures were deducted. 

We must make substantial capital expenditures to
maintain the operating capacity of our fleet, which we estimate will average
approximately 36 to 37 million per year over the three years ended December 31,
2010 based on the average remaining life of our existing vessels assuming that
the optional vessels are acquired or deliver in accordance with the current
schedule. These capital expenditures include expenditures for drydocking our
vessels, modifying our vessels and acquiring new vessels to replace existing
vessels as they reach the end of their useful lives. These expenditures could
increase as a result of changes in: 

the cost of shipyard
labor and materials; 

 customer requirements
to modify the vessels; 

 increases in the size
of our fleet or the cost of replacement vessels; and 

 governmental
regulations and maritime self-regulatory organization standards relating to
safety, security or the environment. 

These capital expenditures will reduce the amount of
cash available for distribution to our unit holders. In addition, our actual
maintenance capital expenditures will vary significantly from quarter to
quarter based on, among other things, the number of vessels drydocked during
that quarter. 

Our partnership agreement requires our general partner
to deduct estimated, rather than actual, maintenance capital expenditures from
operating surplus each quarter to reduce fluctuations in operating surplus. The
amount of estimated maintenance capital expenditures deducted from operating
surplus is subject to review and change by the board of directors of our
general partner at least once a year, provided that any change must be approved
by our conflicts committee. In years when estimated maintenance capital
expenditures are higher than actual maintenance capital expenditures, the
amount of cash available for distribution to unit holders will be lower than if
actual maintenance capital expenditures were deducted from operating surplus.
If our general partner underestimates the appropriate level of estimated
maintenance capital expenditures, we may have less cash available for
distribution in future periods when actual capital expenditures exceed our
previous estimates. 

19 

Capital expenditures and other
costs necessary to maintain our vessels tend to increase with the age of the
vessel. 

Capital expenditures and
other costs necessary to maintain our vessels tend to increase and become
harder to estimate as a vessel becomes older. Accordingly, it is likely that
the operating costs of our vessels will increase as they age. In the future,
market conditions may not justify these expenditures or enable us to operate
our older vessels profitably during the remainder of their economic lives. In
addition, changes in governmental regulations, safety or other equipment
standards, as well as compliance with standards imposed by maritime self-regulatory
organizations and customer requirements or competition, may require us to make
additional capital expenditures on these older vessels. 

The capacity of our fleet will be reduced when four of our vessels are
phased-out due to OPA 90. Delays or the failure in the delivery of newbuilds we
have agreed to bareboat charter will result in the failure to replace this
capacity and the reduction of our operating results. The cost of bringing
certain of our vessels into compliance with OPA 90 will be significant and may
cause us to reduce the amount of our cash distributions or prevent us from
increasing the amount of our cash distributions. 

OPA 90 provides for the scheduled phase-out of all
single-hull product carriers and barges carrying oil in U.S. waters. This law
will force the retirement of these vessels unless they are retrofitted with a
double hull. Our four single-hull product carriers are due to be phased-out
according to the following schedule: 

Vessel Name 

OPA 90 
 Retrofit/Phase-out Date 

Overseas
 Philadelphia 

May 2012 

Overseas
 Galena Bay 

October 2012 

Overseas
 Puget Sound 

May 2013 

Overseas
 New Orleans 

June 2013 

The bareboat charters for Overseas Philadelphia and Overseas
New Orleans expire in October 2011 and November 2011,
respectively, at which time we plan to return these product carriers to their
owner as they are poor candidates for retrofitting due to their size. Overseas Galena Bay and Overseas Puget Sound are better candidates
for retrofitting because they are larger, but we have not yet decided whether
we will double-hull these vessels. We will base our final decision on the cost
of shipyard work for retrofitting these vessels, market conditions, charter
rates, the availability and cost of financing and other customary factors
governing investment decisions. If it is not economical for us to retrofit
these vessels, it will be necessary for us to take them out of service
transporting petroleum-based products. 

Although we have agreed to bareboat charter newbuild
product carriers from subsidiaries of Aker American Shipping, Inc. Aker ),
which could replace the four product carriers that may be retired due to OPA
90, there is no assurance that Aker will complete the construction of these
vessels. In the event that Aker does not deliver any or all of these vessels,
the capacity of our fleet will be reduced, which will adversely affect our
operating results and the amount of cash available for distribution. 

In order to bring our only single-hulled ATB OSG 243 into compliance with OPA 90,
it must be retrofitted with a double hull. We estimate that the cost will be
approximately 30 million, of which approximately 4 million remains
to be spent. If we decide to retrofit Overseas
Galena Bay and Overseas Puget
Sound , the board of directors of our general partner, with approval
by the conflicts committee, may elect to increase our estimated maintenance
capital expenditures, which would reduce our operating surplus and our cash
available for distribution. 

We intend to finance the purchase of the newbuild ATBs for which we
have options to purchase from OSG with a combination of debt and equity
securities. Depending on how we finance the acquisition of these ATBs, our
ability to make cash distributions may be diminished or our unitholders could
suffer dilution of their holdings. In addition, if we expand the size of our
fleet, we generally will be required to make significant installment payments
for newbuild vessels prior to their delivery and generation of revenue. 

We intend to make substantial capital expenditures to
increase the size of our fleet. We have options to purchase from OSG up to six
newbuild ATBs to be constructed by Bender Shipbuilding Repair Co., Inc. Bender ). The total delivered cost of a newbuild 347,000 barrel/12,000
horsepower ATB is approximately 100 million and the total delivered cost
of a newbuild 290,000 barrel/12,000 horsepower ATB is approximately 95
million. The actual purchase price to be paid upon the exercise of these
options will be subject to negotiation with OSG and the approval of our
conflicts committee. 

20 

OSG is currently incurring all costs for the
construction and delivery of the six newbuild ATBs. Upon exercise of any of our
six options, we could finance the purchase in whole or in part by issuing
additional common units, which would dilute your ownership interest in us. We
could also use cash from operations, incur borrowings or issue debt securities
to fund these capital expenditures. Use of cash from operations will reduce
cash available for distributions. Our ability to obtain bank financing or issue
debt securities may be limited by our financial condition at the time of any
such financing and adverse market conditions resulting from, among other
things, general economic conditions, contingencies and uncertainties that are
beyond our control. Even if we are successful in obtaining necessary funds, the
terms of such financing could limit our ability to pay cash distributions. In
addition, incurring additional debt may significantly increase our interest
expense, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to make cash
distributions. 

If we purchase additional newbuilds, it is likely that
we will be required to make installment payments prior to their delivery. We
typically must pay approximately 5 of the purchase price of a vessel upon signing
the purchase contract, even though delivery of the completed vessel will not
occur until much later (approximately two and a half years for current orders).
If we finance these acquisition costs by issuing debt or equity securities, we
will increase the aggregate amount of interest (in the case of debt) or cash
required to pay the minimum quarterly distributions (in the case of units) we
must make prior to generating cash from the newbuilds. 

Our failure to obtain the funds for necessary future
capital expenditures would limit our ability to continue to operate some of our
vessels or construct or purchase new vessels. 

Our ability to acquire additional
newbuild product carriers may be limited. 

While we have a commercial relationship with Aker and
its affiliate, Aker Philadelphia Shipyard, Inc. APSI through our
bareboat charter of newbuild product carriers from Aker, no assurance can be
given that we or OSG will continue such relationship with Aker or APSI. If the
relationship with Aker ends, our ability to acquire additional Jones Act
compliant newbuild product carriers (other than the newbuild product carriers
that have been agreed to be transferred to us and those that we have the option
to acquire) on commercially attractive terms may be adversely affected because
there is a limited number of U.S. shipyards that are capable of constructing
product carriers. Such a result could have an adverse effect on our ability to
grow our business. 

OSG s
ability to obtain business from the Military Sealift Command MSC or other
U.S. government agencies may be adversely affected by a determination by the
MSC that OSG is not presently responsible for a single contract. 

OSG Product Tankers, LLC Product Tankers ), our wholly owned indirect subsidiary, participated in a
Request for Proposals issued by the MSC, an agency of the United States
Department of the Navy, to time charter to the MSC two Jones Act compliant
product carriers. On July 6, 2007,
the MSC advised Product Tankers that the MSC could not find Product Tankers
presently responsible under the Federal Acquisition Regulation and,
therefore, ineligible to time charter the vessels to the MSC. The MSC based its decision on the December 2006
guilty plea by OSG to violations related to the handling of bilge water and
oily mixtures from the engine rooms on certain of its international flag
vessels. The MSC reached this decision
notwithstanding an earlier decision by the United States Maritime
Administration of the Department of Transportation Mar Ad on June 25,
2007 not to suspend or debar OSG from business with the U.S. government. The federal agencies, including the United
States Department of Navy, had agreed that Mar Ad would serve as the lead
agency in any administrative action regarding discretionary suspension or
debarment of OSG from federal contracts under the Federal Acquisition
Regulation. On July 25, 2007,
Product Tankers filed a protest of the MSC s decision in the United States
Court of Federal Claims, asserting that the MSC decision was arbitrary,
capricious, and unsupported by the administrative record. 

No assurance can be given
that the MSC decision will be overturned by the United States Court of Federal
Claims. Although the MSC decision
specifically addresses only the single contract, if the decision is not
overturned, it may have an adverse effect on our ability to obtain business
from the U.S. government because of our affiliation with OSG. For 2007, neither we nor OSG did any business
with the MSC and, accordingly, did not generate any shipping revenues from the
MSC. Historically, OSG has not sought to
generate significant revenues from conducting business with the MSC or other
agencies and departments within the U.S. government, nor does OSG intend to in
the future. The only business we
currently conduct with the U.S. government is the participation by two of our
vessels in the Maritime Security Program MSP ), which is intended to support
the operation of up to 60 U.S. flag vessels in the foreign commerce of the
United States to make available a fleet of privately owned vessels to the
Department of Defense during times of war or national emergency. Payments are made under the MSP to vessel
operators, including OSG, to help offset the high cost of employing a U.S.
crew. Mar Ad, the agency which decided
not to suspend or debar OSG, administers the MSP. To date, the MSC decision has not had an
adverse effect on OSG s ability to obtain business from commercial customers. 

21 

American
Shipping Corporation Aker has informed OSG that as a result of OSG s order
of three articulated tug barges ATBs from Bender Shipbuilding 
Repair Co., Inc. Bender ), Aker is exercising a right it claims to have
under its agreement with OSG to impose a five year extension of the term of
each of the bareboat charters for the ten Jones Act product carriers that
subsidiaries of OSG are chartering from subsidiaries of Aker. 

Aker and OSG are parties
to an agreement containing two provisions. In one of the provisions, if during the period
ending in September 2015, OSG or any of its affiliates purchases, charters
or contracts for a U.S. flag product carrier or ocean-going tank barge from a
shipyard other than Aker Philadelphia Shipyard, Inc. APSI ), then, at
Aker s option, the charter terms of all the bareboat charters from subsidiaries
of Aker may be extended for five additional years at the prevailing rate from
the date of contract signing with the supplier of the relevant product carrier
or tank barge. In the second provision
which OSG maintains is separate and independent, if APSI contracts to build a
new U.S. flag product carrier or ocean-going tank barge for any party other
than OSG or its affiliates, then, at OSG s option, the initial term of all the
bareboat charters from subsidiaries of Aker may be reduced to three years from
the effective date of such bareboat charters and all option periods may be
reduced to the lesser of one year or the remaining option period at the time,
and all later option periods may be reduced to twelve months exercisable with
12 months prior notice. 

In February 2007,
Aker and OSG entered into an agreement (the Amendment Agreement in which
they, among other things, agreed to use their best efforts to negotiate in good
faith for six product carriers and agree upon the documentation of the
amendment of, among other things, the foregoing agreement to provide that the
provisions summarized above do not apply to ocean-going tank barges, such as
ATBs, with Aker being given an opportunity to participate in the competitive
bidding in connection with any such order placed by OSG for an ocean-going tank
barge. After the Amendment Agreement was
signed, OSG informed APSI that it desired to contract for three ocean-going
tank barges and offered APSI the opportunity to participate in a competitive
bidding process for the tank barges. 
APSI declined the opportunity to bid, following which OSG ordered three
ATBs from Bender. Subsequently, the
Amendment Agreement expired on August 31, 2007 without Aker and OSG
otherwise documenting their agreement on the matters provided in the Amendment
Agreement. 

On October 25, 2007,
Aker informed OSG that Aker was exercising its alleged right to extend the
bareboat charters for an additional five year period as a result of OSG s order
of the three ATBs from Bender. Aker also
claims that OSG has lost its rights in the separate and independent provision
to reduce the bareboat charter terms of the vessels to three years if APSI
contracts to build product carriers or ocean-going tank barges for third
parties. 

OSG disputes Aker s claim
because, among other reasons, OSG believes that Aker waived, contracted away,
and is otherwise estopped from asserting, its right under its agreement with
respect to the order for the tank barges and further that Aker violated its
agreement with OSG to use its best efforts to negotiate in good faith and agree
upon the documentation of the clear agreement concerning ATBs contained in the
Amendment Agreement. 

On January 11, 2008,
Aker sent OSG a notice demanding arbitration of Aker s claims against OSG. OSG denies Aker s claims in the
arbitration. The parties to the
arbitration are now in the process of scheduling the discovery and other events
in the arbitration leading to a hearing on the merits. A five-year extension of the initial term of
the bareboat charters would lengthen the period OSG is required to charter
these vessels. If OSG would not have
exercised its option to charter each vessel for the five year extension period,
this mandatory extension could have an adverse effect on OSG, the
quantification of such adverse effect being dependent upon market conditions
during such five year period. No
assurance can be given that OSG s positions with respect to Aker s claims will
be upheld in arbitration. 

Our debt levels may limit our
flexibility to obtain additional financing and to pursue other business
opportunities. 

Our level of debt could have important consequences
for us, including the following: 

our ability to obtain
additional financing, if necessary, for capital expenditures, acquisitions or
other purposes may be impaired or may not be available on favorable terms; 

 we will need a substantial
portion of our cash flow to make principal and interest payments on our debt,
thereby reducing the funds that would otherwise be available for cash
distributions; and 

 our debt level may limit
our flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions. 

Our ability to service our debt will depend upon,
among other things, our future financial and operating performance, which will,
in turn, be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business,
regulatory and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. If our
operating results are not sufficient to service our current or future
indebtedness, we will be forced to take actions such as reducing distributions,
reducing or delaying our acquisitions, investments or capital expenditures,
selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our debt or seeking additional
equity capital or bankruptcy protection. We may not be able to effect any of
these remedies on satisfactory terms, or at all. 

22 

Our secured term loans and our
senior secured revolving credit facility will contain restrictive covenants,
which may limit our business and financing activities. 

The covenants in our secured term loans and our senior
secured revolving credit facility and any future credit or loan agreement could
adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or
to engage, expand or pursue our business activities. For example, our senior
secured revolving credit facility requires the consent of our lenders or limits
our ability to, among other things: 

incur or guarantee
indebtedness; 

 charge, pledge or encumber
our vessels; 

 change the flag, class,
management or ownership of our vessels; 

 change the commercial and
technical management of our vessels; 

 sell, lease, transfer or
change the beneficial ownership or control of our vessels; and 

 subordinate our
obligations thereunder to any general and administrative costs relating to the
vessels. 

Our ability to comply with the covenants in our
secured term loans and our senior secured revolving credit facility may be
affected by events beyond our control including economic, financial and
industry conditions. If economic conditions deteriorate, our ability to comply
with these covenants may be impaired. If we breach any of the covenants, all or
a significant portion of our obligations may become immediately due and payable
and our lenders commitment to make further loans to us may terminate. We may
not have or be able to obtain sufficient funds to make these accelerated
payments. For more information regarding our financing arrangements, please
read Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations Liquidity and Sources of Capital. 

Decreases in U.S. refining
activity, particularly in the Gulf Coast region, could adversely affect our
ability to grow our fleet, revenues and profitability. 

The demand for our services is heavily influenced by
the level of refinery capacity in the United States, particularly in the Gulf
Coast region. Any decline in refining capacity on the Gulf Coast, even on a
temporary basis, may significantly reduce the demand for waterborne movements
of refined petroleum products. For example, following Hurricanes Katrina and
Rita in 2005, movements of refined petroleum products from the Gulf Coast were
significantly curtailed in 2005 and 2006, with repairs to hurricane-damaged
Gulf Coast refineries being completed in late 2006. While the Energy
Information Administration of the U.S. Department of Energy EIA has
estimated that incremental capacity expansions will increase the capacity of
Gulf Coast refineries by 1.6 million barrels per day by 2016, it is
possible that some or all of the proposed refinery expansions may be delayed or
not completed. While we expect that these refinery expansions will increase
demand for waterborne transportation of refined petroleum products and we
intend to acquire additional product carriers and barges to meet this expected
increase in demand if refining capacity is not expanded or decreases from
current levels, demand for our vessels could decrease, which could affect our
ability to grow our fleet, revenues and profitability. 

Delays in deliveries of newbuild
product carriers or in the double-hulling of our remaining single-hulled ATB
will affect our ability to grow and could harm our operating results. 

We are scheduled to take delivery between 2008 and
early 2010 of five newbuild product carriers that we have agreed to bareboat
charter from Aker. We also have options to purchase from OSG up to six newbuild
ATBs, which are scheduled for delivery between late 2008 and late 2010, and to
acquire from OSG the right to bareboat charter from Aker up to two newbuild
product carriers and up to two newbuild shuttle tankers, which are scheduled
for delivery between late 2009 and early 2011. If the delivery of these vessels
is delayed or canceled, the expected revenues from these vessels will be
delayed or eliminated. 

Delivery of any of our vessels could be delayed or
canceled because of: 

in the case of the six
ATBs that we have options to purchase, the failure by OSG to make construction
payments on a timely basis or otherwise comply with its construction contracts
with Bender; 

 quality control or
engineering problems; 

 changes in governmental
regulations or maritime self-regulatory organization standards; 

 work stoppages or
other labor disturbances at the shipyard; 

 bankruptcy or other
financial problems of the shipbuilder; 

23 

weather interference or
catastrophic event, such as a major hurricane or fire; 

 the shipbuilder failing to
deliver the vessels in accordance with our vessel specifications; 

 our requests for changes
to the original vessel specifications; 

 shortages of or delays in
the receipt of necessary construction materials, such as steel; 

 our inability to finance
the acquisition of any vessels; or 

 our inability to obtain
requisite permits or approvals. 

Drydocking of our vessels may
require substantial expenditures and may result in the vessels being off-hire
for significant periods of time, which could affect our ability to make cash
distributions. 

Each of our vessels undergoes scheduled and, on
occasion, unscheduled shipyard maintenance. The U.S. Coast Guard requires our
vessels to be drydocked for inspection and maintenance twice every five years.
In addition, vessels may have to be drydocked in the event of accidents or
other unforeseen damage or for capital improvements. Because costs for
drydocking our fleet are difficult to estimate and may be higher than we
currently anticipate, we may not have sufficient available cash to pay the
minimum quarterly distribution in full. In addition, vessels in drydock will
not generate any income, which will reduce our revenue and cash available to
make distributions on our units. 

In addition, the time when a vessel is out of service
for maintenance is determined by a number of factors including regulatory
deadlines, market conditions, shipyard availability and customer requirements.
Because U.S. shipyards have limited availability for drydocking a vessel, they
may not have the capacity to perform drydock maintenance on our vessels at the
times required, particularly in the event of an unscheduled drydock due to
accident. This may require us to have the work performed at an overseas
shipyard and result in the vessel being off-hire for a longer period of time. 

We have high levels of fixed
costs that will be incurred regardless of our level of business activity. 

Our business has high fixed costs that continue even
if our vessels are not in service. In addition, low utilization due to reduced
demand or other causes or a significant decrease in charter rates could have a
significant negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

We may not be able to renew time
charters when they expire or obtain new time charters. 

Of our product carriers and barges currently employed
under time charters or other term contracts, the time firm employment on four may
expire within the next 12 months. There can be no assurance that any of our
existing time charters will be renewed or renewed at favorable rates. In
addition, if the time charters for five of our product carriers that we have
agreed to bareboat charter from subsidiaries of Aker are not renewed or are not
renewed at favorable rates and we cannot obtain new time charters at favorable
rates or the market for such product carriers is otherwise unfavorable, we may
decide not to extend the bareboat charters for such product carriers. In that
event, we would return any such vessel and may be required to repay the balance
of the DPO liability upon delivery of such vessel. Please read Business Bareboat
Charters from Aker of Our Newbuilds Aker s Debt and Deferred Principal Obligation. 

An increase in the supply of
Jones Act vessels without an increase in demand for such vessels could cause
charter rates to decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our
revenues and profitability. 

The supply of vessels generally increases with
deliveries of new vessels and decreases with the scrapping of older vessels. As
of December 31, 2007, the Jones Act product carrier and barge order book
consisted of firm orders for 35 vessels over 16,000 dwt, or 40 of the existing
coastwise fleet, with options granted for an additional four product carriers.
In the year 2007 to date, firm orders for an additional five product carriers
and six ATBs above 16,000 dwt have been placed. No assurance can be given
that the order book will not increase further in proportion to the existing
fleet. If the number of newbuild vessels delivered exceeds the number of
vessels being scrapped, capacity will increase. In addition, any retrofitting
of existing product carriers and barges may result in additional capacity that
the market will not be able to absorb at the anticipated demand levels. If
supply increases and demand does not, the charter rates for our vessels could
decline significantly. 

24 

We may be unable to make or
realize expected benefits from acquisitions and implementing our growth
strategy through acquisitions may harm our business, financial condition and
operating results. 

Our growth strategy is based upon the expansion of our
fleet. Our ability to grow our fleet depends upon a number of factors, many of
which we cannot control. These factors include our ability to: 

reach agreement with OSG
on the fair value of the ATBs that we have the right to purchase or the product
carriers and shuttle tankers that we have the right to bareboat charter; 

 identify vessels or
businesses for acquisition from third parties; 

 consummate any such
acquisitions; 

 obtain required financing
for acquisitions; and 

 integrate any acquired
vessels or businesses successfully with our existing operations. 

Any acquisition of a vessel or business may not be
profitable and may not generate returns sufficient to justify our investment.
In addition, our acquisition growth strategy exposes us to risks that may harm
our business, financial condition and operating results, including the risks
that we may: 

fail to realize
anticipated benefits (such as new customer relationships) or increase cash
flow; 

 decrease our liquidity by
using a significant portion of our available cash or borrowing capacity to
finance acquisitions; 

 significantly increase our
interest expense and indebtedness if we incur additional debt to finance
acquisitions; 

 incur or assume
unanticipated liabilities, losses or costs associated with the business or
vessels acquired; 

 incur other significant
charges, such as impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets, asset devaluation
or restructuring charges; or 

 distract management from
its duties and responsibilities as it devotes substantial time and attention to
the integration of the acquired businesses or vessels. 

We
depend on OSG and its affiliates to assist us in operating and expanding our
business. 

Pursuant to a management
agreement between us and OSG s subsidiary, OSG Ship Management, Inc. OSGM ),
OSGM will provide us with significant commercial and technical management
services (including the commercial and technical management of our vessels,
vessel maintenance, crewing, purchasing, insurance and shipyard supervision).
Please read Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Management
Agreement for a description of this agreement. In addition, pursuant to an
administrative services agreement between us and OSGM, OSGM will provide us
with significant administrative, financial and other support services. Please
read Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Administrative Services
Agreement for a description of this agreement. Our operational success and
ability to execute our growth strategy will depend significantly upon the
satisfactory performance by OSGM of these services and our business will be
harmed if OSGM fails to perform these services satisfactorily, cancels either
of these agreements or stops providing these services. We may also contract
with OSG for the construction of newbuilds for our fleet and to arrange the
construction-related financing. 

Our ability to enter into new charters and expand our
customer relationships will depend largely on our ability to use advantageously
our relationship with OSG and its reputation and relationships in the shipping
industry, including with customers, shipyards and suppliers. If OSG suffers
material damage to its reputation or relationships, it may harm our ability to: 

renew existing charters upon their expiration; 

obtain new charters; 

interact successfully with shipyards during periods when the services of
shipyards are in high demand; 

obtain financing on commercially acceptable terms; 

maintain satisfactory relationships with suppliers and other third parties; or 

effectively operate our vessels. 

25 

Our growth depends on our ability
to compete successfully against other shipping companies to expand
relationships with existing customers and obtain new customers. 

While
longer-term time charters have the potential to provide income at
pre-determined rates over the duration of the charters, the competition for
such charters is intense and obtaining such charters generally requires a
lengthy and time consuming screening and bidding process that may extend for
months. In addition to the quality, age and suitability of the vessel,
longer-term time charters tend to be awarded based upon a variety of factors
relating to the vessel operator, including the operator s: 

environmental, health and
safety record; 

 compliance with regulatory
and industry standards; 

 reputation for customer
service and technical and operating expertise; 

 shipping experience and
quality of ship operations, including cost-effectiveness; 

 ability to finance vessels
at competitive rates and overall financial stability; 

 relationships with
shipyards and the ability to obtain suitable berths; 

 construction management
experience; 

 willingness to accept
operational risks pursuant to the charter; and 

 competitiveness of the bid
price. 

We derive our revenues from
certain major customers and the loss of any of these customers or time charters
with any of them could result in a significant loss of revenues and cash flow. 

During the three years ended December 31 2007, we
derived revenues from certain major customers, each one representing more than
10 of revenues. In 2007, revenues from two customers aggregated 29 of total
revenues. At any given time in the future, the cash reserves of our customers
may be diminished or exhausted and we cannot assure you that the customers will
be able to make charter payments to us. If our customers are unable to make
charter payments to us, our results of operations and financial condition will
be materially adversely affected. In addition, we could lose a charterer or the
benefits of a time charter because of disagreements with a customer or if a
customer exercises specific limited rights to terminate a charter. The loss of
any of our customers or time charter with them, or a decline in payments under
our charters, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition and our ability to pay cash distributions. 

A decrease in the demand for our
lightering services resulting from the deepening of the Delaware River or
conditions affecting the Delaware Bay refineries could adversely affect our
business and results of operations. 

We perform lightering services for inbound crude-oil
tankers carrying crude oil up the Delaware River to refineries in the Delaware
Bay. For example, shipping revenues for the Overseas
Integrity constituted 7.9 , or 16.8 million, of our shipping
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2007, and 8.5 , or 16.2 million,
of shipping revenues for the year ended December 31, 2006. Legislation
approved by Congress in 1992 authorized the Army Corps of Engineers to deepen
the Delaware River between the river s mouth and the port of Philadelphia. For
various reasons, including opposition from environmental groups and funding
difficulties, the dredging project has not begun. If this project is funded,
the required environmental permits are obtained and the refineries dredge their
private channels, it would significantly reduce our lightering business by
allowing arriving crude-oil tankers to proceed up the river with larger loads.
In addition, our lightering business would be adversely affected if any of the
Delaware Bay refineries ceased or scaled back its operations. 

Certain potential customers will
not use vessels older than a specified age, even if they have been recently
rebuilt. 

All of our existing tug-barge units were originally constructed
more than 25 years ago. While all of these tug-barge units were rebuilt
and double-hulled since 1998 and are in-class, meaning the vessel has been
certified by a classification society as being built and maintained in
accordance with the rules of that classification society and complies with
the applicable rules and regulations of the vessel s country of registry
and applicable international conventions, some potential customers have stated
that they will not charter vessels that are more than 20 years old, even
if they have been rebuilt. Although there has to date been no material
difference in time charter rates earned by a vessel of a specified age and a
rebuilt vessel of the same age measured from the date of rebuilding, no
assurance can be given that most customers will continue to view rebuilt
vessels as 

26 

comparable
to newbuild vessels. If more customers differentiate between rebuilt and
newbuild vessels, time charter rates for our rebuilt ATBs will likely be
adversely affected. 

The U.S. flag shipping industry
is unpredictable, which may lead to lower charter hire rates and lower vessel
values. 

The nature, timing and degree of changes in U.S. flag
shipping industry conditions are unpredictable and may adversely affect the
values of our vessels and may result in significant fluctuations in the amount
of charter hire we earn, which could result in significant fluctuations in our
quarterly results. Charter rates and vessels values may fluctuate over time due
to changes in the demand for U.S. flag product carriers and barges. 

The factors that influence the demand for U.S. flag
product carriers and barges include: 

the level of crude oil
refining in the United States; 

 the demand for refined
petroleum products in the United States; 

 environmental concerns and
regulations; 

 new pipeline construction
and expansions; 

 weather; and 

 competition from
alternative sources of energy. 

Decreased utilization of our
vessels due to bad weather could have a material adverse effect on our
operating results and financial condition. 

Unpredictable weather patterns tend to disrupt vessel
scheduling and supplies of refined petroleum products and our vessels and their
cargoes are at risk of being damaged or lost because of bad weather. In
addition, adverse weather conditions can cause delays in the delivery of
newbuilds and in transporting cargoes. Under our spot voyage charters, we bear
the risk of delays due to weather conditions. 

A decrease in the cost of
importing refined petroleum products could cause demand for U.S. flag product
carrier and barge capacity and charter rates to decline, which would decrease
our revenues and our ability to pay cash distributions on our units. 

The demand for U.S. flag product carriers and barges
is influenced by the cost of importing refined petroleum products.
Historically, charter rates for vessels qualified to participate in the U.S.
coastwise trade under the Jones Act have been higher than charter rates for
foreign flag vessels. This is due to the higher construction and operating
costs of U.S. flag vessels under the Jones Act requirements that such vessels
must be built in the United States and manned by U.S. crews. This has made it
less expensive for certain areas of the United States that are underserved by
pipelines or which lack local refining capacity, such as in the Northeast, to
import refined petroleum products carried aboard foreign flag vessels than to
obtain them from U.S. refineries. If the cost of importing refined petroleum
products decreases to the extent that it becomes less expensive to import
refined petroleum products to other regions of the East Coast and the West
Coast than producing such products in the United States and transporting them
on U.S. flag vessels, demand for our product carriers and barges and the
charter rates for them could decrease. 

Our business would be adversely affected if we failed
to comply with the Jones Act provisions on coastwise trade. We are subject to
the Jones Act and other federal laws that restrict maritime cargo
transportation between points in the United States only to vessels operating
under the U.S. flag, built in the United States, at least 75 owned and
operated by U.S. citizens (or owned and operated by other entities meeting U.S.
citizenship requirements to own vessels operating in the U.S. coastwise trade
and, in the case of limited partnerships, where the general partner meets U.S.
citizenship requirements) and manned by U.S. crews. We are also responsible for
monitoring the ownership of our common units and other partnership interests to
ensure compliance with the Jones Act. If we do not comply with these
restrictions, we would be prohibited from operating our vessels in the U.S.
coastwise trade and, under certain circumstances, we would be deemed to have
undertaken an unapproved foreign transfer resulting in severe penalties,
including permanent loss of U.S. coastwise trading rights for our vessels,
fines or forfeiture of vessels. 

Our business would be adversely
affected if the Jones Act provisions on coastwise trade were modified or
repealed or if changes in international trade agreements were to occur. 

If the restrictions contained in the Jones Act were
repealed or altered, the maritime transportation of cargo between U.S. ports
could be opened to foreign-flag or foreign-built vessels. The Secretary of the
Department of Homeland Security, or the 

27 

Secretary, is vested with the authority and discretion
to waive the coastwise laws if the Secretary deems that such action is
necessary in the interest of national defense. On two occasions during 2005,
the Secretary, at the direction of the President of the United States, issued
limited waivers of the Jones Act for the transportation of refined petroleum
products in response to the extraordinary circumstances created by Hurricanes
Katrina and Rita and their effect on Gulf Coast refineries and petroleum
product pipelines. Any waiver of the coastwise laws, whether in response to
natural disasters or otherwise, could result in increased competition from
foreign product carrier and barge operators, which could reduce our revenues
and cash available for distribution. 

During the past several years, interest groups have lobbied
Congress to repeal or modify the Jones Act in order to facilitate foreign-flag
competition for trades and cargoes currently reserved for U.S. flag vessels
under the Jones Act. Foreign-flag vessels generally have lower construction
costs and generally operate at significantly lower costs than we do in U.S.
markets, which would likely result in reduced charter rates. We believe that
continued efforts will be made to modify or repeal the Jones Act. If these
efforts are successful, foreign-flag vessels could be permitted to trade in the
United States coastwise trade and significantly increase competition with our
fleet, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, financial condition and ability to make cash distributions. 

Additionally, the Jones Act restrictions on the
provision of maritime cabotage services are subject to certain exceptions under
certain international trade agreements, including the General Agreement on
Trade in Services and the North American Free Trade Agreement. If maritime
cabotage services were included in the General Agreement on Trade in Services,
the North American Free Trade Agreement or other international trade
agreements, the transportation of maritime cargo between U.S. ports could be opened
to foreign-flag or foreign-manufactured vessels. 

We are subject to complex laws
and regulations, including environmental regulations that can adversely affect
the cost, manner or feasibility of doing business. 

Increasingly stringent federal, state and local laws
and regulations governing worker health and safety, insurance requirements and
the manning, construction, operation and transfer of vessels significantly
affect our operations. Many aspects of the marine transportation industry are
subject to extensive governmental regulation by the U.S. Coast Guard, the
Department of Transportation, the Department of Homeland Security, the
Environmental Protection Agency, the National Transportation Safety Board, the
U.S. Customs Service and the U.S. Maritime Administration, as well as
regulation by private industry organizations, such as the American Bureau of
Shipping. The U.S. Coast Guard and the National Transportation Safety Board set
safety standards and are authorized to investigate vessel accidents and recommend
improved safety standards. The U.S. Coast Guard is authorized to inspect
vessels at will. 

Our operations are also subject to federal, state,
local and international laws and regulations that control the discharge of
pollutants into the environment or otherwise relate to environmental
protection. In order to maintain compliance with environmental laws and
regulations, we incur, and expect to continue to incur, substantial costs in
meeting maintenance and inspection requirements, developing and implementing
emergency preparedness procedures and obtaining insurance coverage or other
required evidence of financial ability sufficient to address pollution
incidents. Environmental requirements can also: 

impair the economic value
of our vessels; 

 make our vessels less
desirable to potential charterers; 

 require a reduction in
cargo capacity, ship modifications or operational changes or restrictions; 

 lead to decreases in
available insurance coverage for environmental matters; and 

 result in the denial of
access to certain jurisdictional waters or ports, or detention in certain
ports. 

If we fail to comply with applicable environmental
laws or regulations, such non-compliance could result in substantial civil or
criminal fines or penalties and other sanctions, including in certain
instances, seizure or detention of our vessels. 

In addition, some environmental laws impose strict
liability for remediation of spills and releases of oil and hazardous
substances, which could subject us to liability even if we are neither
negligent nor at fault. Under OPA 90, owners, operators and bareboat charterers
are jointly and severally strictly liable for the discharge of oil within the
200-mile exclusive economic zone around the United States. In addition, an oil
spill or other release of hazardous substances could result in significant
liability, including fines, penalties, criminal liability and costs for natural
resource damages under other federal and state laws, third party personal
injury or property damage claims or other civil actions. The potential for oil
spills or other releases could increase as we increase the size of our fleet.
Most states bordering on a navigable waterway have also enacted 

28 

legislation providing for potentially unlimited
liability for the discharge of pollutants within their waters. For more
information, please read Business Regulation. 

We believe that regulation of the shipping industry
will continue to become more stringent and more expensive for us and our
competitors. In addition, a serious marine incident occurring in U.S. waters
that results in significant oil pollution could result in additional
legislation or regulation. Future environmental requirements may be adopted
that could limit our ability to operate or require us to incur substantial
additional costs. 

Marine transportation is
inherently risky and an incident involving significant loss of environmental
contamination by any of our vessels could harm our reputation and business. 

Our vessels and their cargoes are at risk of being
damaged or lost because of events such as: 

marine disasters; 

 bad weather; 

 mechanical failures; 

 grounding, fire,
explosions and collisions; 

 human error; and 

 war and terrorism. 

An accident involving any of our vessels could result
in any of the following: 

death or injury to
persons, loss of property or environmental damage; 

 delays in the delivery of
cargo; 

 loss of revenues from or
termination of charter contracts; 

 governmental fines,
penalties or restrictions on conducting business; 

 higher insurance rates;
and 

 damage to our reputation
and customer relationships. 

Our insurance may be insufficient
to cover losses that may occur to our property or result from our operations. 

The operation of vessels that carry crude oil or
refined petroleum products is inherently risky. Although we carry insurance to
protect against most of the accident-related risks involved in the conduct of
our business, risks may arise for which we are not adequately insured. For
example, a catastrophic spill could exceed our insurance coverage and have a
material adverse effect on our operations. Any particular claim may not be paid
by our insurance and any claims covered by insurance would be subject to
deductibles, the aggregate amount of which could be material. Any uninsured or
underinsured loss could harm our business and financial condition. In addition,
our insurance may be voidable by the insurers as a result of certain of our
actions, such as our ships failing to maintain certification with applicable
maritime self-regulatory organizations. Furthermore, even if insurance coverage
is adequate to cover our losses, we may not be able to obtain a replacement
ship in a timely manner in the event of a loss. 

In addition, we may not be able to procure adequate
insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates in the future. In the past,
new and stricter environmental regulations have led to higher costs for
insurance covering environmental damage or pollution and new regulations could
lead to similar increases, or even make this type of insurance unavailable.
Changes in the insurance markets attributable to terrorist attacks may also
make certain types of insurance more difficult to obtain. The insurance that
may be available to us in the future may be significantly more expensive than
our existing coverage. 

Certain of our insurance coverage is maintained
through mutual protection and indemnity associations and, as a member of such
associations, we may be required to make additional payments over and above
budgeted premiums if member claims exceed the reserves of the association. We
may be subject to calls or premiums in amounts based not only on our own claim
records, but also the claim records of all other members of protection and
indemnity associations through which we obtain insurance coverage for tort
liability. Our payment of these calls could result in significant additional
expenses. 

Increased competition from
pipelines could result in reduced profitability. 

We compete with pipelines that carry refined petroleum
products. Long-haul transportation of refined petroleum products is generally
less costly by pipeline than by vessel. The construction of new pipelines to
carry refined petroleum products into the markets we serve, including pipeline
segments that connect with existing pipelines, the expansion of existing
pipelines and the conversion of pipelines that do not currently carry refined
products, could adversely affect our ability to compete in particular
locations. For example, although a previous proposal to build a refined petroleum
products pipeline through the 

29 

Gulf
of Mexico from Mississippi to Tampa, Florida was abandoned in 2006, the
construction of any such pipeline in the future could decrease demand for our
product carriers and barges and cause our charter rates to decline. 

An increase in the price of fuel
may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

The cost of fuel for our vessels is a significant
component of our voyage expenses under our voyage charters and we have recently
experienced significant increases in the cost of fuel used in our operations.
While we have been able to pass a portion of these increases on to our
customers pursuant to the terms of our charters, there can be no assurances
that we will be able to pass on any future increases in fuel prices. If fuel
prices continue to increase and we are not able to pass such increases on to
our customers, our business, results of operations, financial condition and
ability to make cash distributions may be adversely affected. 

Over time, vessel values may
fluctuate substantially and, if these values are lower at a time when we are
attempting to dispose of a vessel, we may incur a loss. 

Vessel values for our fleet can fluctuate
substantially over time due to a number of different factors, including: 

the prevailing and expected levels of
charter rates in the Jones Act market; 

 the age of our vessels; 

 the capacity of U.S. pipelines; 

 the capacity of U.S. refineries; 

 the number of vessels in the Jones
Act fleet; 

 the efficiency of the Jones Act fleet;
and 

 the cost of retrofitting or modifying
existing vessels as a result of technological advances in vessel design or
equipment, changes in applicable environmental or other regulations or
standards or otherwise. 

Our inability to dispose of a vessel at a certain
value could result in a loss on its sale. Declining vessel values could
adversely affect our liquidity by limiting our ability to raise cash by
arranging debt secured by our vessels or refinancing such debt. Declining
vessel values could also result in a breach of loan covenants or trigger events
of default under relevant financing agreements that require us to maintain
certain loan-to-value ratios. In such instances, if we are unable to pledge
additional collateral to offset the decline in vessel values, our lenders could
accelerate our debt and foreclose on our vessels pledged as collateral for the
loans. 

Maritime claimants could arrest
our vessels, which could interrupt our cash flow. 

Crew members, suppliers of goods and services to a vessel,
shippers of cargo and other parties may be entitled to a maritime lien against
that vessel for unsatisfied debts, claims or damages. In many jurisdictions, a
maritime lien holder may enforce its lien by arresting a vessel through
foreclosure proceedings. The arrest or attachment of one or more of our vessels
could interrupt our cash flow and require us to pay whatever amount may be
required to have the arrest lifted. 

The U.S. government could
requisition our vessels during a period of war or emergency without adequate
compensation. 

The U.S. government could requisition one or more of
our vessels for title or for hire. Requisition for title occurs when a
government takes control of a vessel and becomes its owner. Requisition for
hire occurs when a government takes control of a vessel and effectively becomes
its charterer at dictated charter rates. Generally, requisitions occur during
periods of war or emergency, although governments may elect to requisition
vessels in other circumstances. Although we would be entitled to compensation
in the event of a requisition of one or more of our vessels, the amount and
timing of payment would be uncertain. Government requisition of one or more of
our vessels may negatively impact our revenues. 

Terrorist attacks, increased
hostilities or war could lead to further economic instability, increased costs
and disruption of our business. 

Terrorist attacks may adversely affect our business,
operating results, financial condition, ability to raise capital and future
growth. Continuing hostilities in the Middle East may lead to additional armed
conflicts or to further acts of terrorism and civil disturbance in the United
States or elsewhere, which may contribute further to economic instability and
disruption of oil and petroleum production and distribution, which could in
turn result in reduced demand for our services. 

30 

In addition, oil and
petroleum facilities, shipyards, vessels, pipelines and oil and gas fields
could be targets of future terrorist attacks. Any such attacks could lead to,
among other things, bodily injury or loss of life, vessel or other property
damage, increased vessel operational costs, including insurance costs, and the
inability to transport oil and petroleum to or from certain locations.
Terrorist attacks, war or other events beyond our control that adversely affect
the distribution, production or transportation of oil or petroleum to be
shipped by us could entitle our customers to terminate the charters for our
vessels, which would harm our cash flow and our business. 

Terrorist attacks, or the
perception that oil and petroleum facilities and carriers are potential
terrorist targets, could materially and adversely affect expansion of oil and
petroleum infrastructure and the continued supply of oil and petroleum to the
United States and other countries. Concern that oil and petroleum facilities may
be targeted for attack by terrorists has contributed to significant community
and environmental resistance to the construction of a number of oil and
petroleum facilities, primarily in North America. If a terrorist incident
involving an oil and petroleum facility or carrier did occur, the incident may
adversely affect construction of additional oil and petroleum facilities in the
United States and other countries or the temporary or permanent closing of
various oil and petroleum facilities currently in operation. 

In addition, heightened
awareness of security needs after the terrorist attacks of September 11,
2001 has caused the U.S. Coast Guard, the International Maritime Organization
and the states and local ports to adopt heightened security procedures relating
to ports and vessels. Complying with these procedures, as well as the
implementation of security plans for our vessels required by the Maritime
Transportation Security Act of 2002, have increased our costs of security. 

We depend on key personnel of
OSGM for the success of our business and some of those persons face conflicts
in the allocation of their time to our business. 

We depend on the services of
our senior management team and other key personnel of OSGM. We may not be able
to locate or employ on acceptable terms qualified replacements for senior
management or key employees if their services were no longer available. In
addition, OSGM may not be able to hire vessel personnel meeting its standards
if we expand our fleet. As a result of the planned expansion of our fleet
through the construction of new vessels, OSGM may also need to hire additional
key technical, support and other qualified personnel to ensure that
construction is completed timely and on budget. If OSGM is unsuccessful in
attracting such personnel, it could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, our senior
management and many of the other key personnel of OSGM are not required to work
full-time on our affairs and also work for affiliates of our general partner,
including OSG. The affiliates of our general partner conduct substantial
businesses and activities of their own in which we have no economic interest.
As a result, these individuals may face conflicts regarding the allocation of
their time between our business and OSG s business, resulting in these
employees spending less time in managing our business and affairs than they do
currently. 

Risks Related to Our Common Units 

Following the establishment of
cash reserves and payment of fees and expenses, including payments to our
general partner, we may not have sufficient cash from operations to enable us
to pay the minimum quarterly distribution on our common units. 

Following the establishment
of cash reserves and the payment of fees and expenses, including payments to
our general partner, we may not have sufficient cash available each quarter to
pay the minimum quarterly distribution of 0.375 per common unit. The amount of
cash we can distribute on our common units principally depends upon the amount
of cash we generate from our operations, which may fluctuate from quarter to
quarter based on risks inherent in our business, including, among other things: 

the rates we obtain from charters for
our vessels and equity income we may receive from affiliated companies; 

 the level of our operating costs,
such as the cost of crews and insurance; 

 the level of crude oil refining
activity in the United States, particularly in the Gulf Coast region; 

 the number of unscheduled off-hire
days for our vessels and the timing of, and the number of days required for,
scheduled drydockings of our vessels; 

 delays in the delivery of newbuilds
and the resulting delay in receipt of revenue from those vessels; 

 prevailing economic and political
conditions; and 

 the effect of governmental
regulations and maritime self-regulatory organization standards on the conduct
of our business. 

31 

The actual amount of cash we
will have available for distribution will also depend on other factors, some of
which are beyond our control, such as: 

the level of capital
expenditures we make for maintaining our vessels, building new vessels,
acquiring existing second-hand vessels and possibly retrofitting vessels to
comply with the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 OPA 90 

 our debt service
requirements and restrictions on distributions contained in our senior secured
revolving credit facility and our secured term loans; 

 interest rate fluctuations; 

 the cost of acquisitions,
if any; 

 fluctuations in our
working capital needs; 

 our ability to make
working capital or other borrowings, including borrowings to pay distributions
to unitholders; and 

 the amount of any cash
reserves, including reserves for future capital expenditures and other matters,
established by our general partner in its discretion. 

The amount of cash we
generate from our operations may differ materially from our profit or loss for
the period, which will be affected by non-cash items. As a result of this and
the other factors mentioned above, we may make cash distributions during
periods when we record losses and may not make cash distributions during
periods when we record net income. 

OSG controls our general partner,
which has sole responsibility for conducting our business and managing our
operations. Our general partner and its affiliates, including OSG, have
conflicts of interest with us and limited fiduciary duties, and may favor their
own interests to our unitholders detriment. 

OSG owns a 75.5 interest in
us, including a 2 interest through our general partner, which OSG owns and
controls. Although our general partner has a fiduciary duty to manage us in a
manner beneficial to us and our unitholders, the directors and officers of our
general partner have a fiduciary duty to manage our general partner in a manner
beneficial to its owner, OSG. Furthermore, all of the officers of our general
partner and four of the directors of our general partner are officers of OSG or
its affiliates and, as such, they have fiduciary duties to OSG that may cause
them to pursue business strategies that favor OSG or which otherwise are not in
the best interests of us or our unitholders. Therefore, conflicts of interest
may arise between OSG and its affiliates, including our general partner and its
officers, on the one hand, and us and our unitholders, on the other hand. In
resolving these conflicts of interest, our general partner and its affiliates
may favor their own interests over the interests of our unitholders. These
conflicts include, among others, the following: 

neither our partnership
agreement nor any other agreement requires OSG or its affiliates (other than
our general partner) to pursue a business strategy that favors us and OSG s
officers and directors have a fiduciary duty to make decisions in the best interests
of the stockholders of OSG, which may be contrary to our interests; 

 the executive officers and
four of the directors of our general partner also serve as executive officers
of OSG; 

 our general partner is
allowed to take into account the interests of parties other than us, such as
OSG and its affiliates, in resolving conflicts of interest; 

 OSG and its affiliates
have the ability to compete with us. Please read Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions and Director Independence Omnibus Agreement -
Noncompetition 

 our general partner may
make a determination to receive a quantity of our Class B units in
exchange for resetting the target distribution levels related to its incentive
distribution rights without the approval of the conflicts committee of our general
partner or our unitholders; 

 some officers of OSG who
provide services to us also will devote significant time to the business of
OSG, and will be compensated by OSG for the services rendered to it; 

 our general partner has
limited its liability and reduced its fiduciary duties under Delaware law and
has also restricted the remedies available to our unitholders for actions that,
without such limitations, might constitute breaches of fiduciary duty and, by
purchasing common units, unitholders will be deemed to have consented to some
actions and conflicts of interest that might otherwise constitute a breach of
fiduciary or other duties under applicable law; 

 our general partner
determines the amount and timing of our cash reserves, asset purchases and
sales, borrowings and issuances of additional partnership securities, each of
which can affect the amount of cash that is available for distribution to our
unitholders; 

 our general partner
determines the amount and timing of any capital expenditures and, based on the
applicable 

32 

facts and circumstances,
whether a capital expenditure is classified as a maintenance capital
expenditure, which reduces operating surplus, or an expansion capital
expenditure, which does not reduce operating surplus. The determination can
affect the amount of cash that is distributed to our unitholders and the
ability of the subordinated units to convert to common units; 

 in some instances, our
general partner may cause us to borrow funds in order to permit the payment of
cash distributions, even if the purpose or effect of the borrowing is to make a
distribution on the subordinated units owned by OSG, to make incentive distributions
or to accelerate the expiration of the subordination period; 

 our general partner
determines which costs incurred by it and its affiliates are reimbursable by
us; 

 our partnership agreement
does not restrict our general partner from causing us to pay it or its
affiliates for any services rendered to us or from entering into additional
contractual arrangements with any of these entities on our behalf; 

 our general partner
intends to limit its liability regarding our contractual and other obligations
and, in some circumstances, is entitled to be indemnified by us; 

 our general partner may
exercise its limited right to call and purchase our common units if it and its
affiliates own more than 80 of our common units; 

 our general partner controls
the enforcement of obligations owed to us by it and its affiliates; and 

 our general partner
decides whether to retain separate counsel, accountants or others to perform
services for us. 

OSG and its affiliates may engage in competition with
us. Pursuant to the omnibus agreement to be entered into between us and OSG in
connection with the completion of our initial public offering, OSG and its
controlled affiliates (other than us, our general partner and our subsidiaries)
will agree not to engage in or acquire or invest in any business that provides
marine transportation or distribution services in connection with the
transportation of crude oil and refined petroleum products by water between
points in the United States to which the United States coastwise laws apply, to
the extent such business generates qualifying income for federal income tax
purposes. The omnibus agreement, however, contains significant exceptions that
may allow OSG or any of its controlled affiliates to compete with us, which
could harm our business. Please read Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions Omnibus Agreement Noncompetition. 

We do not have 100 ownership of
some of our assets and may need the consent of third parties to take certain
actions, which may prevent us from operating or dealing with those assets as we
deem them appropriate or necessary. 

We do not have 100 
ownership of some of our assets, such as the product carriers we bareboat
charter from Aker and our economic interests in Alaska Tanker Company, LLC. By
not having complete ownership of these and other assets, we may need to obtain
prior consent of third parties to take certain commercial actions. If we are
unable to obtain such consents on commercially reasonable and satisfactory
terms, our ability to operate or deal with those assets may be adversely
affected. 

Our partnership agreement limits
our general partner s fiduciary duties to our unitholders and restricts the
remedies available to unitholders for actions taken by our general partner that
might otherwise constitute breaches of fiduciary duty. 

Our partnership agreement
contains provisions that reduce the fiduciary standards to which our general
partner would otherwise be held by Delaware law. For example, our partnership
agreement: 

permits our general
partner to make a number of decisions in its individual capacity, as opposed to
in its capacity as our general partner, which permits our general partner to
consider only the interests and factors that it desires. In such cases, it has
no duty or obligation to give any consideration to any interest of, or factors
affecting us, our affiliates or our unitholders. Decisions made by our general
partner in its individual capacity will be made by its sole owner, OSG, and not
by the board of directors of our general partner. Examples include the exercise
of its right to receive Class B units in exchange for resetting the target
distribution levels related to its incentive distribution rights, the exercise
of its limited call right, its rights to transfer or vote the units it owns,
its registration rights and its determination whether or not to consent to any
merger or consolidation of the partnership or amendment of the partnership
agreement; 

 provides that our general
partner will not have any liability to us or our unitholders for decisions made
in its capacity as general partner so long as it acted in good faith, meaning
it reasonably believed that the decision was in our best interests; 

 generally provides that
affiliated transactions and resolutions of conflicts of interest not approved
by the conflicts committee of the board of directors of our general partner
acting in good faith and not involving a vote of unitholders must be on terms
no less favorable to us than those generally being provided to or available
from 

33 

unrelated third parties or
must be fair and reasonable to us, as determined by our general partner in
good faith, and that, in determining whether a transaction or resolution is fair
and reasonable, our general partner may consider the totality of the
relationships among the parties involved, including other transactions that may
be particularly advantageous or beneficial to us; 

 provides that our general
partner and its affiliates and their officers and directors will not be liable
for monetary damages to us or our unitholders for any acts or omissions unless
there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of
competent jurisdiction determining that our general partner or those other
persons acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or willful misconduct or, in the
case of a criminal matter, acted with knowledge that the conduct was criminal;
and 

 provides that in resolving
conflicts of interest, it will be presumed that in making its decision the
general partner or its conflicts committee acted in good faith, and in any
proceeding brought by or on behalf of any limited partner or us, the person bringing
or prosecuting such proceeding will have the burden of overcoming such
presumption. 

Cost reimbursements payable to
our general partner and its affiliates, which will be determined by our general
partner, will be substantial and will reduce our cash available for
distribution to our unitholders. 

Prior to making any
distribution on the common units, we will reimburse our general partner and its
affiliates for all expenses they incur on our behalf, including a portion of
the compensation of our directors and officers who are employees of OSG for the
time they spend on partnership matters, which will be determined by our general
partner. These expenses will include all costs incurred by our general partner
and its affiliates in providing certain commercial and technical management
services and administrative, financial and other support services to us and
certain of our subsidiaries, including services rendered to us pursuant to the
agreements described below under Certain Relationships and Related Party
Transactions Management Agreement and contain Certain Relationships and
Related Party Transactions Administrative Services Agreement. The
reimbursement of expenses to our general partner and its affiliates could
adversely affect our ability to pay cash distributions to our unitholders. In
addition, under Delaware partnership law, our general partner has unlimited
liability for our obligations, such as our debts and environmental liabilities,
except for our contractual obligations that are expressly made without recourse
to our general partner. To the extent our general partner incurs obligations on
our behalf, we are obligated to reimburse or indemnify it. If we are unable or
unwilling to reimburse or indemnify our general partner, our general partner may
take actions to cause us to make payments of these obligations and liabilities.
Any such payments could reduce the amount of cash otherwise available for
distribution to our unitholders. 

Holders of our common units have
limited voting rights and are not entitled to elect our general partner or its
directors, which could reduce the price at which the common units will trade. 

Unlike the holders of common
stock in a corporation, unitholders have only limited voting rights on matters
affecting our business and, therefore, limited ability to influence management s
decisions regarding our business. Unitholders did not elect our general partner
or its board of directors and will have no right to elect our general partner
or its board of directors on an annual or any other continuing basis. The board
of directors of our general partner, including the independent directors, is
chosen by OSG. Furthermore, if unitholders are dissatisfied with the
performance of our general partner, their ability to remove our general partner
is limited. As a result of these limitations in the rights of our unitholders,
the price at which the common units will trade could be diminished because of
the absence or reduction of a takeover premium in the trading price. 

Even if unitholders are
dissatisfied, they cannot remove our general partner without its consent. 

The vote of the holders of at least 66 2 / 3 
of all outstanding common and subordinated units voting together as a single
class is required to remove our general partner. OSG owns 75.5 of our common
units and subordinated units. Therefore, unitholders will be unable initially
to remove our general partner without its consent because our general partner
and its affiliates will own sufficient units to prevent its removal. 

Also, if our general partner
is removed without cause during the subordination period and units held by
our general partner and OSG are not voted in favor of that removal, all
remaining subordinated units will automatically be converted into common units
and any existing arrearages on the common units will be extinguished. The
removal of our general partner under these circumstances would adversely affect
the common units by prematurely eliminating their distribution and liquidation
preference over the subordinated units, which would otherwise have continued
until we had met certain distribution and performance targets. Cause is
narrowly defined in our partnership agreement to mean that a court of competent
jurisdiction has entered a final, non-appealable judgment finding our general
partner liable for actual fraud or willful or wanton misconduct in its capacity
as our general partner. Cause does not include most cases of alleged poor 

34 

management of the business,
so the removal of our general partner because of the unitholders 
dissatisfaction with our general partner s performance in managing our
partnership will most likely result in the termination of the subordination
period and the conversion of all subordinated units to common units. 

Our partnership agreement
restricts the voting rights of unitholders owning 20 or more of our common
units. 

Our partnership agreement restricts unitholders 
voting rights by providing that any units held by a person that owns 20 or
more of any class of units then outstanding, other than our general partner,
its affiliates, their transferees and persons who acquired such units with the
prior approval of the board of directors of our general partner, cannot vote on
any matter. The partnership agreement also contains provisions limiting the
ability of unitholders to call meetings or to acquire information about our
operations, as well as other provisions limiting the ability of the unitholders
to influence the manner or direction of management. 

The control of our general
partner may be transferred to a third party without unitholder consent. 

Our general partner may transfer its general partner
interest to a third party in a merger or in a sale of all or substantially all
of its assets without the consent of the unitholders, so long as the third
party satisfies the citizenship requirements of the Jones Act. In addition, our
partnership agreement does not restrict the ability of OSG or any subsequent
member of our general partner from transferring all or a portion of its
membership interests in our general partner to a third party as long as the
citizenship requirements of the Jones Act are satisfied. In the event of any
such transfer, the new member or members of our general partner would be in a
position to replace the board of directors and officers of our general partner
with their own designees and thereby influence the decisions taken by the board
of directors and officers. 

We may issue additional equity
securities without unitholders approval, which would dilute the ownership
interests. 

Our general
partner, without the approval of our unitholders, may cause us to issue an
unlimited number of additional units or other equity securities, subject to any
limitations imposed by the New York Stock Exchange. The issuance by us of
additional common units or other equity securities may have the following
effects: 

our unitholders proportionate
ownership interest in us will decrease; 

 the amount of cash available to pay
distributions on each unit may decrease; 

 because a smaller percentage of total
outstanding units will be subordinated units, the risk that a shortfall in the
payment of the minimum quarterly distribution will be borne by our common
unitholders will increase; 

 the ratio of taxable income to
distributions may increase; 

 the relative voting strength of each
previously outstanding unit may be diminished; and 

 the market price of the common units
may decline. 

OSG may sell units in the public
or private markets, which may have adverse effects on the price of our common
units. 

OSG holds 7,500,000 common units and 15,000,000
subordinated units, representing a 73.5 limited partner interest in us. All of
the subordinated units will convert into common units at the end of the
subordination period, which could occur as early as the first business day
after September 30, 2010, and all of the subordinated units may convert
into common units earlier than such date if additional tests are satisfied. OSG
may, from time to time, sell all or a portion of its common units or
subordinated units in the public or private markets. Sales of any of these
units, or the anticipation of such sales, could lower the market price of our
common units and may make it more difficult for us to sell our equity
securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. 

We have granted registration
rights to our general partner and its affiliates, including OSG, and their
assignees. These registration rights continue for two years following any
withdrawal or removal of our general partner. These unitholders have the right,
subject to some conditions, to require us to file registration statements
covering any of our common, subordinated or other equity securities owned by
them or to include those securities in registration statements that we may file
for ourselves or our unitholders. By exercising their registration rights and
selling a large number of common units or other securities, these unitholders
could cause the price of our common units to decline. 

35 

We have a holding company
structure in which our subsidiaries conduct our operations and own our
operating assets, which may affect our ability to make distributions to our
unitholders. 

We have a holding company
structure and our operating subsidiaries conduct all of our operations and own
all of our operating assets. We have no significant assets other than our
ownership interests in our subsidiaries and our equity investments. As a
result, our ability to make distributions on our common units depends on the
performance of our subsidiaries and our equity investments and their ability to
distribute funds to us. The ability of our subsidiaries and joint ventures to
make distributions to us may be restricted by, among other things, the
provisions of existing and future indebtedness, applicable state partnership
and limited liability company laws and other laws and regulations. If we are
unable to obtain the funds necessary to make distributions on our common units,
we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as borrowing funds
to make distributions on our common units. We cannot assure our unitholders
that we would be able to borrow funds to make distributions on our common
units. 

Our partnership agreement
currently limits the ownership of our partnership interests by individuals or
entities that are not U.S. citizens. This restriction could limit the liquidity
of our common units. 

In order to ensure
compliance with Jones Act citizenship requirements, the board of directors of
our general partner has adopted a requirement that at least 85 of the interests
in our partnership must be held by U.S. citizens. This requirement may have an
adverse impact on the liquidity or market value of our common units because
holders will be unable to sell units to non-U.S. citizens. Any purported
transfer of common units in violation of these provisions will be ineffective
to transfer the common units or any voting, dividend or other rights associated
with them. 

In establishing cash reserves,
our general partner may reduce the amount of cash available for distributions to
our unitholders. 

Our partnership agreement
requires our general partner to deduct cash reserves from our operating surplus
that it determines are necessary to fund our future operating expenditures.
These reserves will affect the amount of cash available for distribution to our
unitholders. Our general partner may establish reserves for distributions on
the subordinated units, but only if those reserves will not prevent us from
distributing the full minimum quarterly distribution, plus any arrearages, on the
common units for the following four quarters. Our partnership agreement
requires our general partner each quarter to deduct from operating surplus
estimated maintenance capital expenditures, as opposed to actual expenditures,
which could reduce the amount of available cash for distribution. The amount of
estimated maintenance capital expenditures deducted from operating surplus is
subject to review and change by the board of directors of our general partner
at least once a year, provided that any change must be approved by the
conflicts committee. In addition, see above Risks Inherent in Our Business We
must make substantial capital expenditures to maintain the operating capacity
of our fleet, which will reduce our cash available for distribution. In addition,
our general partner is required to deduct estimated maintenance capital
expenditures from operating surplus each quarter, which may result in less cash
available to unitholders than if actual maintenance capital expenditures were
deducted. 

Our general partner has a limited
call right that may require our unitholders to sell their common units at an
undesirable time or price and is not required to obtain a fairness opinion in
connection with the exercise of its call right. 

If at any time our general
partner and its affiliates own more than 80 of the common units, our general
partner will have the right, but not the obligation, to acquire all, but not
less than all, of the common units held by unaffiliated persons at a price not
less than their then-current market price as determined in accordance with our
partnership agreement. Our general partner may assign this right to any of its
affiliates or to us. As a result, our unitholders may be required to sell their common units
at an undesirable time or price and may not receive any return on their
investment. Our unitholders may also incur a tax liability upon a sale of their
units. Our general partner is not obligated to obtain a fairness opinion
regarding the value of the common units to be repurchased by it upon exercise
of the limited call right. There is no restriction in our partnership agreement
that prevents our general partner from issuing additional common units and
exercising its call right. If our general partner exercised its limited call right,
the effect would be to take us private and, if the units were subsequently
deregistered, we would no longer be subject to the reporting requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

OSG owns common units
representing a 24.5 limited partner interest in us, together with 15,000,000
subordinated units representing an additional 49 limited partnership interest
in us. At the end of the subordination period, assuming no additional issuances
of common units, and conversion of our subordinated units into common units,
OSG will own common 

36 

units representing a 73.5 
limited partner interest in us. Our general partner and its affiliates may own
enough of our common units to enable our general partner to exercise its call
right. 

Our general partner may elect to
cause us to issue Class B units and general partner units to it in
connection with a resetting of the target distribution levels related to our
general partner s incentive distribution rights, without the approval of the
conflicts committee of our general partner or our unitholders. This could
result in lower distributions to our common unitholders. 

Our general partner has the
right, at any time when there are no subordinated units outstanding and it has
received incentive distributions at the highest level to which it is entitled
(48 for each of the prior four consecutive quarters, to reset the initial
cash target distribution levels at higher levels based on the distribution at
the time of the exercise of the reset election. Following a reset election by
our general partner, the minimum quarterly distribution amount will be reset to
an amount equal to the average cash distribution amount per common unit for the
two quarters immediately preceding the reset election (we refer to this amount
as the reset minimum quarterly distribution and the target distribution
levels will be reset to correspondingly higher levels based on percentage
increases above the reset minimum quarterly distribution amount. 

In connection with resetting
these target distribution levels, our general partner will be entitled to
receive a number of Class B units and general partner units. The Class B
units will be entitled to the same cash distributions per unit as our common
units and will be convertible into an equal number of common units. The number
of Class B units to be issued will be equal to the number of units whose
aggregate quarterly cash distributions equaled the average of the distributions
to our general partner on the incentive distribution rights in the prior two
quarters. The number of general partner units to be issued will be an amount
that will maintain our general partner s ownership interest immediately prior
to the reset election. We anticipate that our general partner would exercise
this reset right in order to facilitate acquisitions or internal growth
projects that would not be sufficiently accretive to cash distributions per
common unit without such conversion. It is possible, however, that our general
partner could exercise this reset election at a time when it is experiencing,
or may be expected to experience, declines in the cash distributions it
receives related to its incentive distribution rights and may therefore desire
to be issued our Class B units rather than retain the right to receive
incentive distributions based on the initial target distribution levels. As a
result, a reset election may cause our common unitholders to experience
dilution in the amount of cash distributions that they would have otherwise
received had we not issued new Class B units and general partner units to
our general partner in connection with resetting the target distribution levels
related to our general partner s incentive distribution rights. 

If we make distributions out of
capital surplus, as opposed to operating surplus, such distributions will
constitute a return of capital and will result in a reduction in the minimum
quarterly distribution and the target distribution levels. 

Our partnership agreement
treats a distribution of capital surplus as the repayment of the initial unit
price, which is a return of capital. The initial offering price less any
distributions of capital surplus per unit is referred to as the unrecovered
capital. Each time a distribution of capital surplus is made, the minimum
quarterly distribution and the target distribution levels will be reduced in
the same proportion as the corresponding reduction in the unrecovered capital
per unit, which would adversely affect the amount of distributions you would
receive. Because distributions of capital surplus will reduce the minimum
quarterly distribution, after any of these distributions it may be easier for
our general partner to receive incentive distributions and for the subordinated
units to convert into common units. However, any distribution of capital
surplus before the minimum quarterly distribution is reduced to zero cannot be
applied to the payment of the minimum quarterly distribution or any arrearages.
We do not anticipate that we will make any distributions from capital surplus. 

Unitholders may not have limited
liability if a court finds that unitholder action constitutes control of our
business. 

As a limited partner in a partnership organized under
Delaware law, our unitholders could be held liable for our obligations to the
same extent as a general partner if a court or government agency determined
that: 

we were conducting
business in a state but had not complied with that particular state s
partnership statute; or 

 our unitholders right to
act with other unitholders to remove or replace the general partner, to approve
some amendments to our partnership agreement or to take other actions under our
partnership agreement constitute control of our business. 

Our general partner generally
has unlimited liability for the obligations of the partnership, such as its
debts and environmental liabilities, except for those contractual obligations
of the partnership that are expressly made without recourse 

37 

to our general partner. In
addition, the limitations on the liability of holders of limited partner
interests for the obligations of a limited partnership have not been clearly
established in some other jurisdictions in which we do business. 

We can borrow money to pay
distributions, which would reduce the amount of borrowing capacity available to
operate our business. 

Our partnership agreement
will allow us to make working capital borrowings to pay distributions.
Accordingly, we can make distributions on all our units even though cash
generated by our operations may not be sufficient to pay such distributions.
Any working capital borrowings by us to make distributions will reduce the
amount of working capital borrowings available for operating our business. For
more information, please read Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Sources of Capital Senior
Secured Revolving Credit Facility. 

Restrictions in our debt
agreements will limit our ability to pay distributions upon the occurrence of
certain events. 

Our senior secured revolving
credit facility and our secured term loans limit our ability to pay
distributions upon the occurrence of the following events, among others: 

failure to pay any
principal, interest, fees, expenses or other amounts when due; 

 breach or lapse of any
insurance with respect to the vessels; 

 breach of certain
financial covenants; 

 failure to observe any
other agreement, security instrument, obligation or covenant beyond specified
cure periods in certain cases; 

 default under other
indebtedness; 

 bankruptcy or insolvency
events; 

 failure of any
representation or warranty to be materially correct; 

 a change of control, as
defined in the applicable debt agreement; and 

 any other event of
default, as defined in the applicable debt agreement. 

Any subsequent refinancing
of our current debt or any new debt could have similar restrictions. 

Increases in interest rates may
cause the market price of our common units to decline. 

An increase in interest rates may cause a
corresponding decline in demand for equity investments in general and in
particular for yield-based equity investments such as our common units. Any
such increase in interest rates or reduction in demand for our common units
resulting from other relatively more attractive investment opportunities may
cause the trading price of our common units to decline. 

Unitholders may have liability to
repay distributions that were wrongfully distributed to them. 

Under some circumstances, unitholders may have to
repay amounts wrongfully returned or distributed to them. We may not make a
distribution to our unitholders if the distribution would cause our liabilities
to exceed the fair value of our assets. Delaware law provides that for a period
of three years from the date of the impermissible distribution, limited
partners who received the distribution and who knew at the time of the
distribution that it violated Delaware law will be liable to the limited
partnership for the distribution amount. Purchasers of units who become limited
partners are liable for the obligations of the transferring limited partner to
make contributions to the partnership that are known to the purchaser at the
time it became a limited partner and for unknown obligations if the liabilities
could be determined from the partnership agreement. Liabilities to partners on
account of their partnership interest and liabilities that are non-recourse to
the partnership are not counted for purposes of determining whether a
distribution is permitted. 

Tax Risks 

Our tax treatment depends on our
status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes and not being subject
to entity-level taxation by states. If the IRS was to treat us as a corporation
or if we were to become subject to entity-level taxation for state tax
purposes, then our cash available for distribution to you would be
substantially reduced. 

38 

The anticipated after-tax
benefit of an investment in our common units depends largely on our being
treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. We have not
requested, and do not plan to request, a ruling from the IRS on this matter. 

If we were treated as a
corporation for federal income tax purposes, we would pay federal income tax on
our income at the corporate tax rate, which is currently a maximum of 35 .
Distributions to o ur unitholders would generally be taxed again as corporate distributions and no
income, gains, losses, deductions or credits would flow through to our
unitholders. Because a tax would be
imposed upon us as a corporation, our cash available for distribution to our
unitholders would be substantially
reduced. Treatment of us as a corporation would result in a material reduction
in the anticipated cash flow and after-tax return to our unitholders, likely causing a substantial reduction in
the value of the common units. 

Current law may change,
causing us to be treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes or
otherwise subjecting us to entity-level taxation. For example, due to
widespread state budget deficits in recent years, several states have been
evaluating ways to subject partnerships to entity-level taxation through the
imposition of state income tax, franchise tax or other forms of taxation. If
any state were to impose a tax upon us as an entity, the cash available for
distribution to our unitholders would be reduced. Our partnership agreement
provides that if a law is enacted or existing law is modified or interpreted in
a manner that subjects us to taxation as a corporation or otherwise subjects us
to entity-level taxation for federal, state or local income tax purposes, then
the minimum quarterly distribution amount and the target distribution amounts
will be adjusted to reflect the impact of that law on us. 

The tax treatment of publicly
traded partnerships or an investment in our common units could be subject to
potential legislative, judicial or administrative changes and differing
interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. 

The present U.S. federal
income tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships, including us, or an
investment in our common units may be modified by administrative, legislative
or judicial interpretation at any time. For example, in response to certain
recent developments, members of Congress are considering substantive changes to
the definition of qualifying income under Section 7704(d) of the
Internal Revenue Code. It is possible that these efforts could result in
changes to the existing U.S. tax laws that affect publicly traded partnerships,
including us. Any modification to the U.S. federal income tax laws and
interpretations thereof may or may not be applied retroactively. We are unable
to predict whether any of these changes, or other proposals, will ultimately be
enacted. Any such changes could negatively affect the value of an investment in
our common units. 

If the IRS contests the federal
income tax positions we take, the market for our common units may be adversely
affected and the costs of any contest will be borne by our unitholders and our
general partner. 

We have not requested any
ruling from the IRS with respect to our treatment as a partnership for federal
income tax purposes. The IRS may adopt positions that differ from the positions
we take and it may be necessary to resort to administrative or court
proceedings to sustain some or all of the positions we take. A court may not
agree with some or all of the positions we take. Any contest with the IRS may
materially and adversely affect the market for our common units and the price
at which they trade. In addition, the costs of any contest with the IRS will
result in a reduction in cash available for distribution to our unitholders and
our general partner and thus will be borne indirectly by our unitholders and
our general partner. 

Our unitholders will be required to pay taxes on their
share of our income even if they do not receive any cash distributions from us.
Our unitholders will be required to pay federal income taxes and, in some
cases, state and local income taxes on their share of our taxable income,
whether or not they receive cash distributions from us. Our unitholders may not
receive cash distributions from us equal to their share of our taxable income
or even equal to the actual tax liability that result from their share of our
taxable income. 

The first cash distribution
was paid by us in February 2008 based upon the period from November 14,
2007 to December 31, 2007. Our unitholders will, however, be required to
include in income their allocable share of our income for the taxable period
from completion of this offering until December 31, 2007, without regard
to whether they receive corresponding cash distributions. 

Tax gain or loss on the disposition of our common
units could be different than expected. If our unitholders sell their common
units, they will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the
amount realized and the tax basis in those common units. Prior distributions to
our unitholders in excess of the total net taxable income they were allocated
for a common unit, which decreased their tax basis in that common unit, will,
in effect, become taxable income to them if the common unit is sold at a price
greater than their tax basis in that common unit, even if the price they
receive is less than their original cost. A substantial portion of 

39 

the
amount realized, whether or not representing gain, may be taxed as ordinary
income to our unitholders due to potential recapture items, including
depreciation recapture. 

Tax-exempt entities and foreign
persons face unique tax issues from owning common units that may result in
adverse tax consequences to them. 

Investment in common units
by tax-exempt entities, such as individual retirement accounts IRAs and
non-U.S. persons raises issues unique to them. For example, virtually all of
our income allocated to organizations exempt from federal income tax, including
IRAs and other retirement plans, will be unrelated business taxable income and
will be taxable to them. Distributions to non-U.S. persons will be reduced by
withholding taxes at the highest applicable effective tax rate and non-U.S.
persons will be required to file U.S. federal income tax returns and pay
tax on their share of our taxable income. 

We will treat each purchaser of
units as having the same tax benefits without regard to the units purchased.
The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of
the common units. 

Because we cannot match
transferors and transferees of common units, we will adopt depreciation and
amortization positions that may not conform to all aspects of existing Treasury
regulations. A successful IRS challenge to those positions could adversely
affect the amount of tax benefits available to o ur unitholders . It also could affect the timing of these
tax benefits or the amount of gain from our unitholders sale of common units
and could have a negative impact on the value of our common units or result in
audit adjustments to our unitholders tax returns. 

Our unitholders will likely be
subject to state and local taxes and return filing requirements as a result of
investing in our common units. 

In addition to federal
income taxes, o ur unitholders will likely be subject to other taxes, such as state and local income
taxes, unincorporated business taxes and estate, inheritance or intangible
taxes that are imposed by the various jurisdictions in which we do business or
own property even if you do not live in these jurisdictions. Our unitholders
will likely be required to file state and local income tax returns and pay
state and local income taxes in some or all of these various jurisdictions.
Further, our unitholders may be subject to penalties for failure to comply with
those requirements. We will initially conduct business in Florida, which does
not impose an individual income tax. We may own property or conduct business in
other states or foreign countries in the future. It is our unitholders
responsibility to file all of your federal, state and local tax returns. 

The sale or exchange of 50 or
more of our capital and profits interests during any 12-month period will
result in the termination of our partnership for federal income tax purposes. 

We will be considered to
have terminated our status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes if
there is a sale or exchange of 50 or more of the total interests in our
capital and profits within a 12-month period. Our termination would, among
other things, result in the closing of our taxable year for all unitholders and
could result in a deferral of depreciation deductions allowable in computing
our taxable income. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

At December 31, 2007, we owned or operated
(including newbuilds) an aggregate of 24 vessels. See tables presented under
Item 1. Additional information about our fleet is set forth on our website,
www.osgamerica.com. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are party to routine, marine related claims,
lawsuits and labor arbitrations arising in the ordinary course of our business.
The claims made in connection with our marine operations are covered by
insurance, subject to applicable policy deductibles that are not material as to
any type of insurance coverage. We provide on a current basis for amounts we
expect to pay. 

40 

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO
A VOTE OF UNITHOLDERS 

None. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED SECURITYHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Price of Common Units,
Distributions and Related Unit Holder Matters 

Our common units are listed on the New York Stock
Exchange under the symbol OSP . As of February 4, 2008 there were 15,002,250
million common units, representing an aggregate 50 limited partner interest in
us, which were held by eight holders of record, representing approximately
4,000 beneficial holders. The following
table shows, for the period indicated, the high and low sales prices of our
common units, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, and the amount of
cash distribution declared per common unit: 

Cash 

2007 

High 

Low 

Distribution (1) 

Fourth Quarter 

19.45 

15.49 

0.1875 

(1) Distributions are shown for the quarter for which they
were declared. An identical per unit cash distribution was paid on the subordinated
units. 

The aggregate
amount of distributions declared in January 2008 for the year ended 2007
on common units, subordinated units and general partner units totaled 5.7
million. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance
Under Equity Compensation Plans 

EQUITY
COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

Number of Securities to be 
 Issued upon Exercise of 
 Outstanding Options, 
 Warrants and Rights 

Weighted Average 
 Exercise Price of 
 Outstanding 
 Options, 
 Warrants and Rights 

Number of Securities 
 Remaining Available 
 for Future Issuance 
 under Equity 
 Compensation Plans 
 (excluding Securities 
 reflected in column (a)) 

Plan Category 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders(1) 

247,250 

Total 

247,250 

(1) For a description of
this equity compensation plan please read Note J to Item 8 - Financial
Statements. 

Cash Distribution Policy 

Within approximately 45 days after the end of
each quarter, we will distribute all of our available cash (as defined below)
to unitholders of record on the applicable record date. We adjusted the minimum
quarterly distribution for the period from the completion of the initial public
offering through December 31, 2007 based on the actual length of that
period. 

41 

We define available cash as, for each fiscal quarter,
all cash on hand at the end of the quarter (including our proportionate share
of cash on hand of certain subsidiaries we do not wholly own): 

less the amount of
cash reserves (including our proportionate share of cash reserves of certain
subsidiaries we do not wholly own) established by our general partner to: 

 provide for the proper conduct of our business
(including reserves for future capital expenditures and for our anticipated
credit needs); 

 comply with applicable
law, any of our debt instruments or other agreements; and 

 provide funds for distributions to our unitholders
and to our general partner for any one or more of the next four quarters; 

 plus all cash on hand
(including our proportionate share of cash on hand of certain subsidiaries we
do not wholly own) on the date of determination of available cash for the
quarter resulting from working capital borrowings made after the end of the
quarter for which the determination is made. Working capital borrowings are
generally borrowings that will be made under our senior secured revolving
credit facility and in all cases are used solely for working capital purposes
or to pay distributions to unitholders and with the intent to repay such
borrowings within 12 months. 

Subordination Period 

General. During the
subordination period, which we define below, the common units will have the
right to receive distributions of available cash from operating surplus in an
amount equal to the minimum quarterly distribution of 0.375 per quarter, plus
any arrearages in the payment of the minimum quarterly distribution on the
common units from prior quarters, before any distributions of available cash
from operating surplus may be made on the subordinated units. Distribution
arrearages do not accrue on the subordinated units. The purpose of the
subordinated units is to increase the likelihood that during the subordination
period there will be available cash from operating surplus for distribution to
the holders of the common units. 

Definition of
Subordination Period . Except as
described below under Early Termination of Subordination Period, the
subordination period will extend until the first day of any quarter, beginning
after September 30, 2010, that each of the following tests are met: 

distributions of available cash from operating surplus on each of the
outstanding common units, subordinated units and general partner units equaled
or exceeded the minimum quarterly distribution for each of the three
consecutive, non-overlapping four-quarter periods immediately preceding that
date; 

the adjusted operating surplus generated during each of the three
consecutive, non-overlapping four-quarter periods immediately preceding that
date equaled or exceeded the sum of the minimum quarterly distributions on all
of the outstanding common units, subordinated units and general partner units
during those periods on a fully diluted basis; and 

there are no arrearages in payment of the minimum quarterly
distribution on the common units. 

If the unitholders remove our general partner without
cause, the subordination period may end before September 30, 2010. 

Early Termination of
Subordination Period . The subordination period will be automatically
terminated and the subordinated units will convert into common units on a
one-for-one basis if the following tests are met: 

distributions of
available cash from operating surplus on each of the outstanding common units,
subordinated units and general partner units equaled or exceeded 2.25 (150 of
the annualized minimum quarterly distribution) for any four-quarter period immediately
preceding the date of determination; and 

 the adjusted operating
surplus generated during any four-quarter period immediately preceding the date
of determination equaled or exceeded the sum of a distribution of 2.25 per
common unit (150 of the annualized minimum quarterly distribution) on all of
the outstanding common and subordinated units on a fully diluted basis; and 

 there are no
arrearages in payment of the minimum quarterly distribution on the common
units. 

42 

For purposes of determining whether sufficient
adjusted operating surplus has been generated under these conversion tests, the
conflicts committee may adjust adjusted operating surplus upwards or downwards
if it determines in good faith that the estimated amount of maintenance capital
expenditures used in the determination of operating surplus was materially
incorrect, based on circumstances prevailing at the time of the original
determination of that estimate. 

Incentive Distribution Rights 

Incentive distribution
rights are the right to receive an increasing percentage of quarterly
distributions of available cash from operating surplus after the minimum
quarterly distribution and the target distribution levels have been achieved.
Our general partner currently holds the incentive distribution rights, but may
transfer these rights separately from its general partner interest, subject to
restrictions in the partnership agreement. 

If for any quarter we have distributed available cash
from operating surplus: 

to the common and
subordinated unitholders in an amount equal to the minimum quarterly
distribution; and 

 on outstanding common
units in an amount equal to any cumulative arrearages in payment of the minimum
quarterly distribution; 

then, we will
distribute any additional available cash from operating surplus for that
quarter between the unitholders and our general partner in the following
manner: 

first, 98 to all
unitholders, pro rata, and 2 to our general partner, until each unitholder
receives a total of 0.43125 per unit for that quarter (the first target
distribution 

 second, 85 to all
unitholders, pro rata, and 15 to our general partner, until each unitholder
receives a total of 0.46875 per unit for that quarter (the second target
distribution 

 third, 75 to all
unitholders, pro rata, and 25 to our general partner, until each unitholder
receives a total of 0.56250 per unit for that quarter (the third target
distribution and 

 thereafter, 50 to all
unitholders, pro rata, and 50 to our general partner. 

In each case, the amount of the first target
distribution, the second target distribution and the third target distribution
set forth above is exclusive of any distributions to common unitholders made to
eliminate any cumulative arrearages in payment of the minimum quarterly
distribution. The percentage interests set forth above assume that our general
partner maintains its 2 general partner interest and has not transferred the
incentive distribution rights and we do not issue additional classes of equity
securities. 

43 

ITEM 6.
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

The following unaudited selected financial data for the periods November 15
through December 31, 2007 and January 1 through November 14,
2007 and for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, and at December 31,
2007 and 2006, are derived from the audited financial statements set forth in
Item 8, which have been audited by Ernst Young LLP, independent
registered public accounting firm. The unaudited selected financial data for
the year ended December 31, 2004 and at December 31, 2005, are
derived from audited financial statements not appearing in this Annual Report,
which have also been audited by Ernst Young LLP. The unaudited
selected financial data for the year ended December 31, 2003 and at December 31,
2004 and 2003 are derived from unaudited financial statements not appearing in
this Annual Report. 

January 1 

November 15 

through 

through 

In thousands, except net income per 

Year Ended December 31, 

November 14, 

December 31, 

unit and operating data 

2003 

2004 (1) 

2005 

2006 

2007 

2007 

Income
 Statement Data: 

(unaudited) 

Shipping
 revenues 

26,051 

31,799 

49,840 

88,852 

182,871 

31,136 

Operating
 expenses 

Voyage
 expenses(2) 

366 

366 

3,055 

10,592 

26,670 

4,666 

Vessel
 expenses(3) 

10,571 

12,077 

19,550 

34,430 

71,407 

11,398 

Bareboat charter
 expenses 

10,205 

3,469 

Depreciation and
 amortization 

6,303 

10,811 

14,553 

21,592 

40,765 

7,001 

General and
 administrative 

1,920 

3,542 

4,246 

7,942 

18,564 

2,899 

Loss on charter
 termination 

2,486 

Total operating
 expenses 

19,160 

26,796 

43,890 

74,556 

167,611 

29,433 

Income from
 vessel operations 

6,891 

5,003 

5,950 

14,296 

15,260 

1,703 

Equity in income
 of affiliated companies 

7,584 

7,097 

8,066 

6,811 

3,192 

2,551 

Operating income 

14,475 

12,100 

14,016 

21,107 

18,452 

4,254 

Other income
 (expense) 

2 

1 

9 

(8 

17 

Interest expense 

(8,304 

(9,224 

(10,685 

(12,612 

(10,835 

(665 

Income before
 federal income taxes 

6,171 

2,878 

3,332 

8,504 

7,609 

3,606 

(Provision) /
 credit for federal income taxes 

(2,160 

(1,007 

(1,325 

(768 

(2,048 

Net income 

4,011 

1,871 

2,007 

7,736 

5,561 

3,606 

Net income per
 unit (basic and diluted) 

0.12 

Balance
 Sheet Data: 

Vessels(4) 

37,071 

70,932 

132,160 

418,702 

426,693 

Total assets 

48,954 

85,521 

149,134 

610,957 

651,112 

Total debt(5) 

184,167 

219,766 

272,927 

660,929 

89,465 

Stockholder s
 deficiency 

(157,204 

(155,133 

(152,026 

(144,290 

Partners 
 capital 

540,697 

Cash
 Flow Data: 

Net cash
 provided by (used in): 

Operating
 activities 

12,379 

7,141 

19,800 

13,299 

28,715 

(402 

Investing
 activities 

(43,012 

(74,116 

(345,483 

(41,113 

(3,643 

Financing
 activities 

(12,225 

35,799 

54,261 

332,399 

12,416 

7,127 

Other
 Financial Data: 

Time charter
 equivalent revenue 

25,685 

31,433 

46,785 

78,260 

156,201 

26,470 

EBITDA 

20,778 

22,913 

28,570 

42,708 

59,209 

11,272 

Capital expenditures 

Expenditures for
 vessels and equipment 

43,012 

74,116 

4,623 

41,113 

3,643 

Expenditures for
 drydocking 

2,739 

115 

5,835 

16,874 

533 

Operating
 Data: 

Total capacity
 days 

730 

1,232 

1,662 

2,501 

5,508 

892 

Revenue days 

729 

1,193 

1,639 

2,368 

4,748 

771 

Drydock days 

37 

4 

108 

659 

93 

Repair days 

1 

2 

19 

25 

84 

16 

44 

(1) Only the statements of operations,
changes in stockholder s deficiency and cash flows have been audited in respect
of the year ended December 31, 2004. The balance sheet for the year ended December 31,
2004 is unaudited. 

 (2) Voyage expenses are all expenses unique
to a particular voyage, including commissions, port charges, cargo handling
operations, canal dues and fuel. 

 (3) Vessel expenses consist of all expenses
related to the operation of the vessels, including crewing, repairs and
maintenance, insurance, stores, spares, lubricants and miscellaneous expenses. 

 (4) Vessels consist of (a) vessels, at
cost, less accumulated depreciation, (b) vessels under capital leases, at
cost, less accumulated depreciation, and (c) construction in progress. 

 (5) Total debt includes long-term debt,
capital lease obligations and advances from affiliates. 

Non-U.S. GAAP Financial Measures 

Consistent with general practice in the shipping
industry, we use time charter equivalent TCE revenues, which represent
shipping revenues less voyage expenses, as a measure to compare revenues
generated from voyage charters to revenues generated from time charters. TCE
revenues, a non-U.S. GAAP measure, provides additional meaningful information
in conjunction with shipping revenues, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP
measure, because it assists our management in making decisions regarding the
deployment and use of our vessels and in evaluating their financial performance. 

The following table
reconciles TCE revenues to shipping revenues. 

Year Ended December 31, 

January 1 - 
 November 14, 

November 15- 
 December 31, 

In thousands 

2003 

2004 

2005 

2006 

2007 

2007 

(unaudited) 

TCE revenues 

25,685 

31,433 

46,785 

78,260 

156,201 

26,470 

Voyage expenses 

366 

366 

3,055 

10,592 

26,670 

4,666 

Shipping
 revenues 

26,051 

31,799 

49,840 

88,852 

182,871 

31,136 

EBITDA represents net income plus interest expense,
provision for income taxes, and depreciation and amortization expense. EBITDA
is presented to provide investors with meaningful additional information that
management uses to monitor ongoing operating results and evaluate trends over
comparative periods. 

EBITDA assists our management and investors by
increasing the comparability of our fundamental performance from period to
period and against the fundamental performance of other companies in our
industry that provide EBITDA information. For a more detailed discussion of our
use of EBITDA please read Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations EBITDA. 

EBITDA should not be considered a substitute for net
income or cash flow from operating activities and other operations or cash flow
statement data prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP or as a measure of
profitability or liquidity. While EBITDA is frequently used as a measure of
operating results and performance, it is not necessarily comparable to other similar
titled captions of other companies due to differences in methods of
calculation. 

45 

The following table
reconciles net income to EBITDA. 

Year Ended December 31, 

January 1 - 
 November 14, 

November 15- 
 December 31, 

In thousands 

2003 

2004 

2005 

2006 

2007 

2007 

(unaudited) 

Net income 

4,011 

1,871 

2,007 

7,736 

5,561 

3,606 

Provision for
 federal income taxes 

2,160 

1,007 

1,325 

768 

2,048 

Interest expense 

8,304 

9,224 

10,685 

12,612 

10,835 

665 

Depreciation and
 amortization 

6,303 

10,811 

14,553 

21,592 

40,765 

7,001 

EBITDA 

20,778 

22,913 

28,570 

42,708 

59,209 

11,272 

The following table reconciles net cash provided by
operating activities to EBITDA. 

Year Ended December 31, 

January 1 - 
 November 14, 

November 15- 
 December 31, 

In thousands 

2003 

2004 

2005 

2006 

2007 

2007 

(unaudited) 

Net cash provided
 by operating activities 

12,379 

7,141 

19,800 

13,299 

28,715 

(402 

Payments for
 drydocking 

2,739 

115 

5,835 

16,874 

533 

Interest expense 

8,304 

9,224 

10,685 

12,612 

10,835 

665 

Undistributed
 earnings from affiliated companies 

(376 

(405 

838 

(1,021 

(3,618 

2,551 

Changes in
 operating assets and liabilities (except for taxes) 

113 

844 

(5,219 

6,732 

3,406 

8,050 

Federal income
 taxes 

484 

4,066 

2,040 

4,924 

3,325 

Other 

(126 

(696 

311 

327 

(328 

(125 

EBITDA 

20,778 

22,913 

28,570 

42,708 

59,209 

11,272 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following is a discussion of the historical consolidated
financial condition and results of operations of OSG America L.P. and, prior to
our November 15, 2007 initial public offering, of our predecessor company,
and should be read in conjunction with our historical consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. 

Overview 

We are the largest operator, based on barrel-carrying capacity, of U.S.
flag vessels transporting refined petroleum products. We were recently formed
by Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc., a market leader in providing global
energy transportation services. We plan to use the expertise, customer base and
reputation of OSG to expand its marine transportation service. 

On November 15, 2007, upon completion of our initial public
offering, OSG contributed to us entities owning or operating a fleet of ten
product carriers, seven articulated tug barges ATBs and one conventional
tug/barge unit, with an aggregate carrying capacity of approximately
4.9 million barrels. OSG also contributed to us a 37.5 ownership interest
in Alaska Tanker Company, LLC, a joint venture that transports crude oil from
Alaska to the continental United States and which employs a fleet of five
crude-oil tankers. OSG owns a 75.5 interest in us, including a 2 interest
through our general partner, which OSG owns and controls. Our membership
interests in our operating subsidiaries represent our only cash-generating
assets. 

Our market is protected from direct foreign competition by the Merchant
Marine Act of 1920 Jones Act ), which mandates that all vessels transporting
cargo between U.S. ports must be built in the United States, registered under
the U.S. flag, manned by U.S. crews and owned and operated by U.S. organized
companies that are controlled and at least 75 owned by U.S. citizens.
Sixteen of the eighteen vessels in our operating fleet at December 31,
2007 are operated in the U.S. 

46 

coastwise trade in
accordance with the Jones Act and all of our future scheduled newbuild
deliveries will qualify to operate under the Jones Act. 

Demand for our services
is driven primarily by demand for refined petroleum products in the areas in
which we operate. We generate revenue by charging customers for the
transportation and distribution of their products utilizing our tank vessels
and tugboats. These services are generally provided under the following four
basic types of contractual relationships: 

time charters, which are contracts to charter a vessel for a fixed
period of time, generally one year or more, at a set daily rate; 

contracts of affreightment, which are contracts to provide
transportation services for products over a specific trade route, with no
designation of the specific vessel to be used, generally for one or more years,
at a negotiated per barrel rate; 

voyage charters, which are charters for a single round-trip, that are
based on the current market rate; and 

bareboat charters, which are longer-term agreements that allow a
customer to operate one of our vessels and utilize its own operating staff
without taking ownership of the vessel. 

In addition, a variation of a voyage charter is known
as a consecutive voyage charter. Under this arrangement, consecutive voyages
are performed for a specified period of time. 

The table below
illustrates the primary distinctions among these types of contracts: 

Time Charter 

Contract of 
 Affreightment 

Voyage 
 Charter(1) 

Bareboat 
 Charter 

Typical contract length 

One year or more 

One year or more 

Single voyage 

Two years or more 

Rate basis 

Daily 

Per barrel 

Varies 

Daily 

Voyage expenses(2) 

Customer pays 

We pay 

We pay 

Customer pays 

Vessel operating
 expenses(2) 

We pay 

We pay 

We pay 

Customer pays 

Idle time 

Customer pays as long as vessel is available for
 operations 

Customer does not pay 

Customer does not pay 

Customer pays 

(1) Under a consecutive voyage charter, the customer does
not pay for idle time. 

(2) See Definitions below. 

For contracts of affreightment and voyage charters,
revenue is recognized based upon the relative transit time in each period.
Although contracts of affreightment and certain contracts for voyage charters
may be effective for a period in excess of one year, revenue is recognized over
the transit time of individual voyages, which are generally less than ten days in
duration. For time charters and bareboat charters, revenue is recognized
ratably over the contract period. 

One of the principal distinctions among these types of
contracts is whether the vessel operator or the customer pays for voyage
expenses, which include commissions, fuel, port charges, pilot fees, tank
cleaning costs, canal tolls and cargo handling operations. Some voyage expenses
are fixed and the remainder can be estimated. If we, as the vessel operator,
pay the voyage expenses, we typically pass these expenses on to our customers
by charging higher rates under the contract or, in certain cases, re-billing
such expenses to them. As a result, although voyage revenue from different
types of contracts may vary, the net revenue that remains after subtracting
voyage expenses, which we call net voyage revenue, is comparable across the
different types of contracts. Therefore, we principally use TCE revenue, which
is net voyage revenue, rather than voyage revenue, when comparing performance
between different periods. Since TCE revenue is a non-GAAP measurement, it is
reconciled to the nearest GAAP measurement, voyage revenue, under Results of
Operations below. 

Overview OSG
America Predecessor 

For the period January 1
through November 14, 2007 and the year ended December 31, 2006, the
combined financial statements presented herein have been carved out of the
consolidated financial statements of OSG. Our financial position, results of
operations and cash flows reflected in our combined financial statements are
not indicative of those that would have been achieved had we operated as an
independent stand-alone entity for all periods presented or of future results. 

To the extent that
assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses relate to the OSG America Predecessor Predecessor ), they have been identified and carved out of OSG for inclusion
in our combined financial statements. OSG s other assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses that do not relate to the vessel interests are not included in our
combined financial statements. In 

47 

addition, the preparation
of our combined carve-out financial statements required the allocation of
certain expenses where these items were not identifiable as related to OSG
America Predecessor. 

General and
administrative expenses, consisting primarily of salaries and other employee
related costs, office rent, legal and professional fees and travel and
entertainment expenses were allocated based on the total number of vessels
(weighted by operating days) in the respective fleets of OSG America
Predecessor and OSG for each of the above periods presented. Management
believes that the allocation of general and administrative expenses was based
on a reasonable method. 

All of the companies
included in the Predecessor combined carve-out financial statements have been
included in the OSG consolidated group for U.S. income tax purposes for periods
through November 14, 2007. The Predecessor financial statements have been
prepared on the basis that OSG was responsible for all taxes related to periods
prior to January 1, 2002. The provisions/ (credits) for income taxes in
the Predecessor s combined financial statements have been determined on a
separate-return basis for all periods presented. 

Definitions 

In order to understand our discussion of our results
of operations, it is important to understand the meaning of the following terms
used in our analysis and the factors that influence our results of operations: 

AR rates . American Tanker Rate Schedule commonly referred to
as AR rates in the industry is published by the Association of Ship Brokers
and Agents (USA) Inc. (the Association as a rate reference for shipping
companies, brokers and their customers engaged in the bulk shipping of oil in
the coastwise trade. AR is a list of calculated (or flat) rates for specific
voyage itineraries for a standard vessel, as defined. AR allows the agreed
revenue per day for any voyage to be expressed as AR 100 which means the rate
as calculated and published by the Association. 
Thus, a negotiated rate of 50 above the flat rate would, therefore, be
quoted as AR 150 whereas 50 below the flat rate would be quoted as AR 50 
eliminating the use of plus or minus symbols during the negotiations. Included in this flat rate are defined voyage
assumptions, a round trip voyage, allowed laytime for cargo operations, fuel
prices and consumption, and estimated port charges for the entire voyage. 

Articulated tug barge. ATB is the abbreviation for Articulated Tug
Barge, which is a tug-barge combination system capable of operating on the high
seas, coastwise and further inland. It combines a normal barge, with a bow
resembling that of a ship, but having a deep indent at the stern to accommodate
the bow of a tug. The fit is such that the resulting combination behaves almost
like a single vessel at sea as well as while maneuvering. 

Capacity days . Total capacity days are equal to the
number of calendar days in the period multiplied by the total number of vessels
operating or in drydock during that period. 

Days
worked. Days
worked are equal to total vessel days less drydocking days and days off-hire.
Alternatively referred to as revenue days. 

Deadweight tons or dwt . dwt is the abbreviation for deadweight
tons, representing principally the cargo carrying capacity of a vessel, but
including the weight of consumables such as fuel, lube oil, drinking water and
stores. 

Depreciation
and amortization .
We incur expenses related to the depreciation of the historical cost of our
fleet and the amortization of expenditures for drydockings. The aggregate
number of drydockings undertaken in a given period and the nature of the work
performed determine the level of drydocking expenditures. Depreciation
and amortization is determined as follows: 

Vessels and equipment are recorded at
cost, including capitalized interest and transaction fees where appropriate,
and depreciated to salvage value using the straight-line method. 

Both domestic and international
regulatory bodies require that petroleum carrying shipping vessels be drydocked
for major repair and maintenance twice every five years. In addition, vessels
may have to be drydocked in the event of accidents or other unforeseen damage.
We capitalize expenditures incurred for drydocking and amortize these
expenditures generally over two and a half years. 

Double hull. Hull construction design in which a
vessel has an inner and an outer side and bottom separated by void space,
usually two meters in width. 

Drydocking
days . Drydocking
days are days designated for the cleaning, positioning, inspection and survey
of vessels, and resulting maintenance work, as required by the U.S. Coast Guard
and the American Bureau of Shipping to maintain the vessels qualification to
work in the U.S. coastwise trade. Drydocking days also include unscheduled
instances where vessels may have to be drydocked in the event of accidents or
other unforeseen damage. 

48 

General
and administrative expenses . General and administrative expenses consist of
employment costs for shore side staff and cost of facilities, as well as legal
and professional fees, audit, travel and entertainment and other administrative
costs. 

Lightering. The process of off-loading crude oil or
petroleum products from deeply laden inbound tankers into smaller tankers
and/or barges. 

Offhire. The time during which a vessel is not
available for service. 

Shipping
revenue . Shipping
revenue includes revenue from time charters, contracts of affreightment,
consecutive voyage charters and spot charters. Voyage revenue is impacted by
changes in utilization rates and by the mix of business among the types of
contracts described in the preceding sentence. 

Time
charter equivalent .
Time charter equivalent TCE revenues are
voyage revenues less voyage expenses. TCE serves as an industry standard for
measuring and managing fleet revenue and comparing results between geographical
regions and among competitors. 

Vessel
operating expenses .
We pay the vessel operating expenses regardless of whether we are operating
under a time charter, contract of affreightment, consecutive voyage charter or
spot charter. The most significant direct vessel operating expenses are crewing
costs, vessel maintenance, lubricants, stores and spares and marine insurance. 

Voyage
expenses . Voyage
expenses include items such as commissions, fuel, port charges, pilot fees,
tank cleaning costs, canal tolls and other costs which are unique to a
particular voyage. These costs can vary significantly depending on the voyage
trade route. Depending on the form of contract, either we or our customer is
responsible for these expenses. Typically, our freight rates are higher when we
pay voyage expenses. Our contracts of affreightment and consecutive voyage
charters generally contain escalation clauses whereby certain cost increases,
including labor and fuel, can be passed on to our customers. 

Acquisition of
Maritrans Inc. 

On November 28, 2006, OSG acquired Maritrans Inc. Maritrans ),
a leading U.S. flag crude oil and petroleum product shipping company that owned
and operated one of the largest fleets of double-hulled vessels serving the
East Coast and Gulf Coast trades. The operating results of certain wholly owned
subsidiaries of Maritrans, which were carved out of the consolidated financial
statements of Maritrans, have been included in our financial statements
commencing November 29, 2006. The Maritrans fleet consisted of seven
ATBs, one of which was in the process of being double-hulled, one conventional
tug/barge unit and two product carriers, all operating under the U.S. flag. 

Future Business 

We have entered into agreements with OSG Ship Management, Inc. OSGM for the provision of technical and commercial management of our vessels and for
administrative and accounting services. These agreements were effective November 15,
2007. 

In June 2005, OSG signed agreements to bareboat charter ten Jones
Act product carriers from a subsidiary of Aker American Shipping, Inc. Aker ).
In February 2007, OSG agreed in principle to bareboat charter up to six
additional Jones Act product carriers, which eventually resulted in OSG
concluding agreements to bareboat charter two vessels. The bareboat charters on
eight of these twelve vessels have been assigned to us. We have committed to
bareboat charter five of the eight vessels for initial terms of seven years and
the other three vessels for initial terms of five years. We have extension
options for the remaining lives of these vessels. Three of these vessels, the Overseas Houston, Overseas Long Beach and Overseas Los Angeles ,
have already been delivered from the shipyard, in February, June, and November 2007,
respectively. The remaining five vessels that we have committed to bareboat
charter are scheduled to be delivered from the shipyard between 2008 and early
2010. 

We have options to purchase from OSG up to six ATBs, to be constructed
by Bender Shipbuilding Repair Co., Inc. Bender and
scheduled for delivery between late 2008 and late 2010. We also have options to
acquire from OSG the right to bareboat charter up to four of the remaining
newbuild vessels to be constructed by Aker Philadelphia Shipyard Inc.,
scheduled for delivery between late 2009 and early 2011. 

49 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S.
GAAP ), which require us to make estimates in the application of our accounting
policies based on the best assumptions, judgments and opinions of management.
The following is a discussion of the accounting policies that involve a high
degree of judgment and the methods of their application. For a complete
description of all of our material accounting policies, see Note A to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Revenue Recognition 

We generate a portion of our shipping revenues from
voyage charters. A voyage charter agreement with a customer consists of sailing
to the load port (the positioning leg), loading the cargo, sailing to the
discharge port and discharging the cargo. The charter agreement requires the
relevant vessel to proceed to the port or place as ordered by charterer in
accordance with the contract. The vessel is, therefore, employed from the time
it receives a contract until the last discharge point and a contract is not
cancellable in the positioning leg, provided we fulfill our contractual
commitment. We generally enter into a charter
agreement with a customer for the vessel s next voyage prior to the time of
discharge for its previous voyage. Two methods are used in the shipping
industry to account for voyage charter revenue: (1) recognition of revenue
ratably over the estimated length of each voyage, and (2) recognition of
revenue following completion of a voyage. Recognition of voyage revenues
ratably over the estimated length of each voyage is the most prevalent method
of accounting for voyage revenues. Under each method, voyages may be calculated
on either a load-to-load or discharge-to-discharge basis. In applying the
ratable revenue recognition method, management believes that the
discharge-to-discharge basis of calculating voyages more accurately estimates
voyage results than the load-to-load basis. Since, at the time of discharge,
management generally knows the next load port and the expected discharge port,
the discharge-to-discharge calculation of voyage revenues can be estimated with
a greater degree of accuracy. We do not begin recognizing voyage revenue until
a charter has been agreed to by us and the customer, even if the vessel has
discharged its cargo and is sailing to the anticipated load port on its next
voyage. 

Revenues from time charters are accounted for as operating
leases and are thus recognized ratably over the rental periods of such
charters. We do not recognize time charter revenues for vessels during periods
that those vessels are off hire. 

Vessel Lives and Impairment 

The carrying value of each of our vessels represents
its original cost at the time it was delivered or purchased, less depreciation
calculated using an estimated useful life of 25 years from the date that
such vessel was originally delivered from the shipyard, or, in the case of our
double-hulled ATBs, 20 years from the date the ATBs were double-hulled.
Use of a 25-year life has become standard in the shipping industry. The actual
life of a vessel may be different. If the economic lives assigned to the
vessels prove to be too long because of new regulations or other future events,
higher depreciation expense and impairment losses could result in future
periods related to a reduction in the useful lives of any affected vessels. 

The carrying values of our vessels may not represent
their fair market value at any point in time, since the market prices of
second-hand vessels tend to fluctuate with changes in charter rates and the
cost of new buildings. Historically, both charter rates and vessel values tend
to be cyclical. We record impairment losses only when events occur that cause
us to believe that future cash flows for any individual vessel will be less
than its carrying value. The carrying amounts of vessels held and used are
reviewed for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of a particular vessel may not be fully
recoverable. In such instances, an impairment charge would be recognized if the
estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use
of the vessel and its eventual disposition is less than the vessel s carrying
amount. This assessment is made at the individual vessel level, since
separately identifiable cash flow information for each vessel is available. 

In developing estimates of future cash flows, we must
make assumptions about future charter rates, ship operating expenses and the
estimated remaining useful lives of the vessels. These assumptions are based on
historical trends, as well as future expectations. Although management believes
that the assumptions used to evaluate potential impairment are reasonable and
appropriate, such assumptions are highly subjective. 

There have been no impairment indicators during the
periods presented. 

Drydocking 

Within the shipping industry, there are two methods
that are used to account for drydockings: (1) capitalize drydocking costs
as incurred (deferral method) and amortize such costs over the period to the
next scheduled drydocking, and (2) expense 

50 

drydocking costs as incurred. Since drydocking cycles typically extend
over two and a half years or longer, we believe that the deferral method better
matches revenues and expenses than the expense-as-incurred method. 

Goodwill and Intangibles 

We allocate the cost of acquired companies to the
identifiable tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired. The
remaining amount is classified as goodwill. Our future operating performance
will be affected by the amortization of intangible assets and potential
impairment charges related to goodwill. Accordingly, the allocation of purchase
price to intangible assets and goodwill may significantly affect our future
operating results. Goodwill and indefinite lived assets are not amortized, but
are reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently if impairment
indicators arise. 

The allocation of the purchase price of acquired
companies to intangible assets and goodwill requires us to make significant
estimates and assumptions, including estimates of future cash flows expected to
be generated by the acquired assets and the appropriate discount rate to value
these cash flows. In addition, the process of evaluating the potential
impairment of goodwill and intangible assets is highly subjective and requires
significant judgment at many points during the analysis. The estimates and
assumptions regarding expected cash flows and the discount rate also require
considerable judgment and are based upon existing contracts, historical
experience, financial forecasts and industry trends and conditions. In the
fourth quarter of 2007, we completed our annual impairment testing of goodwill
with no goodwill impairment charge. 

Amortization expense of intangible assets for the
period November 15, 2007 through December 31, 2007 was 0.6 million,
for the period January 1, 2007 through November 14, 2007 was 4.0
million and for the year ended December 31, 2006 was 0.4 million. 

Newly
Issued Accounting Standards 

In September 2006,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 157 FAS 157 ), Fair Value Measurements. The
standard provides guidance for using fair value to measure assets and
liabilities in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
expands disclosures about the extent to which companies measure assets and
liabilities at fair value, the information used to measure fair value, and the
effect of fair value measurements on earnings. FAS 157 applies whenever other
standards require or permit assets or liabilities to be measured at fair value
but does not expand the use of fair value in any new circumstances. FAS 157 is
effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15,
2007, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is
permitted. The adoption of FAS 157 will not have a material effect on our
earnings or financial position. 

In February 2007,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 159 FAS 159 ), The Fair Value Option for
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities including an amendment of FAS 115. FAS 159 provides entities with the
opportunity to choose to measure eligible financial instruments and certain
other items at fair value at specified election dates to mitigate volatility in
reported earnings caused by measuring related assets and liabilities
differently without having to apply complex hedge accounting provisions. FAS 159 is effective for financial statements
issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007 and interim
periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption is permitted provided a company also elects to apply the provisions of
FAS 157. The adoption of FAS 159 will
not have a material effect on our earnings or financial position. 

In December 2007,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 141
(revised 2007), Business Combinations FAS 141R ). FAS 141R
establishes principles and requirements for how an acquirer recognizes and
measures in its financial statements the identifiable assets acquired, the
liabilities assumed, any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree and the
goodwill acquired. FAS 141R also establishes disclosure requirements to
enable the evaluation of the nature and financial effects of the business
combination. FAS 141R applies prospectively to business combinations for
which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual
reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008. An entity may not apply it before that date. 

In December 2007,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 160,
 Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements an amendment of Accounting
Research Bulletin No. 51 FAS 160 ). FAS 160 establishes accounting and
reporting standards for ownership interests in subsidiaries held by parties
other than the parent, the amount of consolidated net income attributable to
the parent and to the noncontrolling interest, changes in a parent s ownership
interest and the valuation of retained noncontrolling equity investments when a
subsidiary is deconsolidated. FAS 160 also establishes disclosure
requirements that clearly identify and distinguish between the interests of the
parent and the interests of the noncontrolling owners. FAS 160 is
effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years,
beginning on or after December 15, 2008 (that is, January 1, 2009,
for entities with calendar 

51 

year-ends). 
Earlier adoption is prohibited. This statement is required to be applied
prospectively as of the beginning of the fiscal year in which it initially
applied, except for the presentation and disclosure requirements, which must be
applied retrospectively for all periods presented. 

As required by Emerging
Issues Task Force Issue No. 03-06, Participating Securities and the Two-Class Method
under FASB Statement No. 128, Earnings per Share EITF 03-6 ), the
general partner s interest in net income is calculated as if all net income for
the period was distributed according to the terms of the partnership agreement,
regardless of whether those earnings would or could be distributed. The partnership agreement does not provide
for the distribution of net income; rather, it provides for the distribution of
available cash, which is a contractually defined term that generally means all
cash on hand at the end of each quarter after provision for certain cash
requirements. Unlike available cash, net
income is affected by non-cash items, such as depreciation and amortization. 

Industry Overview 

The table below shows the daily TCE rates that
prevailed in markets in which the Partnership s vessels operated for the
periods indicated. It is important to note that the spot market is quoted in AR
rates. The conversion of AR rates to the following TCE rates required the
Partnership to make certain assumptions as to brokerage commissions, port time,
port costs, speed and fuel consumption, all of which will vary in actual usage.
In each case, the rates may differ from the actual TCE rates achieved by the
Partnership in the period indicated because of the timing and length of voyages
and the portion of revenue generated from long-term charters. 

U.S. Flag Jones Act Product Carriers 

Average Spot
Market TCE Rates 

 Jones Act Product
Carriers and Articulated Tug Barges (ATBs) 

Q1-2007 

Q2-2007 

Q3-2007 

Q4-2007 

2007 

2006 

2005 

45,000 dwt Tankers 

64,800 

56,700 

51,100 

51,800 

56,100 

54,800 

48,700 

30,000 dwt ATBs 

41,900 

37,000 

33,200 

33,600 

36,400 

35,300 

30,600 

Rates for Jones Act Product Carriers and handysize
ATBs averaged 56,100 per day and 36,400 per day, respectively in 2007.
Product carrier rates in 2007 were 2 higher than the 2006 average and average
2007 ATB rates were 3 higher than the 2006 average. Higher refinery
utilization rates at Gulf Coast refineries helped increase rates in the first
half of 2007 for both product carriers and handysize ATBs compared with the
first half of 2006 rates. Higher fuel costs, not recoverable through contracts,
caused average TCE rates in the second half of 2007 to be lower than the second
half of 2006 rates. 

In the first quarter of 2007, average spot TCE rates
for handymax tankers and handysize ATBs increased 29 compared with the first
quarter of 2006. Although refinery
maintenance in the first quarter of 2007 was extensive, the increase in freight
rates reflected significantly higher refinery utilization rates of 87.4 at
Gulf Coast refineries compared with the first quarter of 2006 rate of 83.2 . 

Rates for Jones Act product carriers and handysize ATBs during the second quarter of 2007 were 12 higher than average rates
in the comparable quarter of 2006. The higher average rates realized in 2007
reflected an increase in both tanker and barge movements of petroleum products
from Gulf Coast refineries to the lower Atlantic states as well as to the West Coast. 

Average rates in the third quarter of 2007 for handymax tankers and handysize ATBs were 12 below the average rates in the third quarter of 2006. 2007
rates were negatively impacted by increases in fuel costs not recoverable through contracts and increases in available tonnage resulting from additional tankers in
the spot market. 

Average spot TCE rates in the fourth quarter of 2007
for handymax tankers and handysize ATBs declined 14 from the fourth quarter of
2006, driven by the higher fuel prices not recoverable through contracts. 

The Delaware Bay lightering business transported an
average of 259,000 barrels per day during 2007, a 6 increase over 2006. The
larger volumes transported reflected an increase in draft restrictions at one
of the refineries compared with the prior year and an increase in refinery throughput levels. 

52 

As of December 31, 2007, the total Jones Act product carrier fleet of
tankers, ATBs and ITBs (Integrated Tug Barges) consisted of 61 vessels, or 2.4
million deadweight tons, which was a four vessel decrease from December 31,
2006. There were seven deliveries in 2007 consisting of five newbuilds and two
converted vessels. Also in 2007, there were eight vessels scrapped and three
tankers removed from service to undergo conversion to double hulls . The Jones Act product carrier
orderbook consists of 33 tankers and barges in the 160,000 to 420,000 barrel
size range, of which 31 are scheduled for delivery through 2011, and two double
hull conversions, resulting in a total orderbook of 35 vessels. These additions
will be offset by the phasing out of 22 vessels during the next nine years in
accordance with OPA 90 regulations. An additional seven double hull tankers
will also likely be retired upon reaching 35 years of service resulting in a
potential of 29 vessels being removed from the Jones Act fleet. The Jones Act product carrier fleet is
expected to increase by three vessels during 2008 with five vessels being added
and two being sold for scrap. 

According to the latest International Energy Agency
report, 2008 demand in the U.S. is forecasted to be approximately 20.7 million
barrels per day, which is a reduction of approximately 100,000 barrels per day
from 2007 demand. This projected decrease is primarily the result of increasing
evidence of an economic slowdown in the U.S. combined with significantly higher
prices for transportation fuels. 

Refinery utilization levels in the U.S. are forecast
to increase during 2008 from 88.7 during 2007 as a result of increased
throughput at BP s Texas City refinery and lower planned maintenance activities
elsewhere. Higher refining utilization, especially in the Gulf Coast
refineries, will result in an increase in the production of gasoline, diesel
and aviation gasoline. The incremental production of clean products in the Gulf
Coast will likely be moved on Jones Act product carriers as pipelines moving
products from the Gulf Coast to the East Coast are currently operating at full
capacity. This should increase demand for Jones Act product carriers in 2008. 

Freight rates remain highly sensitive to severe
weather, geopolitical and economic events. Hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico
could have a pronounced effect on freight rates for both crude oil and product
movements depending on the extent to which upstream and downstream facilities
are affected. 

Year Ended December 31, 2007 Compared with Year Ended December 31,
2006 

Time
Charter Equivalent Revenues 

The following
table reconciles TCE revenues to shipping revenues, as reported in the
consolidated statements of operations: 

Year Ended December 31, 

In thousands 

2007 

2006 

TCE revenues 

182,671 

78,260 

Voyage expenses 

31,336 

10,592 

Shipping
 revenues 

214,007 

88,852 

Consistent with
general practice in the shipping industry, we use TCE revenues, which represent
shipping revenues less voyage expenses, as a measure to compare revenues
generated from voyage charters to revenues generated from time charters. TCE
revenues, a non-U.S. GAAP measure, provides additional meaningful information
in conjunction with shipping revenues, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP
measure, because it assists management in making decisions regarding the
deployment and use of our vessels and in evaluating their financial
performance. 

The following
table provides information with respect to average daily TCE rates earned and
revenue days for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Revenue Days: 

Jones Act ATBs 

2,273 

216 

Jones Act
 Product Carriers 

2,528 

1,432 

Non-Jones Act
 Product Carriers 

718 

720 

5,519 

2,368 

53 

Average Daily TCE Rates: 

Jones Act ATBs 

28,787 

25,139 

Jones Act
 Product Carriers 

36,292 

33,431 

Non-Jones Act
 Product Carriers 

35,504 

34,661 

TCE revenues
increased 104.4 million, or 133 , from 78.3 million for the year ended December 31,
2006 to 182.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2007. The increase
in TCE revenues resulted primarily from an increase in revenue days of 3,151 in
the year ended December 31, 2007, compared with the same 2006 period.
These additional days were attributable to the acquisition of Maritrans, which
accounted for 2,655 of the additional revenue days in 2007. In addition, we took delivery of the Overseas Houston, Overseas Long Beach and
the Overseas Los Angeles in February, June and
November 2007, respectively. At the time of the Maritrans acquisition, the
ATB OSG 242 was in a shipyard
being double-hulled and later completed on April 5, 2007. On February 20,
2007, a second ATB, the M211 , was taken
out of service and entered the shipyard to be doubled hulled, which is now
expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2008. 

Vessel
Expenses 

The following
table provides information with respect to average daily vessel expenses and
operating days for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Operating Days: 

Jones Act ATBs 

2,920 

249 

Jones Act
 Product Carriers 

2,750 

1,522 

Non-Jones Act
 Product Carriers 

730 

730 

6,400 

2,501 

Average Daily Vessel Expenses: 

Jones Act ATBs 

8,604 

6,355 

Jones Act
 Product Carriers 

17,132 

14,589 

Non-Jones Act
 Product Carriers 

14,475 

14,586 

Vessel expenses
increased 48.4 million, or 141 , from 34.4 million for the year ended December 31,
2006 to 82.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2007. The increase in expenses and operating days
was principally the result of the inclusion of the Maritrans fleet, which added
 34.7 million to vessel expenses and 3,339 operating days in the 2007 period,
and to the delivery of three bareboat chartered-in vessels in 2007. In
addition, the charter on the Overseas Galena
Bay was converted from a bareboat charter to a bareboat charter with
operating expense reimbursement in July 2006, which increased vessel
expenses and TCE revenues by comparable amounts. 

Bareboat Charter Expenses 

Bareboat charter
expenses were 13.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2007. The Overseas Houston, Overseas
Long Beach and Overseas Los Angeles 
were delivered from the shipyard in February, June and November 2007,
respectively and operated for 325 days, 189 days and 46 days in 2007. 

Depreciation
and Amortization 

Depreciation and
amortization expense increased 26.2 million, or 121 , from 21.6 million for
the year ended December 31, 2006 to 47.8 million for the year ended December 31,
2007. These increases were primarily due to an increase in the operating fleet
as a result of the acquisition of Maritrans, which added 20.8 of depreciation
expense. Depreciation and amortization for the years ended December 31,
2007 and 2006 includes 4.6 million and 0.4 million, respectively, related to
the amortization of intangibles resulting from the acquisition of Maritrans. 

54 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses increased 13.5 million, or 170 ,
from 7.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2006 to 21.5 million
for the year ended December 31, 2007. Prior to November 14, 2007,
general and administrative expenses were allocated based on our fleet s
proportionate share of OSG s total ship-operating (calendar) days. For the
years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, ship-operating days were
6,400 days and 2,501 days, respectively. 
Management believes these allocations reasonably present the financial
position, results of operations and cash flows of OSG America Predecessor for
the periods presented. General and administrative expenses for the period November 15,
2007 to December 31, 2007 reflects actual expenses incurred. 

Equity in Income of Affiliated Companies 

On a quarterly
basis, we recognize our share of the estimated incentive charter hire that has
been deemed earned through the reporting date that is not reversible subsequent
thereto. ATC fully distributes its net
income for each year by making a distribution in the first quarter of the
following year. Equity in income of
affiliated companies decreased by 1.1 million, or 16 , from 6.8 million for
the year ended December 31, 2006 to 5.7 million for the year ended December 31,
2007. These decreases were attributable to a reduction in the number of vessels
operated by ATC and a decrease in the incentive hire rate earned by ATC in 2007
compared with 2006. 

Interest Expense, other 

Interest expense
on third party obligations increased 1.0 million, or 25 , from 4.1 million
for the year ended December 31, 2006 to 5.1 million for the year ended December 31,
2007. As a result of the acquisition of Maritrans, we assumed 55.6 million of
secured term loans. The net interest expense incurred with respect to these
term loans amounted to 3.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2007.
Interest expense for year ended December 31, 2007 is net of 1.5 million
capitalized in connection with vessel construction. 

Provision for Federal Income Taxes 

The income tax
provisions for the period January 1, 2007 through November 14, 2007
and the year ended December 31, 2006 were based on the pre-tax results
determined on a separate-return basis. 
The changes in the tax provisions for the period ended November 14,
2007 compared with the 2006 period were primarily attributable to the
acquisition of the Maritrans fleet. 

In 2006, OSG made
an election under the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, effective for years
commencing with 2005, to have its qualifying U.S. flag operations taxed under a
new tonnage tax regime rather than under the usual U.S. corporate income tax
regime. As a result of that election, our taxable income for U.S. income tax
purposes with respect to the eligible U.S. flag vessels did not include income
from qualifying shipping activities in U.S. foreign trade (i.e., transportation
between the U.S. and foreign ports or between foreign ports). 

As a result of our
initial public offering, as a partnership, we are not a taxable entity and will
incur no federal income tax liability. 
Instead, each unitholder will be required to take into account his or
her share of items of income, gain, loss, and deduction of the partnership in
completing his federal income tax liability without regard to whether
corresponding cash distributions are received from the partnership by him. 

Year Ended December 31, 2006 Compared with Year Ended December 31,
2005 

Time
Charter Equivalent Revenues 

The following
table reconciles TCE revenues to shipping revenues, as reported in the
consolidated statements of operations: 

Year Ended December 31, 

In thousands 

2006 

2005 

TCE revenues 

78,260 

46,785 

Voyage expenses 

10,592 

3,055 

Shipping
 revenues 

88,852 

49,840 

55 

During the year ended December 31, 2006, TCE
revenues increased 31.5 million, or 67 , to 78.3 million from 46.8 million
from the year ended December 31, 2005. This increase in TCE revenues
resulted principally from an increase in the average rate earned of 4,500 per
day and an increase of 729 revenue days. The increase in the average daily rate
earned was principally attributable to the conversion of the bareboat charter
in respect of the Overseas Galena Bay 
to a bareboat charter with operating expense reimbursement in June 2006
and the impact of the redelivery of the Overseas
Puget Sound under a then-existing long-term time charter and the
rate earned on its new time charter that commenced in 2006. The additional
revenue days were attributable to the inclusion of the Overseas Maremar and Overseas Luxmar for the full year in 2006,
compared with only 202 days during 2005 (see below). Additionally, the
acquisition of Maritrans contributed an additional 278 revenue days in 2006.
The above increases were, however, offset by an increase number of drydock and
repair days, which increased to 101 days in 2006 from 23 days in
2005. 

Vessel Expenses 

Vessel expenses increased by 14.8 million to 34.4
million for the year ended December 31, 2006 from 19.6 million for the year
ended December 31, 2005. The increase in expenses was principally a result
of the inclusion of the Overseas Maremar 
and the Overseas Luxmar for the
full year, compared with only 202 days in 2005, together with the
conversion of the bareboat charter in respect of the Overseas Galena Bay to a bareboat charter with operating
expense reimbursement in July 2006. In addition, the inclusion of the
Maritrans fleet from November 29, 2006 added 2.4 million to vessel
expenses in 2006. 

Depreciation and Amortization 

Depreciation and amortization increased by 7.0
million to 21.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2006 from 14.6
million for the year ended December 31, 2005. This increase was primarily
due to an increase in the operating fleet as a result of the acquisition of
Maritrans and the inclusion of the Overseas
Maremar and the Overseas Luxmar 
for the full year. 

General and Administrative
Expenses 

General and administrative expenses were allocated
based on OSG America Predecessor s proportionate share of OSG s total
ship-operating days for each period. Our ship-operating days were
2,501 days for the year ended December 31, 2006 compared with
1,662 days for the year ended December 31, 2005. 

Equity in Income of Affiliated
Companies 

Equity in income of affiliated companies decreased by
 1.3 million to 6.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2006, from
 8.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2005. This decrease was
attributable to a reduction in the number of vessels operated by ATC. 

Interest Expense, other 

Interest expense on third party obligations decreased
by 0.4 million to 4.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2006 from
 4.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2005. This decrease was
principally a result of a decrease in the principal amount outstanding under
the two capital leases as a result of the regular monthly payments made.
Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2006 is net of 0.2
million that was capitalized in connection with vessel construction. 

EBITDA 

EBITDA represents
net income plus interest expense, provision for income taxes and depreciation
and amortization expense. EBITDA is presented to provide investors with
meaningful additional information that management uses to monitor ongoing
operating results and evaluate trends over comparative periods. 

EBITDA assists our
management and investors by increasing the comparability of our fundamental
performance from period to period and against the fundamental performance of
other companies in our industry that provide EBITDA information. This increased
comparability is achieved by excluding the potentially disparate effects
between periods or companies of interest expense, taxes, depreciation or
amortization, which items may significantly affect net income between periods
and are affected by various and possibly changing financing methods, capital
structure and historical cost basis. We believe that including EBITDA as a
financial and operating measure benefits investors in (a) selecting
between investing in us and other investment alternatives and (b) monitoring
our ongoing financial and operational strength and health in assessing whether
to continue to hold common units. 

56 

EBITDA allows us
to assess the ability of assets to generate cash sufficient to service debt,
make distributions and undertake capital expenditures. By eliminating the cash
flow effect resulting from our existing capitalization and other items such as
drydocking expenditures and working capital changes (which may vary
significantly from period to period), EBITDA provides a consistent measure of
our ability to generate cash over the long term. Management uses this
information as a significant factor in determining (a) our proper
capitalization (including assessing how much debt to incur and whether changes
to the capitalization should be made) and (b) whether to undertake
material capital expenditures and how to finance them, all in light of existing
cash distribution commitments to unitholders. Use of EBITDA as a liquidity
measure also permits investors to assess our fundamental ability to generate
cash sufficient to meet cash needs, including distributions on our common
units. 

EBITDA should not
be considered as a substitute for net income, cash flow from operating
activities prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States or as a measure of profitability or liquidity. While EBITDA is frequently used as a measure of
operating results and performance, it is not necessarily comparable to other
similarly titled captions of other companies due to differences in methods of
calculation. 

The following
table reconciles net income, as reflected in our statements of operations, to
EBITDA: 

Year Ended December 31, 

In thousands 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Net income 

9,167 

7,736 

2,007 

Provision for
 federal income taxes 

2,048 

768 

1,325 

Interest expense 

11,500 

12,612 

10,685 

Depreciation and
 amortization 

47,766 

21,592 

14,553 

EBITDA 

70,481 

42,708 

28,570 

The following
table reconciles net cash provided by operating activities as reflected in our
statements of cash flows, to EBITDA: 

Year Ended December 31, 

In thousands 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Net cash
 provided by operating activities 

28,313 

13,299 

19,800 

Payments for
 drydocking 

17,407 

5,835 

115 

Interest expense 

11,500 

12,612 

10,685 

Undistributed
 earnings from affiliated companies 

(1,067 

(1,021 

838 

Changes in
 operating assets and liabilities (except for taxes) 

11,456 

6,732 

(5,219 

Federal income
 taxes 

3,325 

4,924 

2,040 

Other 

(453 

327 

311 

EBITDA 

70,481 

42,708 

28,570 

Liquidity and Sources of Capital 

Working capital at
December 31, 2007 was 15.0 million compared with a working capital
deficiency of 5.1 million at December 31, 2006. We operate in a capital
intensive industry. In addition to distributions on our partnership units, our
primary liquidity requirements relate to our operating expenses, including
payments under our management and administrative services agreements,
drydocking expenditures, payments of interest and principal under our senior secured
revolving credit facility and lease obligations. Our long-term liquidity needs
primarily relate to capital expenditures for the purchase or construction of
vessels. 

The amount of
available cash we need to pay the minimum quarterly distributions for four
quarters on our common units, subordinated units and general partner interest
is 45.9 million. There is no guarantee that we will pay the minimum quarterly
distribution on our common and subordinated units in any quarter and we will be
prohibited from making any distributions to unitholders if it would cause an
event of default, or an event of default exists, under our credit agreement. 

We anticipate that
our primary sources of funds for our short-term liquidity needs will be cash
flows from operations. We believe that cash flows from operations and bank
borrowings from our senior secured revolving credit facility referred to below
will be sufficient to meet our existing short-term liquidity needs for the next
12 months. 

57 

Our secured term
loan agreements impose certain operating restrictions and establish minimum
financial covenants. We were in compliance with the financial covenants
contained in the secured loan agreements as of December 31, 2007. Our
failure to comply with any of the covenants in the agreements could result in a
default, which would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of the debt and
to foreclose upon collateral securing the debt. Under those circumstances, we
might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy our remaining
obligations. 

Cash Flows 

Operating
cash flows. Net cash flow from operating activities was
 28.3 million, 13.3 million and 19.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2007,
2006 and 2005, respectively. 

The increase of 15.0 million from 2006 to 2007 was
primarily attributable to the Maritrans acquisition which added 10 vessels
to our fleet. Income from vessel operations for the year ended December 31, 2007
increased 2.7 million over 2006 and depreciation and amortization
increased by 26.2 million primarily as a result of the Maritrans acquisition.
These increases were partially offset by an increase of 11.6 million in
payments for drydocking. 

Net cash flow from operating activities decreased to
 13.3 million in 2006, from 19.8 million in 2005, primarily
reflecting an increase of 5.7 million in payments for drydocking and a
reduction of 17.3 million from the timing of our cash receipts and
payments, partially offset by increases of 8.3 million in income from
vessel operations and 7.0 million in depreciation and amortization. 

Net cash flow from operating activities depends upon
the timing and amount of drydocking expenditures, repairs and maintenance
activity, vessel additions and dispositions, changes in interest rates,
fluctuations in working capital balances and spot market freight rates. The
number of vessel drydockings tends to vary from year to year. 

Investing
cash flows. Net cash used in investing activities was
 44.8 million, 345.5 million and 74.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2007,
2006 and 2005, respectively. 

Investing activities in 2007 related primarily to
costs that were incurred double-hulling two barges. During 2006, investing
activities related primarily to the acquisition by OSG of Maritrans on November 28,
2006 for 340.9 million. During 2005, investing activities consisted of the
acquisition of two Handysize product carriers for 74.1 million. 

Financing
cash flows. Net
cash provided by financing activities was 19.5 million, 332.4 million and
 54.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005,
respectively. 

Net financing cash outflow generally represents the
amount of cash flow generated from operations less the amount used for
investing activities. The investment in Maritrans and the two vessels acquired
during 2005 were financed primarily through advances from OSG in the form of
non-interest bearing advances. Loans and advances to OSG were contributed to
capital prior to the completion of our initial public offering on November 15,
2007. Issuances of common stock during 2005 represents amounts received in
connection with the capitalization of new vessel-owning subsidiaries.
Repayments of debt in 2005, 2006 and 2007 represent regularly scheduled
installments under existing capital lease obligations and secured term loans. 

Ongoing Capital Expenditures 

Marine
transportation of crude oil and refined petroleum products is a
capital-intensive business, which requires significant investment to maintain
an efficient fleet and stay in regulatory compliance. 

Over the next
three years, we estimate that we will spend an average of approximately 18 to
 20 million per year for drydocking and classification society surveys. We
drydock our vessels twice in every five-year period and, as our fleet matures
and expands, our drydocking expenses will likely increase. Ongoing costs for
compliance with environmental regulations are primarily included as part of our
drydocking and classification society survey costs or are a component of our
operating expenses. In addition, vessels may have to be drydocked in the event
of accidents or other unforeseen damage. Periodically, we also incur
expenditures to acquire or construct additional product carriers and barges
and/or to upgrade or double hull vessels in order to comply with statutory
regulations. We are not aware of any regulatory changes or environmental
liabilities that will have a material impact on our current or future
operations. 

We believe that
our cash flow from charters-out will be sufficient to cover the interest and
principal payments under our debt agreements, amounts due under the
administrative services and management agreements, other general and
administrative expenses and other working capital requirements for the short
and medium term. To the extent we pursue 

58 

other vessel
acquisitions; we expect to finance any such commitments from existing long-term
credit facilities and additional long-term debt as required. The amounts of
working capital and cash generated from operations that may, in the future, be
utilized to finance vessel commitments are dependent on the rates at which we
can charter our vessels. Such charter rates are volatile. 

Because we distribute all of our available cash, we
may not grow as fast as companies that reinvest their available cash. We expect
that we will rely upon external financing sources, including bank borrowings
and the issuance of debt and equity securities, to fund acquisitions and
expansion capital expenditures. As a result, to the extent we are unable to
finance growth externally, our cash distribution policy will significantly
impair our ability to grow. To the extent we issue additional units in
connection with any acquisitions or expansion capital expenditures, the payment
of distributions on those additional units may increase the risk that we will
be unable to maintain or increase our per unit distribution level, which in
turn may affect the available cash that we have to distribute on each unit. Our
partnership agreement does not limit our ability to issue additional units,
including units ranking senior to the common units being offered under this
prospectus. The incurrence of additional debt by us or our operating
subsidiaries would result in increased interest expense, which in turn may also
affect the available cash that we have to distribute to our unitholders. 

Aggregate
Contractual Obligations 

A summary of our
long-term contractual obligations as of December 31, 2007 follows: 

In thousands 

2008 

2009 

2010 

2011 

2012 

Beyond 
 2012 

Total 

Long-term debt (1) 

5,716 

5,717 

5,717 

5,716 

5,716 

35,039 

63,621 

Obligations
 under capital leases (1) 

8,884 

9,692 

9,691 

8,103 

36,370 

Operating lease
 obligations (chartered-in vessels) (2) 

30,154 

51,791 

61,539 

64,331 

64,306 

150,944 

423,065 

Construction
 installments (3) 

25,856 

2,355 

28,211 

Total 

70,610 

69,555 

76,947 

78,150 

70,022 

185,983 

551,267 

(1) Amounts shown include contractual
interest obligations. 

 (2) As of December 31, 2007 we had
charter-in commitments for eight vessels on leases that are, or will be,
accounted for as operating leases. These leases provide us with various renewal
options. 

 (3) Represents remaining shipyard commitments
and excludes capitalized interest and other construction costs. 

Senior
Secured Revolving Credit Facility 

On November 15,
2007, OSG America Operating Company LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of us,
entered into a 200 million senior secured revolving credit facility with ING
Bank N.V. and DnB NOR Bank ASA. As of December 31,
2007, there were no borrowings outstanding under the facility. 

Borrowings under
the senior secured revolving credit facility are due and payable five years
after the date that the facility agreement was signed (the closing date ),
subject to a 24-month extension period which may be requested by the
Partnership on or after the second anniversary of the closing date (up to
90 days prior to the fifth anniversary of the closing date) and which may be
approved by the lenders. Drawings under the facility will be available on a
revolving basis until the earlier of one month prior to the applicable maturity
date or the date on which the facility is permanently reduced to zero and the
lenders are no longer required to make advances. The maximum number of advances
permitted to be outstanding under the senior secured revolving credit facility
at any one time will be ten. 

Borrowings under
the senior secured revolving credit facility are secured by, among other
things, first preferred mortgages on certain owned vessels, and are guaranteed
by us and certain of our subsidiaries. 

OSG America
Operating Company LLC will be able, at its option, to prepay all loans under
our senior secured revolving credit facility at any time without penalty (other
than customary LIBOR breakage costs). 
The outstanding loans under the senior secured revolving credit facility
will bear interest at a rate equal to LIBOR plus the applicable margin (70
basis points per year until the fifth anniversary of the closing date and, if
the extension option is exercised, 75 basis points per year thereafter). 

59 

The senior secured revolving credit facility will prevent us from
declaring dividends or making distributions if any event of default, as defined
in the senior secured revolving credit agreement, exists or would result from
such payments. In addition, the senior secured revolving credit facility
contains covenants requiring us to adhere to certain financial covenants . 

Interest
Rate Risk 

We are exposed to the impact of interest rate changes primarily through
our unhedged floating-rate borrowings. Significant increases in interest rates
could adversely affect our operating margins, results of operations and our
ability to service our debt. From time to time, we may use interest rate swaps
to reduce our exposure to market risk from changes in interest rates. The
principal objective of these contracts would be to minimize the risks and costs
associated with our floating-rate debt. As at December 31, 2007, all
of our long-term debt consisted of fixed-rate secured term loans. 

We intend to invest our cash in financial instruments with maturities
of less than three months within the parameters of our investment policy and
guidelines. 

We may use interest rate swaps to manage the impact of interest rate
changes on earnings and cash flows. Changes in the fair value of interest rate
swaps are either offset against the fair value of assets or liabilities through
income, or recognized in other comprehensive income until the hedged item is
recognized in income. The ineffective portion of an interest rate swap change
in fair value is immediately recognized in income. Premiums and receipts, if
any, are recognized as adjustments to interest expense over the lives of the
individual contracts. 

Foreign
Currency Risk 

The shipping industry s functional currency is the U.S. dollar. All of
our revenues and most of our operating costs are in U.S. dollars. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not currently have
any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, that we consider to be off balance
sheet arrangements. 

ITEM 7A.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

See Item 7. 

60 

ITEM 8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

OSG America L.P. Consolidated and Predecessor Combined Carve-Out Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent
 Registered Public Accounting Firm 

62 

Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2007
 and Predecessor Combined Carve-Out Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2006 

63 

Consolidated Statement of Operations for the period
 November 15, 2007 to December 31, 2007 and Predecessor Combined
 Carve-Out Statements of Operations for the period January 1, 2007 to November 14,
 2007 and the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 

64 

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the period
 November 15, 2007 to December 31, 2007 and Predecessor Combined
 Carve-Out Statements of Cash Flows for the period January 1, 2007 to
 November 14, 2007 and the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 

65 

Consolidated
 Statement of Changes in Partners Capital for the period November 15,
 2007 to December 31, 2007 and Predecessor Combined Carve-Out Statements
 of Changes in Stockholder s Deficiency for the period January 1, 2007 to
 November 14, 2007 and the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 

66 

Notes
 to Consolidated and Predecessor Combined Carve-Out Financial Statements 

67 

61 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The
Board of Directors and Unitholders of OSG America L.P. 

We have
audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31,
2007 of OSG America L.P. and the related consolidated statements of operations,
changes in partners capital, and cash flows for the period from November 15,
2007 to December 31, 2007, and the
predecessor combined carve-out balance sheet of OSG America Predecessor as of December 31,
2006, and the related predecessor combined carve-out statements of operations,
changes in stockholder s deficiency, and cash flows for the period from January 1,
2007 to November 14, 2007 and for each of the two years in the period
ended December 31, 2006. OSG America L.P. and OSG America
Predecessor collectively are referred to hereinafter as Partnership . These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits. 
The financial statements of Alaska Tanker Company, LLC (a joint venture
in which the Partnership has a 37.5 interest) as of December 31, 2006 and
2007 and for the three years ended December 31, 2007 have been audited by
other auditors whose report has been furnished to us, and our opinion on the
consolidated and predecessor combined carve-out financial statements, insofar
as it relates to the amounts included for Alaska Tanker Company, LLC, is based
solely on the report of the other auditors. In the consolidated financial
statements and the predecessor combined carve-out financial statements, the
Partnership s investment in Alaska Tanker Company, LLC is stated at 5,782,000
and 6,848,000 at December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively, and the
Partnership s equity in the net income of Alaska Tanker Company, LLC is stated
at 2,551,000 for the period from November 15, 2007 to December 31,
2007 and 3,192,000, for the predecessor
combined carve-out period from January 1, 2007 to November 14,
2007 and 6,811,000 and 8,066,000 for
the two years in the period ended December 31, 2006, respectively. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. We were not engaged to
perform an audit of the Partnership s internal control over financial
reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial
reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits and the report of
other auditors provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our
opinion, based on our audits and the report of the other auditors, the
consolidated and predecessor combined carve-out financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
OSG America L.P. as of December 31, 2007, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the period from November 15 to December 31, 2007 and the
financial position of OSG America Predecessor as of December 31, 2006 and
the results of its operations and cash flows for the period from January 1,
2007 to November 14, 2007 and for the two years in the period ended December 31,
2006 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Certified
Public Accountants 

Tampa,
Florida 

March 6,
2008 

62 

OSG AMERICA LP 

 CONSOLIDATED AND PREDECESSOR
COMBINED CARVE-OUT 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

 DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS 

Successor 
 As of 
 December 31, 
 2007 

Predecessor 
 As of 
 December 31, 
 2006 

Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

3,380 

280 

Voyage receivables 

26,263 

18,407 

Other receivables 

7,146 

2,083 

Inventory 

2,997 

1,900 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

3,961 

1,325 

Total current assets 

43,747 

23,995 

Vessels, less accumulated depreciation 

405,447 

392,953 

Vessels under capital leases, less accumulated amortization 

21,246 

25,749 

Deferred drydock expenditures, net 

16,177 

4,212 

Investment in Alaska Tanker Company, LLC 

5,782 

6,848 

Intangible assets, less accumulated amortization 

87,017 

91,611 

Goodwill 

62,874 

64,912 

Other assets 

8,822 

677 

Total assets 

651,112 

610,957 

Liabilities and Partners Capital/Stockholder s Deficiency 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

19,522 

15,756 

Accrued federal income taxes 

3,325 

Current portion of debt 

2,834 

4,202 

Current obligations under capital leases 

6,375 

5,771 

Total current liabilities 

28,731 

29,054 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

46,753 

51,198 

Obligations under capital leases 

23,846 

30,772 

Advances from affiliated companies 

9,657 

568,986 

Deferred federal income taxes 

75,237 

Other non-current liabilities 

1,428 

Total liabilities 

110,415 

755,247 

Partners Capital/Stockholder s Deficiency: 

Partners capital 

540,697 

Common stock 

201 

Additional paid-in capital 

1,299 

Accumulated deficit 

(145,790 

Total partners capital/stockholder s deficiency 

540,697 

(144,290 

Total liabilities and partners capital/stockholder s deficiency 

651,112 

610,957 

See
notes to financial statements. 

63 

OSG AMERICA LP 

 CONSOLIDATED
AND PREDECESSOR COMBINED CARVE-OUT 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 DOLLARS IN THOUSAND, EXCEPT PER
SHARE AMOUNTS 

Successor 
 November 15 - 
 December 31, 
 2007 

Predecessor 
 January 1 - 
 November 14, 
 2007 

Predecessor 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 
 2006 

Predecessor 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 
 2005 

Shipping Revenues: 

Time and bareboat charter revenues 

17,094 

91,517 

49,189 

40,770 

Voyage charter revenues 

14,042 

91,354 

39,663 

9,070 

31,136 

182,871 

88,852 

49,840 

Operating Expenses: 

Voyage expenses 

4,666 

26,670 

10,592 

3,055 

Vessel expenses 

11,398 

71,407 

34,430 

19,550 

Bareboat charter expenses 

3,469 

10,205 

Depreciation and amortization 

7,001 

40,765 

21,592 

14,553 

General and administrative 

2,899 

General and administrative allocated from Overseas Shipholding
 Group, Inc. 

18,564 

7,942 

4,246 

Loss on charter termination 

2,486 

Total operating expenses 

29,433 

167,611 

74,556 

43,890 

Income from vessel operations 

1,703 

15,260 

14,296 

5,950 

Equity in income of affiliated companies 

2,551 

3,192 

6,811 

8,066 

Operating income 

4,254 

18,452 

21,107 

14,016 

Other income /(expense) 

17 

(8 

9 

1 

4,271 

18,444 

21,116 

14,017 

Interest expense to a wholly-owned subsidiary of Overseas Shipholding
 Group, Inc. 

6,426 

8,535 

6,173 

Interest expense, other 

665 

4,409 

4,077 

4,512 

Income before federal income taxes 

3,606 

7,609 

8,504 

3,332 

Provision for federal income taxes 

2,048 

768 

1,325 

Net income 

3,606 

5,561 

7,736 

2,007 

General partner s interest in net income 

72 

Limited partners interest: 

Net income 

3,534 

Net income per unit basic 

0.12 

-
 diluted 

0.12 

Weighted average units outstanding - basic 

30,002,250 

-
 diluted 

30,002,250 

Basic and diluted net income per share 

285.20 

2,434.93 

1,873.81 

Shares used in computing basic and diluted net income per share 

19,500 

3,177 

1,071 

See notes to financial statements. 

64 

OSG AMERICA LP 

 CONSOLIDATED AND PREDECESSOR
COMBINED CARVE-OUT 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW 

 DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS 

Successor 
 November 15 
 December 31, 
 2007 

Predecessor 
 January 1 
 November 14, 
 2007 

Predecessor 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2006 

Predecessor 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2005 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

3,606 

5,561 

7,736 

2,007 

Items included in net income not affecting cash flows: 

Depreciation and amortization 

7,001 

40,765 

21,592 

14,553 

Provision (credit) for deferred federal income taxes 

3,162 

(1,153 

(3,075 

(Increase) decrease in undistributed earnings of affiliated companies,
 net of distributions 

(2,551 

3,618 

1,021 

(838 

Other net 

125 

328 

(327 

(311 

Payments for drydocking 

(533 

(16,874 

(5,835 

(115 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Increase in receivables 

(2,684 

(10,235 

(533 

(3,118 

(Increase) decrease in other current assets 

(2,071 

(1,662 

(26 

276 

(Decrease) increase in accrued federal income taxes 

(4,439 

(3,003 

2,360 

(Decrease) increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other
 liabilities 

(3,295 

8,491 

(6,173 

8,061 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(402 

28,715 

13,299 

19,800 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Expenditures for vessels 

(3,643 

(41,113 

(4,623 

(74,116 

Acquisition of Maritrans 

(340,860 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(3,643 

(41,113 

(345,483 

(74,116 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Capital contribution by OSG 

103 

1,100 

Payments on debt and obligations under capital leases 

(1,327 

(10,808 

(5,938 

(5,180 

Proceeds from issuance of common units pursuant to initial public
 offering 

129,256 

Payment of proceeds to affiliated companies for liabilities owed 

(129,256 

Payments for deferred financing costs 

(1,203 

Changes in advances from affiliates 

9,657 

23,121 

338,337 

58,341 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

7,127 

12,416 

332,399 

54,261 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

3,082 

18 

215 

(55 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

298 

280 

65 

120 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

3,380 

298 

280 

65 

Supplemental schedule of noncash financing activities: 

Issuance of
 units to OSG pursuant to initial public offering 

397,029 

Issuance of
 general partner interest to OSG America LLC pursuant to initial public
 offering 

10,804 

Loans and non-interest bearing advances contributed to capital by OSG 

675,715 

See
notes to financial statements. 

65 

OSG AMERICA LP 

 CONSOLIDATED AND PREDECESSOR
COMBINED CARVE-OUT 

 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN PARTNERS CAPITAL / STOCKHOLDER S DEFICIENCY 

 DOLLARS AND UNITS IN THOUSANDS 

Common Stock 

Additional 
 Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Total 

Balance at
 December 31, 2004 

400 

200 

200 

(155,533 

(155,133 

Issuance of
 stock 

1,100 

1 

1,099 

1,100 

Net income 

2,007 

2,007 

Balance at
 December 31, 2005 

1,500 

201 

1,299 

(153,526 

(152,026 

Issuance of
 stock 

18,000 

Net income 

7,736 

7,736 

Balance at
 December 31, 2006 

19,500 

201 

1,299 

(145,790 

(144,290 

Capital contribution by OSG 

103 

103 

Net income 

5,561 

5,561 

Capital
 contribution of advances from affiliated companies 

675,715 

675,715 

Balance at
 November 14, 2007 

19,500 

201 

677,117 

(140,229 

537,089 

Limited Partners 

Common Units 

Subordinated Units 

General 

Units 

Amount 

Unit 

Amount 

Partner 

Total 

Balance at
 November 15, 2007 

Issuance of
 common units pursuant to initial public offering 

7,500 

129,256 

129,256 

Issuance of units to Overseas Shipholding
 Group, Inc. pursuant to initial public offering 

7,500 

132,343 

15,000 

264,686 

397,029 

Issuance of
 general partner interest to OSG America LLC pursuant to initial public
 offering 

10,804 

10,804 

Issuance and
 amortization of restricted units awards 

2 

2 

2 

Net income 

1,767 

1,767 

72 

3,606 

Balance at
 December 31, 2007 

15,002 

263,368 

15,000 

266,453 

10,876 

540,697 

See
notes to financial statements. 

66 

Notes to Consolidated and
Predecessor Combined Carve-Out Financial Statements: 

Note A Organization: 

OSG America L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership ),
was formed on May 14, 2007 to ultimately own a 100 interest in OSG
America Operating LLC (the Operating Company ). The Partnership s general
partner, OSG America LLC (the General Partner ), is a wholly owned subsidiary
of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. OSG ), a publicly traded company
incorporated in Delaware. The Partnership obtained the foregoing assets in
connection with the initial public offering of its common units, which was
consummated on November 15, 2007. 

At or prior to the completion of the offering, the following
transactions occurred: 

The Partnership entered into a contribution
agreement with OSG pursuant to which OSG transferred to the Partnership all of
the outstanding membership interests of the 18 vessel subsidiaries, represented by the 19,500 issued and
outstanding common registered shares as reflected in the accompanying
predecessor combined carve-out statement of changes in stockholder s deficiency
at November 14, 2007, that own the vessels in the Partnership s initial
fleet and a 37.5 membership interest in Alaska Tanker Company, LLC; 

 OSG assigned to the Partnership the
agreements to bareboat charter, from subsidiaries of Aker American Shipping, Inc., six newbuild product carriers upon delivery
of those vessels; 

 The Partnership issued to OSG 7,500,000
common units and 15,000,000 subordinated units, representing a 73.5 limited
partner interest in the Partnership; 

 The Partnership issued to the General Partner
a 2 general partner interest in the Partnership and all of the Partnership s
incentive distribution rights, which will entitle the General Partner to
increasing percentages of the cash the Partnership distributes in excess of
 0.43125 per unit per quarter; 

 The Partnership issued 7,500,000 of its
common units to the public representing a 24.5 limited partner interest in the
Partnership; and 

 The Partnership satisfied its obligation to
reimburse OSG for approximately 129,256,000 of capital expenditures incurred
prior to the initial public offering with the proceeds from the offering. 

In addition, at or
prior to the completion of the offering, the Partnership entered into the
following agreements: 

a management agreement with OSG Ship
Management, Inc. OSGM ), a wholly owned subsidiary of OSG, pursuant to
which OSGM agreed to provide the Partnership commercial and technical
management services; 

 an administrative services agreement with
OSGM, pursuant to which OSGM agreed to provide the Partnership administrative
services; 

 an omnibus agreement with
OSG, the General Partner and others, setting forth, among other things: 

 when the Partnership and
OSG may compete with each other; 

 certain rights of first
offer on Jones Act tank vessels; 

 the grant to the Partnership of options to purchase the membership interests of one or more
subsidiaries of OSG that have entered into shipbuilding contracts with Bender
Shipbuilding Repair Co., Inc. for six newbuild articulated tug
barges ATBs 

 the grant to the Partnership of options to acquire the membership interests of one or more
subsidiaries of OSG that have entered into agreements to bareboat charter, from
subsidiaries of Aker American Shipping, Inc., two newbuild product
carriers and two newbuild shuttle tankers, upon delivery of those vessels; and 

 a 200,000,000 senior
secured revolving credit facility. 

Note B Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies: 

Basis of
Presentation and Description of Business. OSG America L.P. is engaged in providing marine
transportation services through the ownership and operation of a fleet of
tankers and ATBs. Of the 18 vessels in
the operating fleet, 16 operate in the Jones Act trade and two operate in the
international market under the U.S. flag while participating in the Maritime
Security Program. These two tankers are
not eligible for Jones Act trading because they were not built in the United
States. The management of OSG America
L.P. has determined that it operates in one segment. In addition, OSG America
L.P. owns a 37.5 ownership interest in a joint venture, Alaska Tanker Company,
LLC. 

The accompanying
consolidated and predecessor combined carve-out financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The consolidated financial statements include
the assets and liabilities of the Partnership and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All
significant intercompany balances and transactions have 

67 

been
eliminated in consolidation. Investments in 50 or less owned affiliated
companies, in which the Partnership exercises significant influence, but is not
the primary beneficiary, are accounted for by the equity method. 

For the year ended December 31,
2007, the predecessor combined carve-out financial statements are for the
period January 1, 2007 through November 14, 2007, and the consolidated
financial statements of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries are for
the 47 day period from November 15, 2007 through December 31,
2007 during which the Company operated as an independent company. For the
period from January 1, 2007 through November 14, 2007 and for the
years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, the predecessor combined carve-out
financial statements presented herein have been carved out of the financial
statements of OSG using specific identification. In the preparation of these predecessor
carve-out financial statements, general and administrative expenses were not
identifiable as relating to the vessels. General and administrative expenses,
consisting primarily of salaries and other employee related costs, office rent,
legal and professional fees, and travel and entertainment were allocated based
on the Company s proportionate share of OSG s total ship-operating days for
each of the periods presented. Management believes these allocations reasonably
present the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of OSG
America Predecessor (the Predecessor ). However, the predecessor combined
carve-out statements of financial position, operations and cash flow may not be
indicative of those that would have been realized had OSG America Predecessor
operated as an independent stand-alone entity for the periods presented. Had
OSG America Predecessor operated as an independent stand-alone entity, its
results could have differed significantly from those presented herein. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents. Interest-bearing
deposits that are highly liquid investments and have a maturity of three months
or less when purchased are included in cash and cash equivalents. The treasury
functions of OSG are managed centrally. Accordingly, cash received by OSG
America Predecessor (principally charter hire) was transferred to OSG for
investment purposes, with a corresponding reduction in the advances from
affiliates. Cash required by OSG America Predecessor (principally operating
expenses and debt amortization) was transferred from OSG with a corresponding
increase in the advances from affiliates. 

Inventory. Inventory consists of fuel and is stated at cost
determined on a first-in, first-out basis. 

Vessels. Vessels
are recorded at cost and are depreciated to their estimated salvage value on
the straight-line basis, using a vessel life ranging from 20 to 25 years.
Each vessel s salvage value is equal to the product of its lightweight tonnage
and an estimated scrap rate per ton. 
Accumulated depreciation was 59,568,000 and 27,264,000 at December 31,
2007 and 2006, respectively. 

Interest costs are
capitalized to vessels during the period that vessels are under construction.
Interest capitalized aggregated 204,000 for the period November 15 through
December 31, 2007, 1,320,000 for the period January 1 through November 14,
2007 and 167,000 for the year ended December 31, 2006. 

Deferred Drydock Expenditures. Expenditures incurred
during a drydocking are deferred and amortized on the straight-line basis over
the period until the next scheduled drydocking, generally two and a half years.
Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed when incurred.
Amortization of capitalized drydock expenditures, which is included in
depreciation and amortization in the consolidated and combined statements of
operations, amounted to 1,302,000 for the period November 15 through December 31,
2007, 4,140,000 for the period January 1 through November 14, 2007
and 3,384,000 and 1,666,000 for the years ended December 31, 2006 and
2005, respectively. 

Vessels under Capital Leases. The Partnership charters in two vessels that
it accounts for as capital leases. Amortization of capital leases is computed
by the straight-line method over 22 years, which is the duration of the
leases. Accumulated amortization was
 80,414,000 and 74,994,000 at December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. The
carrying amounts of long-lived assets held and used by the Partnership are
reviewed for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of a particular asset may not be fully
recoverable. In such instances, an impairment charge would be recognized if the
estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use
of the asset and its eventual disposition is less than the asset s carrying
amount. This assessment is made at the individual vessel level since separately
identifiable cash flow information for each vessel is available. The amount of
an impairment charge, if any, would be determined using discounted cash flows. 

Deferred Financing Costs. Direct costs
associated with obtaining long-term financing are deferred and amortized to
interest expense over the terms of the related debt. Deferred financing costs of 1,172,000 at December 31,
2007 are stated net of accumulated amortization and are included in other
assets. Amortization for the period November 15
through December 31, 2007 amounted to 31,000. 

68 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets. Goodwill and
indefinite lived intangible assets acquired in a business combination are not
amortized but are reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently if
impairment indicators arise. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are
amortized over their estimated useful lives. The Partnership s intangible
assets, which consist of long-term customer relationships acquired as part of
the purchase of Maritrans Inc. Maritrans by OSG in November 2006, are
being amortized on a straight line basis over 20 years. Accumulated amortization at December 31,
2007 and 2006 was 4,983,000 and 383,000, respectively. Amortization expense amounted to 594,000 for
the period November 15 through December 31, 2007, 4,006,000 for the
period January 1 through November 14, 2007 and 383,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2006. Amortization of intangible assets for each of the
five years subsequent to December 31, 2007 is expected to approximate
 4,600,000 per year. 

Revenue and Expense Recognition. 
 Revenues from time charters are recognized ratably
over the rental periods of such charters, as service is performed. Voyage
revenues and expenses are recognized ratably over the estimated length of each
voyage and, therefore, are allocated between reporting periods based on the
relative transit time in each period. A voyage charter agreement with a
customer consists of sailing to the load port (the positioning leg), loading
the cargo, sailing to the discharge port and discharging the cargo. The charter
agreement requires the relevant vessel to proceed to the port or place as
ordered by the charterer in accordance with the contract. The vessel is,
therefore, employed from the time it receives a contract until the last
discharge point and a contract is not cancellable in the positioning leg,
provided the Partnership fulfills its contractual commitment. Accordingly, the
voyage period commences upon departure from the discharge port of the vessel s
previous cargo and ends upon the departure from the discharge port of the
current cargo. The Partnership generally enters into a charter agreement with a
customer for the vessel s next voyage prior to the time of discharge for its
previous voyage. The impact of recognizing voyage expenses ratably over the
length of each voyage is not materially different on a quarterly and annual
basis from a method of recognizing such costs as incurred. The Partnership does
not begin recognizing voyage revenue until a charter has been agreed to by both
the Partnership and the customer, even if the vessel has discharged its cargo
and is sailing to the anticipated load port on its next voyage. 

Under voyage charters,
expenses such as commissions, fuel, port charges, pilot fees, tank cleaning costs,
canal tolls and cargo handling operations are paid by the Partnership whereas,
under time and bareboat charters, such voyage costs generally are paid by the
Partnership s customers. 

Significant Customers. During the three years ended December 31
2007, the Partnership derived revenues from certain major customers, each one
representing more than 10 of revenues. In 2007, revenues from four customers
aggregated 46 of total revenues. In 2006 and 2005, revenues from four
customers aggregated 62 and 85 , respectively, of total revenues. The
Partnership does not necessarily derive 10 or more of its total revenues from
the same group of customers each year. 

Income Taxes. All of the companies included in the
Predecessor combined carve-out financial statements were included in the OSG
consolidated group for U.S. income tax purposes for periods through November 14,
2007. The Predecessor s financial statements have been prepared on the basis
that OSG was responsible for all taxes for the periods prior to January 1,
2002. The provisions for income taxes in the Predecessor combined carve-out
financial statements have been determined on a separate-return basis for all
periods presented. Deferred tax assets and liabilities were recognized for the
expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax bases of
assets and liabilities and their reported amounts. Valuation allowances were
recorded, when appropriate, to reduce deferred tax assets when it was more
likely than not that a tax benefit would not be realized by OSG America
Predecessor. Current income taxes were provided on income reported for
financial statement purposes adjusted for transactions that do not enter into
the computations of income tax payable. 

In June 2006, the
FASB issued Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income
Taxes . This interpretation clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income
taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements by prescribing a
recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement
recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in
a tax return. This interpretation also provides guidance on derecognition,
classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure
and transition. This interpretation was effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2006. The Predecessor adopted this standard effective January 1,
2007. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The Partnership is not a
taxable entity and does not incur a federal income tax liability. Instead, each partner of a partnership is
required to take into account his share of items of income, gain, loss and deduction
of the partnership in computing his federal income tax liability, regardless of
whether cash distributions are made to him by the partnership. Distributions by a partnership to a partner
are generally not taxable to the partner unless the amount of cash distributed
exceeds the partner s adjusted basis in his partnership interest. 

The Internal Revenue Code
provides that publicly traded partnerships will, as a general rule, be taxed as
corporations. However, an exception,
referred to as the Qualifying Income Exception, exists with respect to
publicly traded partnerships of which 90 or more of the gross income for every
taxable year consists of qualifying income . 
Qualifying income 

69 

includes income and gains
derived from the transportation, storage and processing of crude oil, natural
gas and products thereof. For the period November 15 through December 31,
2007, at least 90 of the Partnership s current gross income constitutes
qualifying income, and the Partnership will be classified as a partnership and
the operating company will be disregarded as an entity separate from the
Partnership for federal income tax purposes. 

Partners 
Capital. On November 8,
2007, OSG announced the pricing of the initial public offering of 7,500,000
common units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership at
 19.00 per unit. The common units
issued to the public represent a 24.5 limited partner interest in the
Partnership. OSG America LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of OSG, is the sole
general partner of the partnership and has a 2 general partner interest, and
other subsidiaries of OSG hold a 73.5 limited partnership interest. 

Net
proceeds after deducting fees on the transaction were 129,256,000, which were
used to satisfy the obligation of the Partnership to reimburse OSG for capital
expenditures incurred in the 24 months prior to the offering to improve the
assets contributed to the Partnership by OSG, as partial consideration for that
contribution. 

Stockholder s
Equity. At December 31, 2006, the wholly owned
subsidiaries included in the Predecessor combined carve-out financial
statements had authorized capital of 6,500 common registered shares (1,300
shares were issued and outstanding) with 1.00 par value; 2,000 common
registered shares (200 shares were issued and outstanding) with no par value;
and, in connection with the November 28, 2006 acquisition of Maritrans,
18,000 common shares with a par value of .01 per share, all of which were
issued and outstanding at December 31, 2006. The stockholder s equity was exchanged for
common and subordinated units of the Partnership in connection with the initial
public offering. 

Unit-Based Compensation . 
The Partnership has adopted a long-term incentive plan that permits the
granting of awards to directors and employees in the form of restricted units
and unit options. The Partnership recognizes compensation cost for the
restricted units on a straight-line basis over the vesting periods of the
awards, which is three years. No unit options have been granted. 

Net
Income per Unit. Basic net income per unit is determined by dividing
net income, after deducting the amount of net income allocated to the general
partner interest, by the weighted average number of units outstanding during
the period. Diluted net income per unit
is calculated in the same manner as basic net income per unit, except that the
weighted average number of outstanding units is increased to include the
dilutive effect of restricted units granted under the Partnership s long-term
incentive plan. There was no change in
the weighted average units outstanding for diluted net income per unit for the
period November 15 through December 31, 2007. 

As
required by Emerging Issues Task Force Issue No. 03-06, Participating
Securities and the Two-Class Method under FASB Statement No. 128,
Earnings per Share EITF 03-6 ), the general partner s interest in net income
is calculated as if all net income for the period was distributed according to
the terms of the partnership agreement, regardless of whether those earnings
would or could be distributed. The
partnership agreement does not provide for the distribution of net income;
rather, it provides for the distribution of available cash, which is a
contractually defined term that generally means all cash on hand at the end of
each quarter after provision for certain cash requirements. Unlike available cash, net income is affected
by non-cash items, such as depreciation and amortization. 

As
described in Note A above, the general partner s incentive distribution rights
entitle it to receive an increasing percentage of distributions when the quarterly
cash distribution exceeds 0.43125 per unit. 
For purposes of EITF 03-6, the Partnership must calculate the general
partner s share of net income under the assumption that such net income was
distributable. Since net income did not
exceed 0.43125 per unit for the period November 14 through December 31,
2007, the Partnership did not use any increased percentages in calculating the
general partner s interest in net income. 

Use of Estimates. The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. 

Newly Issued Accounting Standards . 
 In September 2006,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 157 FAS 157 ), Fair Value Measurements. The
standard provides guidance for using fair value to measure assets and
liabilities in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
expands disclosures about the extent to which companies measure assets and
liabilities at fair value, the information used to measure fair value, and the
effect of fair value measurements on earnings. FAS 157 applies whenever other
standards require or permit assets or liabilities to be measured at fair value
but does not expand the use of fair value in any new circumstances. FAS 157 is
effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15,
2007, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is
permitted. The adoption of FAS 157 will not have a material effect on the
Partnership s earnings or financial position. 

70 

In February 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 159 FAS 159 ), The Fair
Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities including an
amendment of FAS 115. FAS 159 provides
entities with the opportunity to choose to measure eligible financial
instruments and certain other items at fair value at specified election dates
to mitigate volatility in reported earnings caused by measuring related assets
and liabilities differently without having to apply complex hedge accounting
provisions. FAS 159 is effective for
financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15,
2007 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted provided a company
also elects to apply the provisions of FAS 157. 
The adoption of FAS 159 will not have a material effect on the
Partnership s earnings or financial position. 

In December 2007,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 141
(revised 2007), Business Combinations FAS 141R ). FAS 141R
establishes principles and requirements for how an acquirer recognizes and
measures in its financial statements the identifiable assets acquired, the
liabilities assumed, any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree and the
goodwill acquired. FAS 141R also establishes disclosure requirements to
enable the evaluation of the nature and financial effects of the business
combination. FAS 141R applies prospectively to business combinations for
which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual
reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008. An entity may not apply it before that date. 

In December 2007,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 160,
 Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements an amendment of
Accounting Research Bulletin No. 51 FAS 160 ). FAS 160
establishes accounting and reporting standards for ownership interests in
subsidiaries held by parties other than the parent, the amount of consolidated
net income attributable to the parent and to the noncontrolling interest,
changes in a parent s ownership interest and the valuation of retained
noncontrolling equity investments when a subsidiary is deconsolidated.
FAS 160 also establishes disclosure requirements that clearly identify and
distinguish between the interests of the parent and the interests of the
noncontrolling owners. FAS 160 is effective for fiscal years, and interim
periods within those fiscal years, beginning on or after December 15, 2008
(that is, January 1, 2009, for entities with calendar year-ends). Earlier adoption is prohibited. This
statement is required to be applied prospectively as of the beginning of the
fiscal year in which it initially applied, except for the presentation and
disclosure requirements, which must be applied retrospectively for all periods
presented. 

Note C Acquisition of Maritrans: 

On November 28, 2006, OSG acquired Maritrans, a leading U.S. flag
crude oil and petroleum product shipping company that owned and operated one of
the largest fleets of double hull vessels serving the U.S. East Coast and Gulf
Coast trades. The operating results of
certain wholly owned subsidiaries of Maritrans, which were carved out of the
consolidated financial statements of Maritrans, have been included in the
Partnership s combined financial statements commencing November 29,
2006. The Maritrans fleet consisted of
seven ATBs, one of which was in the process of being double hulled, one
conventional tug barge CTB and two tankers, all operating under the U.S.
flag. 

The following table summarizes the final allocation of the purchase
price to the fair value of the Maritrans assets and liabilities. The final
allocation of the purchase price resulted in a decrease to goodwill of
 2,038,000 in 2007: 

In thousands 

Assets: 

Current assets,
 including receivables 

16,227 

Vessels 

303,995 

Intangible
 assets subject to amortization 

92,000 

Goodwill 

62,874 

Total assets 

475,096 

Liabilities: 

Current
 liabilities, including current installments of long-term debt 

14,976 

Long-term debt 

51,427 

Deferred federal
 income taxes and other liabilities 

68,112 

Total
 liabilities assumed 

134,515 

Net assets
 acquired (cash consideration) 

340,581 

71 

The following unaudited
pro forma financial information reflects the results of the Maritrans acquisition
as if it had occurred at the beginning of each of the periods presented during
2006 and 2005, after giving effect to purchase accounting adjustments: 

Year ended December 31, 

2006 

2005 

(In thousands, except per 
 share amounts) 

Pro forma shipping
 revenues 

190,654 

153,108 

Pro forma net
 income 

11,305 

5,432 

Pro forma per
 share amounts: 

Basic and
 diluted net income per share 

579.73 

284.85 

Average shares
 outstanding during the period presented 

19,500 

19,071 

The pro forma results have been prepared for comparative
purposes only and do not purport to be indicative of what operating results
would have been had the acquisition actually taken place on the dates
indicated. These results do not reflect any synergies that might be achieved
from the combined operations. 

Note D Alaska Tanker Company, LLC: 

In the first quarter of
1999, OSG, BP Oil Shipping Company USA, Inc. BP and Keystone Alaska,
LLC formed Alaska Tanker Company, LLC ATC to manage the vessels carrying
Alaskan crude oil for BP. ATC, 37.5 of which is now owned by the Partnership,
provides marine transportation services in the environmentally sensitive
Alaskan crude oil trade. Each member of
ATC is entitled to receive its respective share of any incentive charter hire
payable by BP to ATC. The Partnership is
not the primary beneficiary (as defined in FASB Interpretation 46(R) Consolidation
of Variable Interest Entities, an Interpretation of ARB No. 51 with regard to
ATC and accounts for its 37.5 interest in ATC according to the equity method. 

A condensed summary of
the assets and liabilities of ATC follows: 

As of December 31, 

In thousands 

2007 

2006 

Current assets 

31,726 

36,035 

Noncurrent
 assets 

926 

776 

Total assets 

32,652 

36,811 

Current
 liabilities 

29,028 

33,936 

Noncurrent
 liabilities 

6,611 

2,775 

Members equity 

100 

100 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss 

(3,087 

Total
 liabilities and members equity 

32,652 

36,811 

The balance in
accumulated other comprehensive loss relates to the adoption of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 158, Employers Accounting for Defined
Benefit Pension and other Postretirement Plans an amendment to FASB Statement
Nos. 87, 88, 106 and 132(R) . This
amount is amortized and recorded on ATC s statement of operations and will be
reimbursed by BP as set forth in the time charter agreements. 

A condensed summary of
the results of operations of ATC follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

In thousands 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Time charter
 equivalent revenues 

144,628 

139,160 

164,719 

Ship operating
 and other expenses 

(129,312 

(121,000 

(143,835 

Income from
 vessel operations net income 

15,316 

18,160 

20,884 

72 

Note E Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses: 

Accounts payable and
accrued expenses consist of the following: 

As of December 31, 

In thousands 

2007 

2006 

Trade payables 

4,533 

4,067 

Fuel accruals 

3,544 

807 

Charter revenues
 received in advance 

3,074 

5,220 

Drydock accrual 

2,523 

148 

Insurance
 premiums 

2,253 

208 

Payroll and
 benefits 

1,003 

1,345 

Interest expense 

311 

302 

Brokers
 commissions 

444 

162 

Other 

1,837 

3,497 

19,522 

15,756 

Note F Advances from Affiliates: 

As of December 31, 

In thousands 

2007 

2006 

Interest bearing
 loans 

167,093 

Non-interest
 bearing advances with no fixed terms of repayment 

9,657 

401,893 

9,657 

568,986 

Loans and non-interest
bearing advances aggregating 596,044,000 were contributed to capital by OSG in
2007 prior to the completion of the initial public offering. The interest bearing loans that were
outstanding at December 31, 2006, were payable to a wholly-owned
subsidiary of OSG according to a floating rate revolving credit facility. The effective interest rate on the interest
bearing loans outstanding at December 31, 2006 was 4.89 . The Partnership
repaid the non-interest bearing advances outstanding at December 31, 2007
in February 2008 by borrowing under the senior secured revolving credit
facility. 

Note G Long-term Debt: 

Long-term debt consists
of the following: 

As of December 31, 

In thousands 

2007 

2006 

5.1 to 6.3 
 fixed rate secured term loans, due through 2014 

49,587 

55,400 

Less current
 portion 

(2,834 

(4,202 

Long-term
 portion 

46,753 

51,198 

As of December 31,
2007, approximately 18.4 of the net book value of the Partnership s vessels is
pledged as collateral under secured term loans. 
The term loans require the Partnership to maintain the vessels in good
condition, maintain specified insurance, and abide by other covenants, which
are customary with respect to such borrowings. 

73 

The aggregate annual principal payments required to be made on debt are
as follows: 

In thousands 

As of December 31, 2007 

2008 

2,834 

2009 

3,007 

2010 

3,191 

2011 

3,385 

2012 

3,591 

Thereafter 

33,579 

Total 

49,587 

Interest paid, excluding
loans to affiliates and capitalized interest, amounted to 439,000 for the
period from November 15 through December 31, 2007, 4,595,000 for the
period from January 1 through November 14, 2007, and 3,877,000 and
 4,512,000, for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. 

Senior
Secured Revolving Credit Facility 

On November 15, 2007, OSG America Operating Company LLC, a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Partnership, entered into a 200,000,000 senior secured
revolving credit facility with ING Bank N.V. and DnB NOR Bank ASA. As of December 31, 2007, there were no
borrowings outstanding under the facility. 

Borrowings under the senior secured revolving credit facility are due
and payable five years after the date that the facility agreement was signed
(the closing date ), subject to a 24-month extension period which may be
requested by the Partnership on or after the second anniversary of the closing
date (up to 90 days prior to the fifth anniversary of the closing date)
and which may be approved by the lenders. Drawings under the facility will be
available on a revolving basis until the earlier of one month prior to the
applicable maturity date or the date on which the facility is permanently
reduced to zero and the lenders are no longer required to make advances. The
maximum number of advances permitted to be outstanding under the senior secured
revolving credit facility at any one time will be ten. 

Borrowings under the senior secured revolving credit facility are
secured by, among other things, first preferred mortgages on certain owned
vessels, and are guaranteed by the Partnership and certain of its subsidiaries. 

OSG America Operating Company LLC will be able, at its option, to
prepay all loans under the Partnership s senior secured revolving credit
facility at any time without penalty (other than customary LIBOR breakage
costs). The outstanding loans under the
senior secured revolving credit facility will bear interest at a rate equal to
LIBOR plus the applicable margin (70 basis points per year until the fifth
anniversary of the closing date and, if the extension option is exercised, 75
basis points per year thereafter). 

The new senior secured revolving credit facility will prevent the
Partnership from declaring dividends or making distributions if any event of
default, as defined in the senior secured revolving credit agreement, exists or
would result from such payments. In addition, the senior secured revolving
credit facility contains covenants requiring the Partnership to adhere to
certain financial covenants . 

Note H Taxes: 

All current and deferred tax liabilities were contributed to
capital by OSG immediately prior to the Partnership s initial public offering. 

In 2006, OSG made an
election under the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, effective for years
commencing with 2005, to have its qualifying U.S. flag operations taxed under a
new tonnage tax regime rather than under the usual U.S. corporate income tax
regime. As a result of that election, the Predecessor s taxable income for U.S.
income tax purposes with respect to the eligible U.S. flag vessels did not
include income from qualifying shipping activities in U.S. foreign trade (i.e.,
transportation between the U.S. and foreign ports or between foreign ports). 

74 

The significant
components of deferred tax liabilities at December 31, 2006 follow: 

In thousands 

Excess of book
 over tax basis of depreciable or amortizable assets net 

72,204 

Costs
 capitalized and amortized for book, expensed for tax 

1,474 

Other net 

1,559 

Total deferred
 tax liabilities (long-term) 

75,237 

The
components of the Predecessor s provisions for federal income taxes follow: 

January 1 
 November 14, 

Year Ended December 31, 

In thousands 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Current 

(1,114 

1,921 

4,400 

Deferred 

3,162 

(1,153 

(3,075 

2,048 

768 

1,325 

Reconciliations of the Predecessor s actual federal income
tax rate attributable to pretax income and the U.S. statutory income tax rate
follow: 

January 1 
 November 14, 

Year Ended December 31, 

In thousands 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Actual federal
 income tax provision rate 

26.9 

9.0 

39.8 

Adjustments: 

Tonnage tax
 exclusion 

26.5 

27.6 

(4.8 

Amortization of
 intangibles 

(18.4 

(1.6 

U.S. statutory
 income tax provision rate 

35.0 

35.0 

35.0 

Note I Leases: 

Charters-in: 

As of December 31, 2007, the Partnership had commitments to
bareboat charter-in ten vessels. Eight
of such charter-ins are, or will be, accounted for as operating leases. The future minimum commitments and related
number of operating days under these operating leases are as follows: 

As of December 31, 2007 

In thousands 

Amount 

Operating Days 

2008 

30,154 

1,439 

2009 

51,791 

2,378 

2010 

61,539 

2,787 

2011 

64,331 

2,920 

2012 

64,306 

2,928 

Thereafter 

150,944 

5,256 

Total 

423,065 

17,708 

75 

The future minimum commitments under two bareboat charters-in that are
classified as capital leases are as follows: 

In thousands 

As of December 31, 2007 

2008 

8,884 

2009 

9,692 

2010 

9,691 

2011 

8,103 

Net minimum
 lease payments 

36,370 

Less amount
 representing interest 

(6,149 

Total 

30,221 

In June 2005, OSG
signed agreements to bareboat charter ten Jones Act Product Tankers to be
constructed by Aker Philadelphia Shipyard, Inc. APSI ), which order was
increased to 12 ships in October 2007. Agreements for eight of such
vessels are included in the Partnership. Following construction, APSI will sell
the vessels to leasing subsidiaries of American Shipping Corporation ASC ),
an affiliate of APSI, which will bareboat charter the eight vessels to the
Partnership for initial terms of five or seven years. The Partnership has
extension options for the lives of the vessels. The charters provide for profit
sharing with the owners of the vessels when revenues earned by such vessels
exceed amounts defined in the charters. Three of these vessels, the Overseas Houston, Overseas Long Beach and Overseas
Los Angeles , have already been delivered from the shipyard,
in February, June and November 2007, respectively. The remaining five
vessels are scheduled to be delivered from the shipyard between 2008 and early
2010. The bareboat charters will commence upon delivery of the vessels. 

Charters-out: 

The future minimum
revenues, before reduction for brokerage commissions, expected to be received
on noncancelable time charters and the related revenue days (revenue days
represent calendar days, less days that vessels are not available for
employment due to repairs, drydock or lay-up) are as follows: 

As of December 31, 2007 

In thousands 

Amount 

Revenue Days 

2008 

99,091 

2,620 

2009 

119,833 

2,712 

2010 

125,440 

2,595 

2011 

106,750 

2,173 

2012 

60,839 

1,249 

Thereafter 

56,213 

1,199 

Total 

568,166 

12,548 

Revenues from a time
charter are not generally received when a vessel is off-hire, including time
required for normal periodic maintenance of the vessel. In arriving at the
minimum future charter revenues, an estimated time off-hire to perform periodic
maintenance on each vessel has been deducted, although there is no assurance
that such estimate will be reflective of the actual off-hire in the future. 

The scheduled future
minimum revenues should not be construed to reflect total shipping revenues for
any of the periods. 

Note J Long-term
Incentive Plan 

In 2007, the Board of Directors of the general partner
of the Partnership adopted the OSG America L.P. 2007 Omnibus Incentive
Compensation Plan (the Plan for directors and employees of the Partnership
and its affiliates. The Plan currently permits the grant of awards covering an
aggregate of 250,000 common units in the form of unit options, unit
appreciation rights, restricted units, unsecured and unfunded restricted unit
awards, performance units, cash incentive awards and other equity-based or
equity-related awards. The Plan is administered by the Board of Directors of
the general partner of the 

76 

Partnership. The Board of Directors, in its
discretion, may terminate the Plan at any time and also reserves the right to
alter or amend the Plan from time to time, including increasing the number of
common units with respect to which awards may be granted subject to unitholder
approval as required by the New York Stock Exchange. No change in any
outstanding grant may be made, however, which would materially impair the
rights of any participant without the consent of such participant. 

Unit compensation expense for the period of November 15
through December 31, 2007 was not material to the Partnership s Statement
of Operations. As of December 31, 2007, there was 41,000 of unamortized
compensation cost related to non-vested restricted units, which is expected to
be recognized over a remaining weighted-average vesting period of 2.9 years. A
summary of the status of the Partnership s restricted unit awards as of December 31,
2007 and of changes in restricted units outstanding under the Partnership s
long-term incentive plan for the period of November 15 through December 31,
2007 follows: 

Number of units 

Weighted- 
 Average Grant 
 Date Fair Value 
 per Unit 

Restricted unit
 awards outstanding at November 15, 2007 

Units granted 

2,250 

19.00 

Units vested 

Restricted unit
 awards outstanding at December 31, 2007 

2,250 

19.00 

Note K Pension
Plans: 

The Partnership makes contributions to jointly managed
(company and union) multi-employer pension plans covering seagoing personnel.
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 requires employers who are
contributors to U.S. multi-employer plans to continue funding their allocable
share of each plan s unfunded vested benefits in the event of withdrawal from
or termination of such plans. Certain other seagoing personnel are covered
under a defined contribution plan, the cost of which is funded as incurred. The
costs of these plans were not material for the period November 15 through December 31,
2007, for the period January 1 through November 14, 2007, or for the
years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005. 

Note L Fair
Value Of Financial Instruments: 

Cash
and cash equivalents . The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated and Predecessor
combined carve-out balance sheets for interest-bearing deposits approximate
their fair value. 

Debt,
including capital leases. 
 The fair values of the Company s
fixed rate debt are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, based on the
rates currently available for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities. 

As of December 31, 

2007 

2006 

In Thousands 

Carrying 
 Amount 

Fair 
 Value 

Carrying 
 Amount 

Fair 
 Value 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

3,380 

3,380 

280 

280 

Debt, including
 capital lease obligations 

79,808 

78,471 

91,943 

92,348 

Note M Commitments: 

As of December 31, 2007, the Partnership had remaining commitments
of 28,211,000 on non-cancelable contracts for the construction of two tugs (to
be delivered in 2008 and 2009) and the double hulling of one existing barge (to
be completed in 2008). We expect these commitments to be funded from existing
cash on hand, borrowings under our revolving credit facility or additional
long-term debt as required. 

77 

Note N Quarterly Results of
Operations (Unaudited): 

Quarter ended Dec. 31, 

Results of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share and per 
 unit amounts) 

Quarter 
 ended 
 March 31, 

Quarter 
 ended 
 June 30, 

Quarter 
 ended 
 Sept. 30, 

Oct. 1 
 through 
 Nov. 14, 

Nov. 15 
 through 
 Dec. 31, 

Combined 

2007 

Shipping
 revenues 

49,734 

49,366 

55,784 

27,987 

31,136 

59,123 

Income from
 vessel operations 

7,980 

4,579 

1,446 

1,255 

1,703 

2,958 

Net income
 (loss) 

4,203 

2,674 

(1,577 

261 

3,606 

3,867 

Basic net income
 (loss) per share 

215.52 

137.12 

(80.83 

13.38 

Diluted net
 income (loss) per share 

215.52 

137.12 

(80.83 

13.38 

Basic net income per unit 

0.12 

Diluted net income per unit 

0.12 

2006 

Shipping
 revenues 

17,259 

20,578 

21,623 

29,392 

Income from
 vessel operations 

3,074 

4,332 

3,998 

2,892 

Net income 

2,158 

2,519 

2,286 

773 

Basic net income
 per share 

1,438.93 

1,679.33 

1,524.53 

94.75 

Income per share 

1,438.93 

1,679.33 

1,524.53 

94.75 

78 

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS REPORT 

The Members 
Alaska Tanker Company, LLC: 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Alaska Tanker Company, LLC (a
Delaware limited liability company) as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and
the related statements of operations, members equity (deficit) and cash flows
for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2007.
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based
on our audits. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes consideration
of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit
also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

As
discussed in note 8 to the financial statements, the Company adopted the
recognition and disclosure provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 158, Employers Accounting for
Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans , as of December 31,
2007. 

In our opinion, the
financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of Alaska Tanker Company, LLC as of December 31,
2007 and 2006 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2007 in conformity
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

February 18, 2008 

79 

ALASKA TANKERS COMPANY, LLC 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

As of December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

4,590,735 

6,130,228 

Due from members: 

BP Oil 

26,560,187 

29,165,226 

OSG 

5,158 

Other receivables 

21,097 

73,768 

Prepaid expenses 

553,646 

660,424 

Total current assets 

31,725,665 

36,034,804 

Long term assets: 

Other assets 

926,218 

775,813 

Total assets 

32,651,883 

36,810,617 

Liabilities and Members Equity
 (Deficit) 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

3,499,882 

6,259,944 

Accrued expenses (note 4) 

10,212,011 

9,516,407 

Accrued dividend to members 

15,316,393 

18,159,823 

Total current liabilities 

29,028,286 

33,936,174 

Long term liabilities: 

Other liabilities 

6,610,981 

2,774,443 

Total long term liabilities 

6,610,981 

2,774,443 

Total liabilities 

35,639,267 

36,710,617 

Commitments and contingencies (notes 3 and 6) 

Members equity (Deficit): 

Members equity 

100,000 

100,000 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(3,087,384 

Members equity (deficit) 

(2,987,384 

100,000 

Total liabilities and members equity (deficit) 

32,651,883 

36,810,617 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

80 

ALASKA
TANKER COMPANY, LLC 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Years ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Revenues 

143,565,531 

136,287,792 

160,767,828 

Predelivery revenues (outside of time charters) 

1,062,497 

2,871,765 

3,951,222 

Total revenues 

144,628,028 

139,159,557 

164,719,050 

Cost of operations: 

Payroll 

31,634,274 

30,899,151 

38,389,245 

Consumables 

3,639,972 

3,218,657 

3,136,940 

Insurance, net 

1,298,750 

1,699,149 

1,874,574 

Vessel repair 

13,159,701 

6,247,026 

6,668,430 

Drydock and customs 

7,083,307 

1,862,630 

Fuel 

41,465,437 

39,427,153 

53,528,517 

Port charges 

18,017,692 

15,190,016 

18,824,079 

Other 

4,303,433 

3,774,272 

3,208,847 

New build expenses (projects outside warranty) 

4,003,536 

1,180,093 

Total cost of operations 

117,522,795 

108,718,824 

127,493,262 

Administrative costs 

10,726,343 

8,988,573 

10,108,147 

Predelivery expenses (outside of time charters) 

1,062,497 

2,871,765 

3,951,222 

Severance costs 

420,572 

2,282,053 

Net income 

15,316,393 

18,159,823 

20,884,366 

Dividend declared to members 

15,316,393 

18,159,823 

20,884,366 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

81 

ALASKA
TANKER COMPANY, LLC 

 STATEMENTS
OF MEMBERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 Years
ended December 31, 2007, 2006, and 2005 

OSG 

Keystone 

BP Oil 

Members 
 Equity 

Accumulated 
 other 
 comprehensive 
 loss 

Members 
 equity 
 (deficit) 

Balance,
 December 31, 2004 

37,500 

37,500 

25,000 

100,000 

100,000 

Net Income 

7,831,637 

7,831,637 

5,221,092 

20,884,366 

20,884,366 

Dividend to
 members 

(7,831,637 

(7,831,637 

(5,221,092 

(20,884,366 

(20,884,366 

Balance,
 December 31, 2005 

37,500 

37,500 

25,000 

100,000 

100,000 

Net Income 

6,809,934 

6,809,934 

4,539,955 

18,159,823 

18,159,823 

Dividend to
 members 

(6,809,934 

(6,809,934 

(4,539,955 

(18,159,823 

(18,159,823 

Balance,
 December 31, 2006 

37,500 

37,500 

25,000 

100,000 

100,000 

Net Income 

5,743,647 

5,743,647 

3,829,099 

15,316,393 

15,316,393 

Dividend to
 members 

(5,743,647 

(5,743,647 

(3,829,099 

(15,316,393 

(15,316,393 

Effect of
 adoption of provisions of SFAS No. 158 

(3,087,384 

(3,087,384 

Balance, at
 December 31, 2007 

37,500 

37,500 

25,000 

100,000 

(3,087,384 
 (A) 

(2,987,384 

(A) The balance in accumulated
other comprehensive loss relates to the adoption of SFAS No. 158 and
resulted in an increase in defined benefit pension and post retirement benefit
obligations on the balance sheet. As
this amount is amortized and recorded on the statement of operations, it will
be reimbursed by BP Oil as set forth in the time charter agreements. 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

82 

ALASKA
TANKER COMPANY, LLC 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

Years ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

15,316,393 

18,159,823 

20,884,366 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating
 activities: 

Change in: 

Due from members and other receivables 

2,662,868 

4,413,239 

2,151,040 

Prepaid expenses 

106,778 

(224,141 

481,608 

Other assets 

(160,011 

(184,326 

(194,350 

Accounts payable 

(2,760,062 

4,594,766 

(2,633,031 

Accrued expenses 

695,604 

(1,406,385 

(9,124,077 

Other liabilities 

758,760 

789,585 

582,643 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

16,620,330 

26,142,561 

12,148,199 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Increase (decrease) in checks outstanding in excess of cash deposits 

(2,356,361 

1,674,256 

Payment of dividend to members 

(18,159,823 

(20,884,366 

(19,274,386 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(18,159,823 

(23,240,727 

(17,600,130 

Net change in cash 

(1,539,493 

2,901,834 

(5,451,931 

Cash, beginning of year 

6,130,228 

3,228,394 

8,680,325 

Cash, end of year 

4,590,735 

6,130,228 

3,228,394 

Supplemental disclosure of
 cash flow information: 

Noncash financing activity: 

Dividends declared 

15,316,393 

18,159,823 

20,884,366 

Adoption of SFAS No. 158 

3,087,384 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

83 

ALASKA TANKER
COMPANY, LLC 

 Notes to Financial
Statements 

 December 31,
2007 and 2006 

(1) Organization and Purpose 

Alaska Tanker Company, LLC (ATC or the Company) was
organized effective March 30, 1999 as a limited liability company in the
state of Delaware for the purpose of chartering and operating vessels for the
transportation of Alaskan produced crude oil to destinations designated by
vessel charterers, and to provide tonnage planning and ship scheduling services
to such vessel charterers. 

The members of the Company and their respective
ownership interests are BP Oil Shipping Company USA, Inc. (BP Oil), which
owns 25 , Keystone Alaska, LLC (Keystone), which owns 37.5 and OSG America, LP
(OSG), which owns 37.5 . The ownership interest held by OSG was previously held
by Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. until November 15, 2007, when the
membership interest was transferred to OSG as part of its initial public
offering. Total capital contributions of 100,000 were made upon formation of
ATC and each Member contributed its percentage of initial contribution based on
their proportionate ownership. 

The term of the Company shall be perpetual unless
dissolved or terminated by the members pursuant to the limited liability
company agreement (Agreement). Disposition of a member s interest can be made
only in accordance with the Agreement which provides, among other things, that
any member who wants to dispose of its membership interest (other than to an
affiliate of the member) must (i) obtain approval of all of the other
members; (ii) receive a bona fide offer to purchase its membership interest
from a third party, (iii) offer to the other members to sell its
membership interest on the same terms as the offer from the third party. 

Pursuant to the Agreement, each member has agreed it
will not resign, retire, or withdraw from the Company, except that BP Oil may
withdraw as a member from the Company without cause, upon at least 120 days
prior notice to the other members. The withdrawal of BP Oil will not affect the
time charters (note 3) with BP Oil and the associated guarantees or other
contractual relationships then in place. 

Income, loss, and distributions are allocated among
the members in accordance with their sharing ratios in effect at the time
(currently BP Oil 25 , Keystone 37.5 , OSG 37.5 ). 

The management of the Company is vested in the member
committee, which is composed of three representatives, one from each of the
members of the Company. The representatives of Keystone and OSG have one and
one half (1 votes each and the representative of BP Oil has one (1) vote.
The member committee may delegate and has delegated certain operating
responsibilities and authority to employees of the Company. 

(2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

(a) Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant items subject to
such estimates and assumptions include valuation allowances for receivables and
assets and liabilities related to employee benefits. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. 

(b) Revenue Recognition 

Revenue is recorded pursuant to time charters
(note 3) as expenses are incurred and incentive hire is earned. As
discussed in note 3, payments under bareboat charters are not recorded by
the Company in the accompanying financial statements as an expense nor is the
corresponding revenue recorded. Revenue earned prior to the signing of the time
charters is classified as preoperating revenue. 

(c) Predelivery Expenses 

Predelivery expenses represent amounts paid by ATC on
behalf of BP Oil to prepare new vessels for operation. These amounts include
the procurement of spare parts, stocking the ship with consumables, certain
payroll expenses, and other costs incurred prior to the ship being ready to
carry crude oil and crew members. These amounts are reimbursed by BP Oil and
are classified as predelivery expenses. 

84 

ALASKA TANKER
COMPANY, LLC 

 Notes to Financial
Statements 

 December 31,
2007 and 2006 

(d) Income Taxes 

The Company is taxed as a partnership, accordingly,
all income taxes are the responsibility of the members. 

(e) Cash 

Cash includes cash in banks and cash held onboard
vessels in Master Cash Accounts. 

(f) Prepaid Expenses 

Prepaid expenses include primarily prepaid payroll and
insurance costs at December 31, 2007 and 2006. 

(g) Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment 

All expenditures for furniture, fixtures and equipment
are reimbursed by BP Oil. Accordingly, the net carrying value of furniture,
fixtures and equipment is zero as of December 31, 2007 and 2006,
respectively. As part of the formation of ATC, BP Oil provided approximately
 853,000 of furniture, fixtures and equipment to the Company for use in the
administration of its operations. The Company has been provided the furniture,
fixtures and equipment from BP Oil for no charge. Additionally, certain
equipment is being leased by the Company under operating leases (note 6). 

(h) New Build Expenses 

The Company incurs certain expenses upon receipt of
new vessels to ensure they meet all safety criteria established by the Company.
These expenses are subject to approval by BP prior to being incurred and are
separately recorded for financial reporting purposes. 

(i) Reclassifications 

Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to
conform to the current year presentation. 

(3) Charter Operations 

ATC was formed to operate vessels that were chartered
to BP Oil in the Alaskan crude oil trade. During 2006, ATC had bareboat
charters for seven vessels. As of December 31, 2007, there were five
remaining bareboat charters. A bareboat charter is a charter in which the owner
leases an unmanned ship for a long period at a rate which covers any
depreciation and a nominal return. The charterer mans, procures all supplies
and provisions, insures, maintains, and repairs the vessel, and pays for all
operating expenses. 

The Company in turn charters the vessels under time
charters to BP Oil. A time charter is a form of charter where the bareboat
charterer leases the vessel and crew to the time charterer for a stipulated
period of time. The charterer pays for the vessels fuel and port charges in
addition to the time charter hire. 

Each of the Company s bareboat charters has a
corresponding time charter with BP Oil covering identical periods. The time
charters contain a basic charter hire payment which is the same as the charter
hire payment required by the corresponding bareboat charter. ATC, as allowed by
the time charters, has assigned the bareboat charter hire payments to be made
directly by BP Oil to the shipowners or other person as designated by the
shipowner. In addition, if a bareboat charter is terminated by the Company, the
termination payment required under the bareboat charter will be paid by BP Oil
pursuant to the corresponding time charter. The time charters also include
supplemental charter hire payments which consist primarily of reimbursement of
the Company s operating expenses. In addition, as discussed below, the time
charters contain a provision for an incentive hire payment. The maximum
incentive hire payment available per vessel for the year ended December 31,
2007 is 2,243,333 (adjusted annually by the consumer price index). 

As ATC is merely an operator of the vessels under the
time charters, the accompanying financial statements reflect only the operating
expenses for the vessels and administration costs as well as the revenues from
BP Oil to fund those operations plus the incentive hire. BP Oil is responsible
for paying all operating costs incurred by ATC. Total bareboat charter payments
made directly by BP Oil to the shipowners, or others as designated, and not
reflected in the accompanying financial statements for the years ended December 31,
2007, 2006 and 2005 were approximately 

85 

ALASKA TANKER
COMPANY, LLC 

 Notes to Financial
Statements 

 December 31,
2007 and 2006 

90,162,000,
 96,510,000 and 86,980,000, respectively. Included in the 2007 amount is
approximately 2,043,000 related to final payments for one ship that was taken
out of service. 

The bareboat and
time charter periods are the same for each individual vessel and expire on
varying dates from 2007 through 2023. 

As noted above,
the time charters between ATC and BP Oil make provisions for the payment of
incentive hire payments. These payments are made upon meeting certain
performance measure parameters as contractually defined in the time charter.
The performance targets and assessment of achievement is agreed upon annually
by the member committee. For the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and
2005, the Company achieved incentive hire payments totaling 15,316,393,
 18,159,823 and 20,884,366, respectively. The amount is shared by the members
of the Company based upon their sharing ratios and is shown as dividends to
members in the accompanying financial statements. Included in the 2007
incentive hire is 4,186,060, related to vessels that were taken out of service
in 2005 and 2006. 

ATC does not own
any vessels nor does it have any options to acquire vessels under the bareboat
charter. 

(4) Accrued Expenses 

Accrued expenses consist of the following at December 31,
2007 and 2006: 

2007 

2006 

Salaries and
 wages 

3,476,367 

1,835,387 

Drydock and
 vessel repairs 

2,200,230 

1,850,465 

Voyage expenses 

878,061 

924,641 

Administrative
 expenses 

1,303,038 

1,343,747 

Retirement and
 medical plans 

481,894 

828,187 

Other 

1,872,421 

2,733,980 

Total 

10,212,011 

9,516,407 

Included in
drydock and vessel repairs are customs charges totaling approximately
 1,500,000 at December 31, 2007 and 2006. 

(5) Severance Costs 

The Company
reduced its fleet size in 2005 and as a result, 16 employees were given
severance packages. Termination benefits were communicated to the affected
employees prior to year-end. This reduction primarily impacted certain shore
staff, masters and chief mates. Employee severance costs primarily included
severance benefits and notice pay. Severance costs of approximately 0,
 421,000 and 2,282,000 were expensed in 2007, 2006, and 2005, respectively, of
which approximately 0 is included in other accrued expenses at December 31,
2007. 

The following table displays a rollforward of accruals
established for restructuring: 

Severance and
 related costs: 

Accrual at
 December 31, 2005 

1,226,786 

2006 charges 

327,670 

2006 amounts
 paid 

(1,452,456 

Accrual at
 December 31, 2006 

102,000 

2007 amounts
 paid 

(102,000 

Accrual at
 December 31, 2007 

86 

ALASKA TANKER
COMPANY, LLC 

 Notes to Financial
Statements 

 December 31,
2007 and 2006 

(6) Commitments and Contingencies 

(a) Operating Leases 

The Company leases
certain office space, equipment and vehicles under noncancelable operating
lease agreements. The lease terms vary as do the Company s renewal options.
Expenses related to the leases totaled approximately 353,000, 456,000 and
 526,000 for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005,
respectively. Future annual lease payments are summarized as follows: 

Year ending December 31: 

2008 

324,887 

2009 

288,026 

2010 

296,355 

2011 

301,948 

2012 

311,008 

Thereafter 

509,265 

2,031,489 

(b) Contingencies 

We are currently a party to various claims and legal
proceedings in addition to those noted above. If management believes that a
loss arising from these matters is probable and can reasonably be estimated, we
record the amount of the loss, or the minimum estimated liability when the loss
is estimated using a range, and no point within the range is more probable than
another. As additional information becomes available, any potential liability
related to these matters is assessed and the estimates are revised, if
necessary. Based on currently available information, management believes that
the ultimate outcome of these matters, individually and in the aggregate, will
not have a material adverse effect on our financial position or overall trends
in results of operations. However, litigation is subject to inherent
uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings could occur. If an unfavorable ruling
were to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on the
financial position and results of operations of the period in which the ruling
occurs, or future periods. 

(7) 401(k) Plan 

The Company has a defined contribution plan with 401(k) provisions
covering all full-time employees other than those subject to collective
bargaining with a union and independent contractors. Employees become eligible
upon completion of one year of employment, 1,000 hours of service and age 21.
Eligible employees may contribute in increments of 1 of eligible compensation,
depending on their eligibility, subject to certain Internal Revenue Service
(IRS) imposed limitations. The Company will match each dollar of employee
savings with 0.75 up to a maximum of 6 of eligible compensation. The Company
may, in its sole discretion, change the percentage of its contribution on a
prospective basis. The employee contributions are always 100 vested. In 2005,
the Company s contributions were vested upon completion of five years of
service. Effective January 1, 2006, Company contributions to the 401(k) plan
are vested upon the completion of three years of service. For the years ended December 31,
2007, 2006 and 2005, the Company contributed approximately 168,000, 158,000
and 173,000, respectively. 

(8) Retirement Plans 

The Company offers a
defined benefit plan and a postretirement benefit plan for its employees. 

(a) Adoption of SFAS No. 158 

In September 2006, the FASB issued FASB Statement
No. 158, Employers Accounting for Defined Benefit
Pension and Other Postretirement Plans an amendment of FASB Statements No. 87,
88, 106 and 132(R) , (SFAS No. 158), which requires employers to
fully recognize the funded status of single-employer defined benefit pension,
retiree healthcare and other postretirement plans in their financial
statements, recognize as a component of other comprehensive income, net of tax,
the gains or losses and prior service costs or credits that arise during the
period but are not recognized as components of net periodic costs, measure
defined benefit plan 

87 

ALASKA TANKER
COMPANY, LLC 

 Notes to Financial
Statements 

 December 31,
2007 and 2006 

assets and obligations as of the date of the Company s
fiscal year-end statement of financial position, and disclose in the notes to
financial statements additional information about certain effects on net
periodic benefit cost for the next fiscal year that arise from delayed
recognition of the gains or losses, prior service costs or credits, and
transition asset or obligation. The requirement of SFAS No. 158 to
recognize the funded status of a benefit plan and the disclosure requirements
was effective as of December 31, 2007. The Company has historically used a
December 31 measurement date. 

The Company adopted SFAS No. 158 in the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2007 and the adoption of this accounting
pronouncement resulted in 3,087,384 in accumulated other comprehensive loss in
members equity (deficit), a 9,606 decrease in total assets and a 3,077,778
increase in total liabilities to record unamortized losses related to the
postretirement benefit plan. These losses occurred due to the reduction in the
discount rate in prior years and the increase in benefits that arise when
participants meet the eligibility requirements. These unamortized losses will
be reclassified to the statement of operations over the estimated remaining
years to retirement of the participants. 

This accounting change
does not allow retroactive application. 

The following is the
incremental effect of applying SFAS No. 158 on individual line items in
the balance sheet at December 31, 2007. 

Before 

After 

application of 

application of 

SFAS. No. 158 

Adjustments 

SFAS. No. 158 

Other assets,
 net 

935,824 

(9,606 

926,218 

Total assets 

32,906,206 

(9,606 

32,896,600 

Other
 liabilities, net 

3,533,203 

3,077,778 

6,610,981 

Total
 liabilities 

32,806,206 

3,077,778 

35,883,984 

Accumulated
 other 

comprehensive
 loss 

(3,087,384 

(3,087,384 

Total members 
 equity (deficit) 

100,000 

(3,087,384 

(2,987,384 

(b) Defined Benefit Pension Plan 

The Company maintains a noncontributory defined
benefit pension plan (the Plan) for substantially all of its employees.
Employees become eligible upon completion of one year of employment. The
Company s current funding policy is to contribute the net periodic pension cost
accrued each year, to the extent it falls between the minimum required and
maximum tax deductible contribution for the year. The Company s annual pension
contribution is based on independent actuarial computations. 

The Company terminated the Plan effective December 31,
2005 subject to IRS approval. As a result any benefit credits that otherwise
would have been earned after 2005 were eliminated. This resulted in a plan
curtailment and the unrecognized prior service cost being fully amortized at December 31,
2005. 

Additionally, the Company maintained a supplemental
noncontributory defined benefit pension plan (Supplemental Plan). Together with
the Plan, the Supplemental Plan provided benefits for certain employees who
exceed allowable amounts under the Plan. This Plan was terminated as of December 31,
2005 and a curtailment and settlement resulted. Any remaining benefits were
transferred to a supplemental capital appreciation plan. 

88 

ALASKA TANKER
COMPANY, LLC 

 Notes to Financial
Statements 

 December 31,
2007 and 2006 

The following are the
amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss that have not yet been
recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. 

2007 

2006 

Net loss 

9,606 

9,606 

Amounts recognized in
accumulated other comprehensive loss are as follows: 

2007 

2006 

Adjustment to
 initially apply SFAS No.158: 

Net loss 

9,606 

9,606 

The estimated net loss that will be amortized from
accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic benefit cost over the
next fiscal year is 0. 

The following is a
breakdown of certain aggregate components of the Plan at December 31, 2007
and 2006 (measurement date of the Plan is December 31): 

2007 

2006 

Projected
 benefit obligation 

(4,938,802 

(4,858,453 

Fair value of
 plan assets 

5,865,020 

5,757,532 

Funded status 

926,218 

899,079 

Accumulated
 benefit obligation 

(4,938,802 

(4,858,453 

Amounts recognized in the
balance sheets at December 31: 

2007 

2006 

Noncurrent assets 

926,218 

775,813 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive 

9,606 

Net amount
 recognized 

935,824 

775,813 

The weighted average
assumptions used to determine the benefit obligation at December 31, 2007
and 2006 are as follows: 

2007 

2006 

Discount rate 

6.00 

6.00 

Expected
 long-term rate of return on 

8.00 

8.00 

Rate of increase
 in future compensation levels 

89 

ALASKA TANKER
COMPANY, LLC 

 Notes to Financial
Statements 

 December 31,
2007 and 2006 

The following is a
breakdown of aggregate pension benefits for the years ended December 31,
2007, 2006 and 2005: 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Pension benefit
 (cost) 

160,011 

184,326 

(1,304,905 

Employer
 contribution 

1,200,000 

Benefits paid 

(243,944 

(2,014,292 

(422,189 

The weighted average
assumptions used to determine the net benefit (cost) for the years ended December 31,
2007, 2006 and 2005 are as follows: 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Discount rate 

6.00 

5.75 

6.00 

Expected
 long-term rate of return on plan assets 

8.00 

8.00 

8.00 

Rate of increase
 in future compensation levels 

5.50 

The Company s overall expected long-term rate of
return on assets is 8 . The expected long-term rate of return is based on the
portfolio as a whole and not on the sum of the returns on individual asset
categories. The return is based exclusively on historical returns without
adjustments. 

Plan Assets 

The Plan s assets are invested to maximize returns and
minimize risk to the participants in the Plan. This strategy also involves
monitoring investment allocations to ensure appropriate diversification of
assets and performance. The Company has established targeted asset allocations
for the Plan. These targets do not represent strict requirements, but are
intended as general guidelines. The targeted allocation percentages are: fixed
income 60 and equities 40 . 

The Plan s asset
allocation at December 31, 2007 and 2006, by asset category are as
follows: 

Plan assets at December 31 

2007 

2006 

Mutual funds 
 equities 

51 

40 

Mutual funds 
 fixed income 

15 

48 

Corporate debt
 instruments 

2 

U.S. government
 securities 

9 

2 

Interest-bearing
 cash 

25 

8 

Total 

100 

100 

Cash Flows 

The Company expects to contribute 0 to the Plans in
2008. 

The Plan s assets will be distributed to participants
upon IRS and Pension Benefit Guarantee Corporation approval of the Plan s
termination. The Company expects such approvals to occur during 2007. Benefit
payments will be made as terminated employees request payouts prior to the
final distribution. The distribution will be approximately 4,950,000 when the
termination occurs. 

90 

ALASKA TANKER COMPANY, LLC 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2007 and 2006 

(c) Postretirement Plan 

The Company has a
postretirement medical and life insurance plan (the Postretirement Plan)
that provides benefits to shore-based employees and nonunion licensed deck
officers at least 55 years of age with 10 years or more of service as defined. 

The
following are the amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss that have not
yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. 

2007 

2006 

Net loss 

2,848,846 

Net prior service cost 

228,932 

3,077,778 

Amounts
recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss are as follows 

2007 

2006 

Adjustment to initially apply SFAS No.158: 

Net loss 

2,848,846 

Net prior
 service cost 

228,932 

3,077,778 

The estimated net loss
that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net
periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year is 320,000. 

The
following is a breakdown of certain aggregate components of the Postretirement
Plan at December 31, 2007 and 2006 (measurement date of the Postretirement
Plan is December 31): 

2007 

2006 

Projected benefit obligation 

(6,803,364 

(6,369,658 

Fair
 value of plan assets 

Funded status 

(6,803,364 

(6,369,658 

Accumulated
 benefit obligation 

(6,803,364 

(6,369,658 

Amounts
recognized in the balance sheets at December 31: 

2007 

2006 

Current
 liabilities 

(192,383 

(151,564 

Noncurrent
 liabilities 

(6,610,981 

(2,774,443 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive income 

3,077,778 

Net amount recognized 

(3,725,586 

(2,926,007 

Unrecognized prior
service costs are attributed to participants qualified to be participants in
prior plans sponsored by the members of the Company. 

91 

ALASKA TANKER COMPANY, LLC 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2007 and 2006 

The
following is a breakdown of postretirement benefits for the years ended December 31,
2007, 2006 and 2005: 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Benefit
 cost 

1,005,842 

1,044,059 

691,088 

Employer
 and employee contributions 

237,065 

212,469 

121,889 

Benefits
 paid 

206,263 

185,910 

105,997 

The
weighted average assumptions used to determine the benefit obligation as of December 31,
2007 and 2006 are as follows: 

2007 

2006 

Discount
 rate 

6.00 

6.00 

The
weighted average assumptions used to determine the net benefit cost for the
years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 are as follows: 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Discount
 rate 

6.00 

5.75 

6.00 

The Company determines
the discount rate based on Moody s Aa bonds. 

Healthcare cost trend
rates for 2007 were increased to 9 , decreasing yearly by 1 to 5 in 2012. A
1 increase in the assumed healthcare cost trend would increase the benefit
cost by 123,841 and the benefit obligation by 1,152,458. A 1 decrease in the
assumed healthcare cost trend would reduce the benefit cost by 98,575 and the
benefit obligation by 935,602. 

Cash Flows 

The Company expects to
make benefit payments of approximately 192,000 to the Postretirement Plan in
2008. 

The
following benefit payments, which reflect expected future services, as
appropriate, are expected to be paid by the Postretirement Plan: 

2008 

192,383 

2009 

220,230 

2010 

245,992 

2011 

273,675 

2012 

310,227 

2013 2017 

1,968,620 

(9) Related-Party Transactions 

The Company s revenues
are derived primarily from time charter hire revenues received from BP Oil. For
the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, BP Oil billed the
Company approximately 10,981,000, 461,000 and 6,496,000, respectively, for
bunker fuel and 1,091,000, 236,000 and 558,000, respectively, for technical
and engineering services, consumable lube products, vetting inspections, and
lay-up services. 

The Company received
accounting and administrative support from Keystone Shipping (KS), an affiliate
of Keystone through September 30, 2006. KS charged the Company, on a
monthly basis, for the services provided at agreed-upon 

92 

ALASKA TANKER COMPANY, LLC 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2007 and 2006 

billing rates. For the
years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, KS billed the Company
approximately 14,000, 387,000 and 448,000, respectively, for services
provided. 

93 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM 9A(T). CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES 

(a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 

As of
the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, an evaluation
was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Partnership s
management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial
Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of
the design and operation of the Partnership s disclosure controls and
procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). 
Based on that evaluation, the Partnership s management, including the
CEO and CFO, concluded that the Partnership s current disclosure controls and
procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
the Partnership in the reports the Partnership s files or submits under the
Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the
time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and
forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Partnership s management,
including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. This Annual Report does not include a report of management s
assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an
attestation report of the Partnership s registered public accounting firm due
to a transition period established by rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission for newly public companies. 

(b) Changes in internal control over financial reporting 

There have been no
material changes in the Partnership s internal controls or in other factors
that could materially affect these controls during the period covered by this
Annual Report. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

PART III 

ITEM 10.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

OSG America LLC, as the general partner of OSG America
L.P., manages our operations and activities. Unitholders are not entitled to elect the directors of
our general partner or directly or indirectly participate in our management or
operation. 

Because we are a limited partnership, the listing
standards of the New York Stock Exchange do not require our general partner to
have a majority of independent directors or a nominating/corporate governance
or compensation committee. 

We are managed and operated by the directors and
officers of our general partner. All of our operating personnel are employees
of an affiliate of our general partner. The President of our general partner,
Jonathan P. Whitworth, allocates his time between managing our business and
affairs and the business and affairs of OSG. Mr. Whitworth is a Senior
Vice President of OSG. The amount of time Mr. Whitworth allocates between
our business and the businesses of OSG varies from time to time depending on
various circumstances and needs of the businesses, such as the relative levels
of strategic activities of the businesses. 

Officers
of our general partner and those individuals providing services to us or our
subsidiaries may face a conflict regarding the allocation of their time between
our business and the other business interests of OSG. Our general partner
intends to seek to cause its officers to devote as much time to the management
of our business and affairs as is necessary for the proper conduct of our
business and affairs. 

94 

The
following table provides information regarding the directors and executive
officers of our general partner. Directors are elected for one-year terms. 

Name 

Age 

Position 

Morten Arntzen 

52 

Chairman of the
 Board 

Jonathan P.
 Whitworth 

41 

President, Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

Myles R. Itkin 

60 

Chief Financial
 Officer and Director 

Robert E.
 Johnston 

60 

Director 

Kathleen C.
 Haines 

53 

Director 

James G. Dolphin 

40 

Director 

Steven T. Benz 

56 

Director 

Morten Arntzen is Chairman of the Board of Directors of our general
partner and has served as such since the inception of our general partner in May 2007.
Mr. Arntzen has also served as President, Chief Executive Officer and a
Director of OSG since January 2004. Prior to joining OSG, Mr. Arntzen
was employed in various capacities by American Marine Advisors, Inc.
(AMA), a U.S. based merchant banking firm specializing in the maritime
industry, from 1997 to 2004, most recently serving as Chief Executive Officer. 

Jonathan P. Whitworth is President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director
of our general partner and has served as such since the inception of our
general partner in May 2007. Mr. Whitworth has also served as Senior
Vice President and Head of U.S. Flag Strategic Business Unit of OSG since November 2006,
which he joined in connection with OSG s acquisition of Maritrans Inc.
Prior to joining OSG, Mr. Whitworth served as President and Chief Executive
Officer of Maritrans Inc. from May 2004. Prior to joining
Maritrans Inc., Mr. Whitworth served from 2000 to May 2004 as
Managing Director of Teekay Shipping (USA), Inc., with responsibility for
business development, customer relations and sales for North and South America.
Mr. Whitworth holds a Chief Officer s license from the U.S. Coast Guard
and sailed on U.S. flag tankers in the international trade before starting his
shoreside career. 

Myles R. Itkin is Chief Financial Officer and a Director of our
general partner and has served as such since the inception of our general
partner in May 2007. Mr. Itkin has also served since 2006 as
Executive Vice President of OSG (Senior Vice President from 1995 through 2006)
and since 1995 as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of OSG. 

Robert E. Johnston is a Director of our general partner and has served
as such since the inception of our general partner in May 2007. Mr. Johnston
has also served since September 2005 as Senior Vice President and Head of
Shipping Operations of OSG, with responsibility for all technical management of
OSG s international flag and U.S. flag fleets. Prior to that, Capt. Johnston
served as Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer of OSG since October 1998. 

Kathleen C. Haines is a Director and chairs our audit committee and
serves on our conflicts committee and our corporate governance committees. Ms. Haines
currently serves as Chief Executive Officer of the transition company created
following the sale of OMI Corporation (OMI), a 2.2 billion (assets)
U.S.-based international shipping company. During her 18 year tenure at
OMI, Ms. Haines served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
and Treasurer since August 2000. 

James G. Dolphin is a Director and chairs our conflicts committee and
serves on our corporate governance committee and audit committee. Mr. Dolphin
is Managing Director and President of AMA Capital Partners LLC (AMA), a New
York based boutique merchant bank focused on the transportation industry. Mr. Dolphin
concentrates on mergers and acquisitions and strategic advisory work at AMA and
also serves on the investment committees of the firm s private equity funds. He
was involved in the creation of Oceania Cruises and served on its board, audit
committee and executive committee for four years until its sale to the private
equity firm Apollo. Prior to joining AMA, Mr. Dolphin was a Principal in
the management consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton, leading the global maritime
practice. 

Steven T. Benz is a Director and chairs our corporate governance
committee and serves on our conflicts committee and audit committee. Mr. Benz
is Chief Executive Officer and President of Marine Spill Response Corporation
(MSRC) a 450 million (assets) not-for-profit environmental company
dedicated to the cleanup of petroleum and chemical spills by marine
transportation companies and has served in that capacity for more than five
years. 

95 

Meetings and Committees of the Board
of Directors 

Meetings 

OSG
America LLC s board of directors BOD did not meet during fiscal 2007.
During fiscal 2007, one Audit Committee meeting was held and attended by all
Committee members. 

Audit Committee 

OSG
America LLC has a standing Audit Committee consisting of Ms. Haines
(Chairman) and Messrs. Benz and Dolphin. The Audit Committee met once in
2007. During a full year of operations, the Audit Committee is required to meet
four times annually. The members of the Audit Committee must be independent. The
board of directors of OSG America LLC has determined that all members of the
Audit Committee are independent within the meaning of the listing standards of
the New York Stock Exchange and the applicable rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission. In addition, the board of directors of OSG America LLC has
determined that all members of the Audit Committee are financially literate and
that Ms. Haines is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning
of the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The members of the
Audit Committee are appointed annually by the BOD. 

The
BOD has adopted a formal charter under which the Audit Committee operates. The
charter governs the duties, responsibilities and conduct of the Audit
Committee. 

The
primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee are to assist the BOD in
overseeing (1) the quality and integrity of our financial statements and
the financial reporting process, (2) compliance with legal and regulatory
requirements, (3) the qualifications, independence and performance of our
independent registered public accounting firm, and (4) the effectiveness
of our internal audit function and adequacy of our internal controls. The Audit
Committee has the sole authority to appoint, retain and terminate our
independent registered public accounting firm, which reports directly to the
Audit Committee. 

The Audit Committee has established procedures for the
receipt, retention and treatment of complaints we receive regarding accounting,
internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential,
anonymous submission by our employees of concerns regarding questionable
accounting or auditing matters. 

Corporate
Governance Committee 

OSG
America LLC has a standing Corporate Governance Committee consisting of Messrs. Benz
(Chairman) and Dolphin and Ms. Haines. The Corporate Governance Committee
did not meet in 2007 and is not required to meet annually. 

The
BOD has adopted a formal charter under which the Corporate Governance Committee
operates. The charter governs the duties, responsibilities and conduct of the
Corporate Governance Committee. 

The
Corporate Governance Committee, among other tasks, (1) makes
recommendations to the BOD as to the size of the BOD and the composition of its
committees, (2) oversees the evaluation of the BOD and its committees, (3) develops,
recommends to the BOD, reviews and updates the corporate governance principles,
policies and practices and independence standards and monitors compliance, (4) oversees
director compensation and administers the OSG America L.P. 2007 Omnibus
Incentive Compensation Plan, and (5) shapes the corporate governance of
the Partnership. 

Conflicts Committee 

OSG
America LLC has a standing Conflicts Committee consisting of Messrs. Dolphin
(Chairman) and Benz and Ms. Haines. The Conflicts Committee did not meet
in 2007 and is not required to meet annually. 

The
BOD has adopted a formal charter under which the Conflicts Committee operates.
The charter governs the duties, responsibilities and conduct of the Conflicts
Committee. 

The
Conflicts Committee reviews specific matters that the BOD believes may involve
conflicts of interest and takes such other action as may be required under the
terms of our partnership agreement. 

Director Independence 

For
information on director independence, please read Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Policies and Procedures for Approval
of Related Person Transactions 

The
Conflicts Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving any related
person transaction. 

96 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

The
BOD has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics which is an extension of
the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of our affiliate, Overseas Shipholding
Group Inc. OSG for all employees, officers and directors of OSP and all
employees of OSG and its affiliates who provide services to OSP. If any
amendments are made to the code or if OSG America LLC grants any waiver,
including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code that the SEC or the
New York Stock Exchange NYSE requires us to disclose, we will disclose the
nature of such amendment or waiver on our website or in a current report on Form 8-K. 

Corporate Governance Guidelines 

The
BOD has adopted corporate governance guidelines in accordance with the rules of
the New York Stock Exchange. 

Availability of Corporate Governance
Documents 

Copies
of the board committee charters, code of business conduct and ethics and
corporate governance guidelines are available, without charge, on our website
at www.osgamerica.com and in print, free of charge, upon written request to the
Investor Relations, OSG America L.P., Two Harbour Place, 302 Knights Run
Avenue, Suite 1200, Tampa, FL 33602. 

Executive Sessions of the Board of
Directors 

Messrs. Benz
and Dolphin and Ms. Haines, who are non-management directors of OSG
America LLC, meet at regularly scheduled executive sessions without management.
These meetings are chaired by a lead director. 

Communications with Independent
Directors 

Persons
wishing to communicate with our non-management directors may do so by writing
to them at OSG America L.P., c/o Board of Directors, Two Harbour Place, 302
Knights Run Avenue, Suite 1200, Tampa, FL 33602. 

Reimbursement
of Expenses of Our General Partner 

Our
general partner does not receive any management fee or other compensation for
managing us. Our general partner and its other affiliates are reimbursed for
expenses incurred on our behalf. These expenses include all expenses necessary
or appropriate for the conduct of our business and allocable to us, as
determined by our general partner. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our officers and directors, and
persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities,
to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership
with the SEC. Officers, directors and greater than 10 unitholders are required
by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms. 

Based
solely on our review of the copies of such forms we received, or
representations from certain reporting persons that no Form 4s were
required for those persons, we believe that during the fiscal year ended December 31,
2007, all of our officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners
complied on a timely basis with all applicable filing requirements under Section 16(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

97 

REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR FISCAL YEAR 2007 

Management
has primary responsibility for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting, for assessing the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting and for preparation of the consolidated financial
statements of the Partnership. The Partnership s independent registered public
accounting firm is responsible for performing an independent audit of the
Partnership s consolidated financial statements in accordance with auditing
standards generally accepted in the United States. The Audit Committee s
responsibility is to monitor and oversee this process on behalf of the Board of
Directors. The Board has adopted a written Audit Committee Charter which is
posted on the Partnership s website at www.osgamerica.com. 

In
fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the Audit Committee has met and held
discussions with management and the Partnership s independent registered public
accounting firm concerning the quality of the accounting principles, the
reasonableness of significant judgments and the adequacy of disclosures in the
financial statements. Management represented to the Audit Committee that the
Partnership s consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The Audit
Committee reviewed and discussed the consolidated financial statements with
management and the Partnership s independent registered public accounting firm.
The Audit Committee further discussed with the Partnership s independent
registered public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed by
Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61 (Communications with Audit
Committees), as amended. The Audit Committee met once during 2007. The members
of the Audit Committee are considered to be independent because they satisfy
the independent requirements for Board of Directors members prescribed by the
NYSE listing standards and Rule 10A-3 under the 1934 Act. 

The
Partnership s independent registered public accounting firm also provided to
the Audit Committee the written disclosures and letter required by Independence
Standards Board Standard No. 1 (Independence Discussions with Audit
Committees), as amended, and the Audit Committee discussed with the independent
registered public accounting firm their independence and considered the
compatibility of nonaudit services with the registered public accounting firm s
independence. 

Based
upon the Audit Committee s discussions with management and the Partnership s
independent registered public accounting firm, the Audit Committee s review of
the representations of management, the certifications of the Partnership s
chief executive officer and chief financial officer which are required by the
Securities and Exchange Commission and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and the
report and letter of the independent registered public accounting firm provided
to the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of
Directors (and the Board of Directors approved) that the audited consolidated
financial statements referred to above be included in the Partnership s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 for filing
with the SEC. The Audit Committee has also approved the selection of Ernst 
Young LLP as the Partnership s independent registered public accounting firm
for 2008. 

Audit Committee: 

Kathleen C.
 Haines, Chairman 

Steven T. Benz 

James G. Dolphin 

ITEM 11.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive
Compensation 

We and
our general partner were formed in May 2007. Because our Chairman, Mr. Arntzen,
our President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Whitworth and our Chief
Financial Officer, Mr. Itkin, are employees of OSG their compensation is
set and paid by OSG and we reimburse OSG for time they spend on partnership
matters. Officers and employees of our general partner or its affiliates
participate in employee benefit plans and arrangements sponsored by OSG, our
general partner, or their affiliates, including plans that may be established
in the future. 

Compensation
of Directors 

Officers
of our general partner or OSG who also serve as directors of our general
partner do not receive additional compensation for their service as directors.
Each non-management director receives compensation for attending meetings of
the board of directors, as well as committee meetings. Non-management directors
receive a director fee of 30,000 per year as well as a grant of 750 common
units, which vest ratably over three years. Members of the audit, conflicts and
corporate governance committees each receive a committee fee of 5,000 per year
per committee, and the chair of each of these 

98 

committees receives an
additional fee of 5,000 per year for serving in that role. In addition, each
director is reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses in connection with attending
meetings of the board of directors or committees. Each director is fully
indemnified by us for actions associated with being a director. 

The
following table sets forth a summary of the compensation paid to non-employee
directors in 2007: 

Name 

Fees Earned or 
 Paid in Cash 
 )(1) 

Unit 
 Awards 
 )(2) 

Total 
 ) 

Steven T. Benz 

7,065 

607 

7,672 

James G. Dolphin 

7,065 

607 

7,672 

Kathleen C. Haines 

7,065 

607 

7,672 

(1) Consists
of annual Board fees, Board Chairman and committee fees and meeting fees. 

 (2) Unit
awards represent the dollar amount recognized for financial statement reporting
purposes with respect to 2007 for the fair value of restricted units granted in
2007 in accordance with SFAS 123R. Fair value of unit awards is calculated as
the Partnership s initial public offering price. 

Long Term
Incentive Plan 

In
2007, the board of directors of our general partner adopted the OSG America
L.P. 2007 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan ), pursuant to which
directors, officers, employees and consultants of ours and our affiliates,
including OSG and our general partner, who perform services for us are eligible
to receive awards based on, or related to, our common units units ). 

The
Plan is administered by the board of directors of our general partner (the Board ),
who also interprets the Plan and establishes rules and regulations for its
administration. The Board may designate a committee thereof to administer the
Plan and to establish rules and regulations for its administration. The
Plan limits the aggregate number of units that may be delivered pursuant to
awards to 250,000 units. 

The
Plan permits the grant of various types of awards as determined by the Board in
its sole discretion, including options, unit appreciation rights, restricted
units, restricted unit awards, performance units, cash incentive awards and any
other equity-based or equity-related awards. The Board has full power and
authority to determine when and to whom awards will be granted and the amount,
form of payment and other terms and conditions of each award, consistent with
the terms of the Plan. Awards may vary between individuals, between classes of
individuals, by year or on any other basis the Board determines to be
appropriate. Awards may be granted in tandem with other awards, and will be evidenced
by specific award agreements. The Board may amend or waive the terms and
conditions, or accelerate exercisability, of any outstanding award, except that
any amendment or waiver that would materially and adversely impair the rights
of any holder of an outstanding award will require the consent of the holder. 

Under
the Plan, the Board is permitted and authorized to make awards that are
denominated or payable in, valued by reference to, or otherwise based on or
related to our units, including the following: 

Unit Options. The
holders of an option are entitled to purchase a number of units in the future
at a specified exercise price per unit (which will not be less than the fair
market value of a unit on the date of grant of the option, unless otherwise provided)
in such a manner and subject to such terms and conditions as shall be
determined by the Board. The units subject to each option generally vest in one
or more installments over a specified period of service measured from the grant
date of the option. Except as otherwise provided by the award agreement,
options vest with respect to one-third of the units on each of the first three
anniversaries of the date of grant. Options will not be exercisable after the
tenth anniversary of the date of grant. 

Unit Appreciation Rights. A
unit appreciation right is an award that, upon exercise, entitles the holder to
receive all or part of the excess of the fair market value of a unit on the
exercise date over the exercise price established for the unit appreciation
right. The exercise price per unit of unit appreciation right will not be less
than the fair market value of a unit on the date of grant of the unit
appreciation right, unless otherwise provided. Such excess may be paid in
units, cash, other property or a combination thereof, as determined by the
Board in its discretion. Unit appreciation rights vest and become exercisable
in accordance with a vesting schedule established by the Board. 

Restricted Units and RUAs. A
restricted unit is a unit that vests over a period of time and that during such
time is subject to forfeiture. An RUA represents an unfunded and unsecured
promise to deliver units, cash, other property or a 

99 

combination thereof in
accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreement. In general,
restricted units and RUAs may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or
otherwise encumbered. The Board determines the period over which restricted
units (and distributions related to such restricted units) and RUAs granted to
eligible persons will vest and may, for example, base its determination upon
the achievement of specified financial objectives. 

Performance Units. Performance
units give participants the right to receive payments in units, cash, other
property or a combination thereof based solely upon the achievement of certain
performance goals during a specified performance period. Subject to the terms
of the Plan, the performance goals to be achieved during any performance period,
the length of any performance period, the amount of any performance award
granted, the amount of any payment or transfer to be made pursuant to any
performance award and any other terms and conditions of any performance award
is determined by the Board. 

Unit Grants. Units
may be granted that vest in the grantee immediately upon issuance, subject to
any terms and conditions as may be determined by the Board and any limitations
under the Plan. 

Cash Incentive Awards. A
cash incentive award is an award payable to a participant in cash upon the
attainment of performance goals established by the Board. 

Subject
to any applicable law, government regulation and the rules of the New York
Stock Exchange, the Board has the right at any time to amend, modify or terminate
the Plan, or any part of the Plan, from time to time, without unitholder
approval; provided, however, that unitholder approval shall be required for any
amendment that would, subject to certain exceptions: 

increase the maximum number of units for which
awards may be granted under the Plan; 

decrease the exercise price of any option or unit
appreciation right that, at the time of such decrease, has an exercise price
that is greater than the then current fair market value of a unit or cancel, in
exchange for cash or any other award, any such award; or 

change the class of employees or other individuals
eligible to participate in the Plan. 

No
modification, amendment or termination of the Plan may be made that would
materially and adversely affect the rights of any participant that has been
granted awards under the Plan, without the consent of such participant, unless
otherwise provided by the Board in the applicable award agreement. 

In
addition, the Board may at any time amend or terminate any outstanding award
without approval of a participant; provided, however, that no such amendment or
termination may be made that would materially and adversely impair the rights
of any participant or holder of any award, without the consent of the
participant or holder. 

Any
units subject to any award that expires or is terminated, cancelled or
forfeited without the delivery of units will be available for future awards
under the Plan. The units issuable under the Plan may be units issued by us,
acquired by us on the open market, acquired by us from any other person, or a
combination of the foregoing. 

The
Board may make adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria
included in, awards in recognition of unusual or non-recurring events affecting
us or our affiliates. In addition, unless otherwise provided for in the
applicable award agreement, in the event of a change of control (unless
provision is made in connection with the change of control for the assumption
or substitution of outstanding awards), all outstanding awards shall
immediately vest and be deemed exercisable and all restrictions shall lapse as
of immediately prior to such change of control. The acceleration of vesting in
the event of a change in control may be seen as an anti-takeover provision and
may have the effect of discouraging a merger proposal, a takeover attempt or
other efforts to gain control of us. 

Unless
earlier discontinued or terminated by the Board, the Plan will expire on the
tenth anniversary of its date of adoption. No awards may be made after that
date. However, unless otherwise expressly provided in an applicable award
agreement, any award granted under the Plan prior to expiration may extend
beyond the end of such period through the award s normal expiration date. 

Our
executive officers did not receive long-term incentive plan rewards in 2007. 

100 

ITEM 12.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED
SECURITYHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets
forth the beneficial ownership of units of OSG America Partners L.P. as of February 28,
2008 held by beneficial owners of 5 or more of the units, by each of the
directors and executive officers of our general partner, and by all directors
and executive officers of our general partner as a group. The address for all
beneficial owners is 666 Third Avenue, 5th Floor, New York, New
York 10017, except for Mr. Whitworth, whose address is Two Harbour
Place, 302 Knights Run Avenue, Suite 1200, Tampa, Florida 33602. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 

Common 
 Units 

of 
 Common 
 Units 

Subordinated 
 Units 

of 
 Subordinated 
 Units 

of 
 Total 
 Common and 
 Subordinated 
 Units 

Overseas
 Shipholding Group, Inc.(1)(2) 

7,500,000 

50.0 

15,000,000 

100.0 

75.0 

Morten Arntzen 

0 

0 

Jonathan P.
 Whitworth 

13,000 

0 

Myles R. Itkin 

0 

0 

Robert E.
 Johnston 

10,000 

0 

Kathleen C.
 Haines 

750 

0 

James G. Dolphin 

750 

0 

Steven T. Benz 

8,150 

0 

All executive
 officers, directors and director nominees as a group (7 persons)(3) 

32,650 

0 

Less than 1 

(1) Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc., or
OSG, is the ultimate parent company of OSG Bulk Ships, Inc., OSGAMLP One
Percent Interest Corporation and OSG Ship Management, Inc. and therefore
may be deemed to beneficially own the 7,500,000 common units and 15,000,000
subordinated units, in aggregate, held by OSG Bulk Ships, Inc., OSGAMLP
One Percent Interest Corporation and OSG Ship Management, Inc. 

(2) Excludes the 2 general partner interest
held by our general partner, a wholly owned subsidiary of OSG. 

(3) Excludes units owned by OSG, on the board
of which serves a director of our general partner, Morten Arntzen. In addition
Jonathan P. Whitworth, our general partner s Chief Executive Officer, President
and a Director, is OSG s Senior Vice President and Head of U.S. Flag Strategic
Business Unit, Myles R. Itkin, our general partner s Chief Financial
Officer and a Director, is OSG s Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer and Treasurer and Robert E. Johnston, a Director of our general
partner, is Senior Vice President and Head of Shipping Operations of OSG. 

The following table sets
forth, as of February 28, 2008, the number of shares of common stock of
OSG, the ultimate parent company of our general partner, owned by each of the
directors and executive officers of our general partner and all directors and
executive officers of our general partner as a group. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 

Shares of 
 Common Stock 

of 
 Common Stock 

Morten
 Arntzen(1) 

368,557 

1 

Jonathan P.
 Whitworth(2) 

12,538 

Myles R. Itkin(3) 

47,286 

Robert E.
 Johnston(4) 

42,869 

Kathleen C.
 Haines 

0 

James G. Dolphin 

0 

Steven T. Benz 

0 

All executive
 officers, directors and director nominees as a group (7 persons) 

471,250 

Less than 1 

(1) Includes 244,833 shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of stock options. 

101 

(2) Includes 4,823 shares of common stock
issuable upon the exercise of stock options. 

(3) Includes 26,823 shares of common stock
issuable upon the exercise of stock options. 

(4) Includes 21,723 shares of common stock issuable
upon the exercise of stock options. 

ITEM 13.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

OSG, the owner of our
general partner, owns 7,500,000 common units and 15,000,000 subordinated units,
representing a 73.5 limited partner interest in us. In addition, our general
partner, a wholly owned subsidiary of OSG, owns a 2 general partner interest
in us and all of the incentive distribution rights. 

Distributions
and Payments to our General Partner and Its Affiliates 

We generally distribute
98 to unitholders (including OSG, the owner of our general partner and the
holder of 7,500,000 common units and 15,000,000 subordinated units) and make
the remaining 2 to our general partner. If distributions exceed the 0.375 per
unit minimum quarterly distribution and other higher target levels, our general
partner, as the holder of the incentive distribution rights, is entitled to
increasing percentages of the distributions, up to 50 of the distributions
above the highest target level. We refer to the rights to the increasing
distribution as incentive distribution rights . Please read Cash Distribution
Policy Incentive Distribution Rights in Item 5 of this report. Assuming we
have sufficient available cash to pay the full minimum quarterly distribution
on all of our outstanding units for four quarters, but no distributions in
excess of the full minimum quarterly distribution, our general partner would
receive an annual distribution of approximately 0.9 million on its 2 
general partner interest and OSG would receive an annual distribution of
approximately 33.8 million on its common units and subordinated units. 

Our general partner does
not receive a management fee or other compensation for the management of our
partnership. Our general partner and its other affiliates are entitled to
reimbursement for all direct and indirect expenses they incur on our behalf. In
addition, we and certain of our operating subsidiaries (and any of our future
operating subsidiaries may) pay fees to certain subsidiaries of OSG for
strategic consulting, advisory, ship management, technical and administrative
services. Our general partner will determine the amount of these reimbursable
expenses and will negotiate these fees. These reimbursed expenses totaled
approximately 2.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2007. 

If our general partner
withdraws or is removed, its general partner interest and its incentive
distribution rights will either be sold to the new general partner for cash or
converted into common units, in each case for an amount equal to the fair
market value of those interests. 

Upon our liquidation, the
partners, including our general partner, will be entitled to receive
liquidating distributions according to their respective capital account
balances. 

Omnibus
Agreement 

Upon the completion of
our initial public offering, we entered into an omnibus agreement with OSG and
our general partner. The following discussion describes provisions of the
omnibus agreement. 

Noncompetition 

Under the omnibus
agreement, OSG agrees, and will cause its controlled affiliates (other than us,
our general partner and our subsidiaries) to agree, not to engage in or acquire
or invest in any business that provides marine transportation, distribution and
logistics services in connection with the transportation of crude oil and
refined petroleum products by water between points in the United States to
which the U.S. coastwise laws apply, to the extent such business generates
qualifying income for federal income tax purposes. This restriction will not
prevent OSG or any of its controlled affiliates (other than us and our
subsidiaries) from: 

engaging in, or acquiring or investing in any business with the approval
of the conflicts committee of our general partner; 

continuing any business conducted by OSG or any of its subsidiaries at the
time of completion of our initial public offering; 

102 

owning, operating or chartering any Jones Act product carriers and barges
acquired if OSG has first offered us the opportunity to acquire such Jones Act
product carriers and barges and related charters, subject to negotiation of a
purchase price, and our general partner, with the approval of the conflicts
committee, has elected not to acquire such Jones Act product carriers and
barges; 

entering into any arrangement for the construction of newbuild Jones Act
product carriers and barges and chartering such newbuild Jones Act product
carriers and barges to a third party not affiliated with OSG and, upon delivery
of any such Jones Act tank vessel, owning, operating or chartering such Jones
Act tank vessel. However, at least 180 days prior to the scheduled delivery
date of any such Jones Act tank vessel, OSG must offer to transfer such Jones
Act tank vessel and related charters to us, subject to negotiation of a
purchase price; 

owning, operating or chartering any Jones Act product carriers and barges
that relate to a bid or award for a proposed Jones Act project that OSG or any
of its subsidiaries has submitted or hereafter submits or receives. However, at
least 180 days prior to the scheduled delivery date of any such Jones Act
product carrier and/or barge, OSG must offer to transfer such Jones Act product
carrier and/or barge and related charters to us, subject to negotiation of a
purchase price; 

owning, operating or chartering Jones Act product carriers and barges
subject to the offers to us described in the immediately preceding three
paragraphs pending our general partner s determination whether to accept such
offers and pending the closing of any offers we accept; 

acquiring, operating or chartering Jones Act product carriers and barges
and related charters if our general partner has previously advised OSG that the
board of directors of our general partner has elected, with the approval of its
conflicts committee, not to cause us or our subsidiaries to acquire or operate
such Jones Act product carriers and barges and related charters; 

providing ship management services for Jones Act product carriers and
barges; or 

acquiring up to a 9.9 equity ownership, voting or profit participation
interest in any publicly-traded company that engages in, acquires or invests in
any business that owns, operates or charters Jones Act product carriers and
barges. 

If OSG or any of its
controlled affiliates (other than us or our subsidiaries) owns, operates or
charters Jones Act product carriers and barges pursuant to any of the
exceptions described above, it may not subsequently expand that portion of its
business other than pursuant to those exceptions. 

If OSG or its affiliates
no longer control our general partner or there is a change of control of OSG,
our general partner or OSG, respectively, may terminate the noncompetition
provisions of the omnibus agreement. 

Options to Acquire Additional Jones Act Vessels 

Under the omnibus
agreement, OSG granted to us options to purchase up to six newbuild articulated
tug barges ATBs scheduled for delivery from Bender between late 2008 and
late 2010 and to acquire from OSG the right to bareboat charter up to two
newbuild product carriers and up to two newbuild shuttle tankers from Aker,
scheduled for delivery between late 2009 and early 2011. The options with
respect to the purchase of ATBs and the rights to bareboat charter newbuild
product carriers will be exercisable prior to the first anniversary of the
delivery of each vessel. The exercise of any of the options will be subject to
the negotiation of the terms and conditions of transfer and the purchase price. 

The purchase price would
be determined according to a process in which, within 45 days after our
notification that we wish to exercise the option, OSG would propose to our
general partner the terms on which it would be willing to transfer the relevant
vessel(s) to us. Within 45 days after receiving OSG s proposed terms, we
would propose a purchase price, which may be any combination of cash and
outstanding partnership units for the vessel(s). If we and OSG cannot agree on
a purchase price after negotiating in good faith for 50 days, then we and
OSG will negotiate in good faith for a further 10-day period to agree on a
cash-only purchase price for the vessel(s). If we and OSG cannot agree on a cash
only purchase price after negotiating in good faith for 10 days, OSG would
have the right to seek an alternative purchaser willing to pay at least 101 of
the purchase price we proposed. If an alternative transaction on such terms has
not been consummated within six months, we would have the right for 45 days to
purchase the vessel(s) at the price we originally proposed. 

103 

To fund the exercise of
an option, we would be required to use cash from operations, incur borrowings
or raise capital through the sale of debt or additional equity securities. Our
ability to obtain bank financing or to access the capital markets for future
offerings may be limited by our financial condition at the time of any such
financing or offering, as well as by adverse market conditions. Incurring
additional debt may significantly increase our interest expense and financial
leverage and issuing additional equity securities may result in significant
unitholder dilution and would increase the aggregate amount of cash required to
meet our minimum quarterly distribution to unitholders. 

Rights of First Offer on Jones Act Vessels 

Under the omnibus
agreement, we granted to OSG a right of first offer on any proposed sale,
transfer or other disposition of any of our Jones Act product carriers and
barges owned, operated or chartered by us or any of our subsidiaries, whether
or not such vessels were acquired pursuant to the terms of the omnibus
agreement or otherwise. Likewise, OSG agreed to grant a similar right of first
offer to us for any Jones Act product carriers and barges it or its
subsidiaries (other than us or our subsidiaries) might own from time to time.
These rights of first offer will not apply to a sale, transfer or other
disposition of vessels between any affiliated subsidiaries, or pursuant to the
terms of any charter or other agreement with a charter party. 

Prior to engaging in any
negotiation regarding any vessel disposition we or OSG, as the case may be,
will deliver a written notice to the other party setting forth the material
terms and conditions of the proposed transaction. During the 60-day period
after the delivery of such notice, we and OSG will negotiate in good faith to
reach an agreement on the transaction. If we do not reach an agreement within
such 60-day period, we or OSG, as the case may be, will be able within the next
180 days to sell, transfer or dispose of the vessel to a third party (or
to agree in writing to undertake such transaction with a third party) on terms
generally no less favorable to us or OSG, as the case may be, than those
offered pursuant to the written notice. 

If OSG or its affiliates
no longer control our general partner or there is a change of control of OSG,
our general partner or OSG, respectively, may terminate these rights of first
offer provisions of the omnibus agreement. 

Indemnification 

Under the omnibus
agreement, OSG indemnifies us for a period of five years after our initial
public offering against certain environmental and toxic tort liabilities to the
extent arising prior to the completion date of our initial public offering and
relating to our assets and liabilities as of the completion of our initial
public offering. Liabilities resulting from a change in law after the completion
of this offering are excluded from the environmental indemnity. 

OSG will also indemnify
us for liabilities related to certain: 

defects in title to the assets contributed to us and any failure to obtain
certain consents and permits necessary to conduct our business, which
liabilities arise within three years after our initial public offering; and 

income tax liabilities attributable to the operation of the assets
contributed to us prior to the time that they were contributed. 

There is an aggregate cap
of 10 million on the amount of indemnity coverage provided by OSG for
environmental and toxic tort liabilities. With certain limited exceptions, no
claim may be made under the environmental indemnity unless the aggregate dollar
amount of all claims exceeds 500,000, in which case OSG is liable for claims
only to the extent such aggregate amount exceeds 500,000. 

Amendments 

The omnibus agreement may
not be amended without the prior approval of the conflicts committee of the
board of directors of our general partner if the proposed amendment will, in
the reasonable discretion of our general partner, adversely affect holders of
our common units. 

Management
Agreement 

We entered into a
management agreement with OSG Ship Management, Inc. OSGM ), pursuant to
which OSGM will provide certain commercial and technical management services to
us in respect of the vessels in our fleet. In the event that we purchase or
bareboat charter additional vessels, OSGM will also extend the commercial and
technical management services provided pursuant to the management agreement to
those additional vessels. These services will be provided in a commercially
reasonable manner in accordance with customary ship management practice and
under our direction. OSGM 

104 

will provide these
services to us directly but may subcontract for certain of these services with
other entities, including other OSG subsidiaries. 

The management services
will include, among other things: 

the commercial and technical management of the vessel: managing day-to-day vessel operations including negotiating, executing and
administering charters and other contracts with respect to employment of the
vessels, monitoring payments thereunder, ensuring regulatory compliance,
arranging for the vetting of vessels, providing competent personnel to
supervise the maintenance and general efficiency of the vessels, arranging and
supervising drydockings, repairs, alterations and the upkeep of the vessels to
the required standards, arranging the supply of necessary stores, spares,
water, lubricating oils and greases, procuring and arranging for port entrance,
clearance and agency services, appointing counsel and handling and negotiating
the settlement of all claims in connection with the operation of each vessel,
appointing adjusters and surveyors and technical consultants as necessary,
issuing voyage instructions and providing technical support, 

vessel maintenance and crewing: including supervising the maintenance and general efficiency of vessels,
and ensuring the vessels are in seaworthy and good operating condition,
selecting and engaging qualified officers and crew, ensuring compliance with the
law of the vessels flag regarding crew manning levels, qualifications and
certifications arranging for all training, transportation, board and lodging of
the crew and negotiating the settlement and payment of all wages, 

purchasing and insurance: purchasing stores, supplies and parts for vessels and arranging insurance
for vessels (including marine hull and machinery insurance, protection and
indemnity insurance and war risk and oil pollution insurance). 

We pay a fee to OSGM for
such services that represent the reimbursement of the reasonable cost of any
direct and indirect expenses it incurs in providing such services, plus an
amount equal to four percent of the payroll cost of all the crew who serve on
the vessels that are subject to the management agreement. 

Under the management
agreement, neither we nor OSGM is liable for failure to perform any of our or
its obligations, respectively, under the management agreement by reason of any
cause beyond our or its reasonable control. 

In addition, OSGM has no
liability for any loss arising in the course of the performance of the
commercial and technical management services under the management agreement
unless and to the extent that such loss is proved to have resulted solely from
the gross negligence or willful default of OSGM or its employees, agents or
subcontractors, in which case (except where such loss resulted from OSGM s
intentional personal act or omission, or recklessly and with knowledge that
such loss would probably result) OSGM s liability will be limited for each
incident or series of related incidents. 

We have also agreed,
under the management agreement, to indemnify OSGM and its employees, agents and
subcontractors against all actions which may be brought against them in
connection with their performance of the management agreement and against and
in respect of all costs and expenses they may suffer or incur due to defending
or settling such action, provided however that such indemnity excludes any or
all losses which may be caused by or due to the gross negligence or willful
default of OSGM or its employees, agents or subcontractors. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

We entered into an
administrative services agreement with OSGM, pursuant to which OSGM provides
certain administrative management services to us, unless the provision of those
services by OSGM would materially interfere with OSG s operations. 

The administrative
services include: 

bookkeeping, audit and accounting services: assistance with the maintenance of our corporate books and records,
assistance with the preparation of our tax returns and arranging for the
provision of audit and accounting services; 

legal and insurance services: arranging for the provision of legal, insurance and other professional
services and maintaining our existence and good standing in necessary
jurisdictions; 

105 

administrative and clerical services: assistance with office space, arranging meetings for our common
unitholders pursuant to the partnership agreement, arranging the provision of
IT services, providing all administrative services required for subsequent debt
and equity financings and attending to all other administrative matters
necessary to ensure the professional management of our business; 

banking and financial services: providing cash management including assistance with preparation of
budgets, overseeing banking services and bank accounts, arranging for the
deposit of funds, negotiating loan and credit terms with lenders and monitoring
and maintaining compliance therewith; 

advisory services: assistance
in complying with United States and other relevant securities laws; 

client and investor relations: arranging for the provision of, advisory, clerical and investor relations
services to assist and support us in our communications with our common
unitholders; and 

integration services: integration
of any acquired businesses. 

We reimburse OSGM for
reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with the provision of
these services within 15 days after OSGM submits to us an invoice for such
costs and expenses, together with any supporting detail that may be reasonably
required. 

Under the administrative
services agreement, we have agreed to indemnify OSGM and its employees against
all actions which may be brought against them under the administrative services
agreement including, without limitation, all actions brought under the
environmental laws of any jurisdiction, and against and in respect of all costs
and expenses they may suffer or incur due to defending or settling such
actions; provided, however, that such indemnity excludes any or all losses
which may be caused by or due to the fraud, gross negligence or willful
misconduct of OSGM or its employees or agents. 

Indemnification
Agreements 

We entered into
indemnification agreements with each officer and director of our general
partner. Each of these agreements, subject to certain limitations, require us
to indemnify each indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by our partnership
agreement. This means, among other things, that we must indemnify the
indemnitee against expenses (including attorneys fees and related
disbursements) actually and reasonably incurred in connection with, and
judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement of an action, suit,
claim or proceeding arising out of the fact that such person is or was an
officer or director of our general partner, or is or was serving at our general
partner s request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another entity
if such person meets the standard of conduct provided in our partnership
agreement. Also as permitted under our partnership agreement, the
indemnification agreements require us to advance expenses in defending such an
action, provided that the indemnitee undertakes to repay any amounts so
advanced if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to be
indemnified by us. We will also make each indemnitee whole for taxes imposed on
the indemnification payments and for costs in any action to establish such
person s right to indemnification, whether or not wholly successful. 

Agreements
Governing Bareboat Charters from Aker 

We, OSG and Aker have
entered into, or will enter into, various agreements governing the operation of
the Jones Act product carriers and shuttle tankers, in respect of which OSG has
granted us options to acquire the right to bareboat charter from Aker, in the
event we do not exercise those options. See Business Bareboat Charters from
Aker of Our Newbuilds Profit Sharing and Business Bareboat Charters from Aker
of Our Newbuilds Pooling Agreement. 

Director Independence 

Under our Corporate
Governance Guidelines, which incorporate the standards established by the New
York Stock Exchange, the BOD must consist of at least three independent
directors. As determined by the BOD, three of the seven members of the BOD have
been determined to be independent under the Corporate Governance Guidelines
because no relationship was identified that would automatically bar them from
being characterized as independent, and any relationships identified were not
so material as to impair their independence. The BOD annually reviews
relationships that directors may have with the Partnership to make a
determination of whether there are any material relationships that would
preclude a director from being independent. 

106 

ITEM 14.
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
Audit Committee has appointed Ernst Young LLP as independent registered
public accounting firm for the Partnership for the year 2008. Ernst 
Young LLP is a well known and well qualified firm of public accountants. 

Audit Fees. Audit fees incurred by the Partnership to
Ernst Young LLP in 2007 for professional services rendered for the
audit of the Partnership s annual financial statements for the year ended December 31,
2007, the review of the financial statements included in the Partnership s Form
10-Q, as well as those services that only the independent registered public
accounting firm reasonably could have provided and services associated with
documents filed with the SEC and other documents issued in connection with
securities offerings, were 286,000. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees incurred by the Partnership
to Ernst Young LLP in 2007 for accounting consultations related to
accounting, financial reporting or disclosure matters not classified as Audit
services , assistance with preparation of the registration statement and
carve-out financial statements relating to the Partnership s initial public
offering, and assistance with internal control reporting requirements, were 0. 

All Other Fees. During 2007, no services were performed
by, or fees incurred to, Ernst Young LLP other than as described above. 

107 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) 

The following
 consolidated financial statements of the Partnership are filed in response to
 Item 8. 

Report of Independent
 Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

Consolidated Balance
 Sheet at December 31, 2007 and Predecessor Combined Carve-Out Balance
 Sheet as of December 31, 2006. 

Consolidated Statement
 of Operations for the period November 15, 2007 to December 31, 2007
 and Predecessor Combined Carve-Out Statements of Operations for the period
 January 1, 2007 to November 14, 2007 and the years ended
 December 31, 2006 and 2005. 

Consolidated Statement
 of Cash Flows for the period November 15, 2007 to December 31, 2007
 and Predecessor Combined Carve-Out Statements of Cash Flows for the period
 January 1, 2007 to November 14, 2007 and the years ended
 December 31, 2006 and 2005. 

Consolidated Statement
 of Changes in Partners Capital for the period November 15, 2007 to
 December 31, 2007 and Predecessor Combined Carve-Out Statements of
 Changes in Stockholders Deficiency for the period January 1, 2007 to
 November 14, 2007 and the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005. 

Notes to Consolidated
 and Predecessor Combined Carve-Out Financial Statements. 

(a)(2) 

Schedules of the
 Partnership have been omitted since they are not applicable or are not
 required. 

(a)(3) 

The following exhibits
 are included in response to Item 15(b): 

1.1 

Underwriting
 Agreement dated as of November 8, 2007 by and between OSG America LLC,
 OSG Bulk Ships, Inc., OSGAMLP One Percent Interest Corporation, OSG Ship
 Management, Inc., and Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc, and the
 Underwriters party thereto (filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant s
 Current Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.1 

Amended and
 Restated Certificate of Limited Partnership of OSG America L.P. dated
 August 9, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
 Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration
 No. 333-145341), as filed on August 10, 2007 and amended thereafter
 (the Registration Statement )). 

3.2 

Amended and
 Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of OSG America L.P. dated as of
 November 15, 2007 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current
 Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and
 incorporated herein by reference). 

3.3 

Certificate of
 Formation of OSG America LLC dated May 14, 2007 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registration Statement). 

108 

3.4 

Amended and Restated
 Limited Liability Company Agreement of OSG America LLC dated as of
 November 15, 2007 (filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the Registrant s Current
 Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and
 incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1 

Senior Secured
 Revolving Credit Facility Agreement dated as of November 15, 2007 among
 OSG America Operating Company LLC, the Registrant, the other subsidiaries of
 the Registrant party thereto as guarantors, the lenders party thereto, ING
 Bank N.V., London Branch as facility agent, security trustee and issuing
 lender and ING Bank N.V., London Branch and DnB NOR Bank ASA as mandated lead
 arrangers and bookrunners (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s
 Current Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.2 

Amended and Restated
 Contribution, Conveyance and Assumption Agreement dated as of
 November 15, 2007 among OSG Bulk Ships, Inc., OSG Ship
 Management, Inc., OSGAMLP One Percent Interest Corporation, OSG America
 LLC, the Registrant and OSG America Operating Company LLC (filed as
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

10.3 

Omnibus Agreement dated
 as of November 15, 2007 among Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc., OSG
 America LLC and the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the
 Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 September 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.4 

Management Agreement
 dated as of November 15, 2007 among OSG Ship Management, Inc., the
 Registrant and the subsidiaries of the Registrant party thereto (filed as
 Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

10.5 

Administrative Services
 Agreement dated as of November 15, 2007 between OSG Ship
 Management, Inc. and the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the
 Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 September 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.6.1 

Director and Officer
 Indemnity Agreement Morten Arntzen dated May 14, 2007 (filed as
 Exhibit 10.6.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

10.6.2 

Director and Officer
 Indemnity Agreement Jonathan P. Whitworth dated May 14, 2007 (filed as
 Exhibit 10.6.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

10.6.3 

Director and Officer
 Indemnity Agreement Myles R. Itkin dated May 14, 2007 (filed as
 Exhibit 10.6.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

10.6.4 

Director and Officer
 Indemnity Agreement Robert E. Johnston dated May 14, 2007 (filed as
 Exhibit 10.6.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

10.6.5 

Director and Officer
 Indemnity Agreement Kathleen C. Haines dated November 9, 2007 (filed
 as Exhibit 10.6.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q
 for the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

10.6.6 

Director and Officer
 Indemnity Agreement James G. Dolphin dated November 9, 2007 (filed as
 Exhibit 10.6.6 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

10.6.7 

Director and Officer
 Indemnity Agreement Steven T. Benz dated November 9, 2007 (filed as
 Exhibit 10.6.7 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

10.7 

OSG America L.P. 2007
 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the 

109 

Registrant s Current
 Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and
 incorporated herein by reference). 

21 

List
 of subsidiaries of the registrant. 

23 

Consent
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm of the registrant. 

23.1 

Consent
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm of Alaska Tanker Company,
 LLC. 

31.1 

Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and
 15d-14(a), as amended. 

31.2 

Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and
 15d-14(a), as amended. 

32 

Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

NOTE: 

Instruments authorizing
 long-term debt of the Registrant and its subsidiaries, where the amounts
 authorized thereunder do not exceed 10 of total assets of the Registrant on
 a consolidated basis, are not being filed herewith. The Registrant agrees to
 furnish a copy of each such instrument to the Commission upon request. 

(1) 

The
 Exhibits marked with one asterisk ) are a management contract or a
 compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit. 

(2) 

The
 Exhibits which have not previously been filed or listed are marked with two
 asterisks ). 

110 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

OSG
 AMERICA L.P. 

by
 OSG America LLC, its general partner 

/s/
 Jonathan P. Whitworth 

Jonathan
 P. Whitworth 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on
the dates indicated: 

Name 

Date 

/s/ Morten Arntzen 

March 12, 2008 

Morten Arntzen 

Chairman of the Board 

/s/ Jonathan P. Whitworth 

March 12, 2008 

Jonathan P. Whitworth 

Principal Executive Officer and Director 

/s/ Myles R. Itkin 

March 12, 2008 

Myles R. Itkin 

Principal Financial Officer, 

Principal Accounting Officer and Director 

/s/ Robert E. Johnston 

March 12, 2008 

Robert E. Johnston 

Director 

/s/ Kathleen C. Haines 

March 12, 2008 

Kathleen C. Haines 

Director 

/s/ James G. Dolphin 

March 12, 2008 

James G. Dolphin 

Director 

/s/ Steven T. Benz 

March 12, 2008 

Steven T. Benz 

Director 

111 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

1.1 

Underwriting Agreement
 dated as of November 8, 2007 by and between OSG America LLC, OSG Bulk
 Ships, Inc., OSGAMLP One Percent Interest Corporation, OSG Ship
 Management, Inc., and Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc, and the Underwriters
 party thereto (filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant s Current Report
 on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and
 incorporated herein by reference). 

3.1 

Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Limited Partnership of OSG America L.P. dated
 August 9, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
 Partnership s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration
 No. 333-145341), as filed on August 10, 2007 and amended thereafter
 (the Registration Statement )). 

3.2 

Amended
 and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of OSG America L.P. dated as of
 November 15, 2007 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current
 Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and
 incorporated herein by reference). 

3.3 

Certificate
 of Formation of OSG America LLC dated May 14, 2007 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registration Statement). 

3.4 

Amended
 and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of OSG America LLC dated as
 of November 15, 2007 (filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the Registrant s
 Current Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1 

Senior
 Secured Revolving Credit Facility Agreement dated as of November 15,
 2007 among OSG America Operating Company LLC, the Registrant, the other
 subsidiaries of the Registrant party thereto as guarantors, the lenders party
 thereto, ING Bank N.V., London Branch as facility agent, security trustee and
 issuing lender and ING Bank N.V., London Branch and DnB NOR Bank ASA as
 mandated lead arrangers and bookrunners (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 September 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.2 

Amended
 and Restated Contribution, Conveyance and Assumption Agreement dated as of
 November 15, 2007 among OSG Bulk Ships, Inc., OSG Ship
 Management, Inc., OSGAMLP One Percent Interest Corporation, OSG America
 LLC, the Registrant and OSG America Operating Company LLC (filed as
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

10.3 

Omnibus
 Agreement dated as of November 15, 2007 among Overseas Shipholding
 Group, Inc., OSG America LLC and the Registrant (filed as
 Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

10.4 

Management
 Agreement dated as of November 15, 2007 among OSG Ship
 Management, Inc., the Registrant and the subsidiaries of the Registrant
 party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report
 on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and
 incorporated herein by reference). 

10.5 

Administrative
 Services Agreement dated as of November 15, 2007 between OSG Ship
 Management, Inc. and the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the
 Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 September 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 

112 

10.6.1 

Director and Officer
 Indemnity Agreement Morten Arntzen dated May 14, 2007 (filed as
 Exhibit 10.6.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

10.6.2 

Director
 and Officer Indemnity Agreement Jonathan P. Whitworth dated May 14,
 2007 (filed as Exhibit 10.6.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

10.6.3 

Director
 and Officer Indemnity Agreement Myles R. Itkin dated May 14, 2007
 (filed as Exhibit 10.6.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

10.6.4 

Director
 and Officer Indemnity Agreement Robert E. Johnston dated May 14, 2007
 (filed as Exhibit 10.6.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

10.6.5 

Director
 and Officer Indemnity Agreement Kathleen C. Haines dated November 9,
 2007 (filed as Exhibit 10.6.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

10.6.6 

Director
 and Officer Indemnity Agreement James G. Dolphin dated November 9,
 2007 (filed as Exhibit 10.6.6 to the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

10.6.7 

Director
 and Officer Indemnity Agreement Steven T. Benz dated November 9, 2007
 (filed as Exhibit 10.6.7 to the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

10.7 

OSG
 America L.P. 2007 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as
 Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended September 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by
 reference). 

21 

List of subsidiaries of the registrant. 

23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm of the registrant. 

23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm of Alaska Tanker Company, LLC. 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to
 Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as amended. 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to
 Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as amended. 

32 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

NOTE: 

Instruments
 authorizing long-term debt of the Registrant and its subsidiaries, where the
 amounts authorized thereunder do not exceed 10 of total assets of the
 Registrant on a consolidated basis, are not being filed herewith. The
 Registrant agrees to furnish a copy of each such instrument to the Commission
 upon request. 

113 

(1) 

The
 Exhibits marked with one asterisk ) are a management contract or a
 compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit. 

(2) 

The
 Exhibits which have not previously been filed or listed are marked with two
 asterisks ). 

114 

<EX-21>
 2
 a08-7720_1ex21.htm
 EX-21

Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF OSG AMERICA L.P. 

The
following table lists all subsidiaries of the Registrant and all companies in
which the Registrant directly or indirectly owns a 49 interest, except for
certain companies and subsidiaries which, if considered in the aggregate as a
single entity, would not constitute a significant entity. All of the entities
named below are limited liability companies, unless otherwise noted. 

Company 

Where Organized 

Luxmar
 Tanker LLC 

Delaware 

Maremar
 Tanker LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 192 LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 209 LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 214 LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 242 LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 243 LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 244 LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 252 LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 254 LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 America Operating Company LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 Columbia LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 Courageous LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 Endurance LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 Enterprise LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 Freedom LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 Honour LCC 

Delaware 

OSG
 Independence LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 Intrepid LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 Navigator 

Delaware 

OSG
 Product Tankers I, LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 Product Tankers II, LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 Product Tankers Member LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 Product Tankers, LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 Seafarer LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 Shuttle Tankers Chinook II, LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 Shuttle Tankers Chinook I, LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 Shuttle Tankers Chinook, LLC 

Delaware 

OSG
 Shuttle Tankers Member (Chinook) LLC 

Delaware 

Overseas
 Anacortes LLC 

Delaware 

Overseas
 Boston LLC 

Delaware 

Overseas
 Diligence LLC 

Delaware 

Overseas
 Galena Bay LLC 

Delaware 

Overseas
 Houston LLC 

Delaware 

Overseas
 Integrity LLC 

Delaware 

Overseas
 Long Beach LLC 

Delaware 

Overseas
 Los Angeles LLC 

Delaware 

Overseas
 New Orleans LLC 

Delaware 

Overseas
 New York LLC 

Delaware 

Overseas
 Nikiski LLC 

Delaware 

Overseas
 Philadelphia LLC 

Delaware 

Overseas
 Puget Sound LLC 

Delaware 

Overseas
 Texas City LLC 

Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 a08-7720_1ex23.htm
 EX-23

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the
incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-147290)
pertaining to the OSG America L.P. 2007 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan of
OSG America L.P. of our report dated March 6, 2008 with respect to the
consolidated financial statements of OSG America L.P. and the predecessor
combined carve-out financial statements of OSG America Predecessor, included in
this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2007. 

/s/ Ernst 
 Young LLP 

Certified Public
 Accountants 

Tampa, FL 

March 6, 2008 

</EX-23>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a08-7720_1ex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent
of Independent Auditor 

The Members 

 Alaska Tanker Company,
LLC: 

We consent to the use of
our report dated February 18, 2008, with respect to the balance sheets of
Alaska Tanker Company, LLC as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the related
statements of operations, members equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of
the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2007 included
herein. 

As discussed in note 8 to
the financial statements, the Company adopted the recognition and disclosure
provisions of Statement of Accounting Standards No. 158, Employers Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other
Postretirement Plans, as of December 31, 2007. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

Portland, Oregon 

March 11, 2008 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 a08-7720_1ex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

OSG AMERICA L.P. 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS AMENDED 

I, Jonathan P.
Whitworth, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of OSG America L.P. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
Registrant and we have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is
being prepared; 

b. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

c. Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 

March 12, 2008 

/s/ Jonathan P.
 Whitworth 

Jonathan P. Whitworth 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 a08-7720_1ex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

OSG AMERICA L.P. 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS AMENDED 

I, Myles R. Itkin,
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of OSG America L.P. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
Registrant and we have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is
being prepared; 

b. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

c. Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 

March 12, 2008 

/s/ Myles R. Itkin 

Myles
 R. Itkin 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 a08-7720_1ex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32 

OSG AMERICA L.P. 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 0F
2002 

Each of the
undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of OSG
America LLC (the Company ), the general partner of OSG America L.P. (the Partnership ),
hereby certifies, to the best of his knowledge and belief, that the Form 10-K
of the Partnership for the annual period ended December 31, 2007 (the Periodic
Report accompanying this certification fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and that the information contained in the Periodic
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Partnership. 
This certification is provided solely for purposes of complying with the
provisions of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and is not intended to
be used for any other purpose. 

Date: 

March 12,
 2008 

/s/
 Jonathan P. Whitworth 

Jonathan
 P. Whitworth 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date: 

March 12,
 2008 

/s/
 Myles R. Itkin 

Myles
 R. Itkin 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

