<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20080416_10-K_edgar_data_878079_0000893220-08-001087.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2010408</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>309854</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>255411</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1127967</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000893220-08-001087.hdr.sgml : 20080416
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20080416093928
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000893220-08-001087
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		12
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20080202
FILED AS OF DATE:		20080416
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20080416

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BON TON STORES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000878079
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-DEPARTMENT STORES [5311]
		IRS NUMBER:				232835229
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19517
		FILM NUMBER:		08758904

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2801 E MARKET ST
		CITY:			YORK
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17402-2406
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7177577660

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 2821
		CITY:			YORK
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17405-2821

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 IazzcQA4cYthbNjTtwHnSZb3yTsQB2v6NLlzTUpefnsHWISp2DYm/nh/wXe1+FRg
 tyEvb2CCiJjw4yS6JpBNBA==

 0000893220-08-001087.txt : 20080416

10-K
 1
 w49957e10vk.htm
 FORM 10-K THE BON-TON STORES, INC.

e10vk 

2007 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND
 EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C.
 20549 

Form 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended 

Commission File Number 

February 2, 2008 

0-19517 

2801 East Market Street 

York, Pennsylvania 17402 

(717) 757-7660 

www.bonton.com 

Incorporated in Pennsylvania 

IRS
 No. 23-2835229 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
 Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Name of Each Exchange on Which
 Registered 

Common Stock, .01 par value

The Nasdaq Global Select Stock Market

Securities
 registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
 seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
 Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
 reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
 Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
 all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
 was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
 subject to such filing requirements for the past
 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
 pursuant to Item 405 of
 Regulation S-K 
 is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
 of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or
 information statements incorporated by reference in
 Part III of this
 Form 10-K 
 or any amendment to this
 Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
 accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated
 filer and smaller reporting company in
 Rule 12b-2 
 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated
 filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Non-accelerated
 filer 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Smaller reporting
 company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
 (as defined in
 Rule 12b-2 
 of the Exchange
 Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by
 non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately
 261.9 million as of the last business day of the
 registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter.
 For purposes of this calculation only, the registrant has
 excluded all shares held in the treasury or that may be deemed
 to be beneficially owned by executive officers and directors of
 the registrant. By doing so, the registrant does not concede
 that such persons are affiliates for purposes of the federal
 securities laws.

As of March 28, 2008, there were 14,738,394 shares of
 Common Stock, .01 par value, and 2,951,490 shares of
 Class A Common Stock, .01 par value, outstanding.

DOCUMENTS
 INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the definitive proxy statement for the 2008 Annual
 Meeting of Shareholders (the Proxy Statement are
 incorporated by reference in Part III to the extent
 described in Part III.

The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. operates on a fiscal year, which is
 the 52 or 53 week period ending on the Saturday nearer
 January 31 of the following calendar year. References to
 2007, 2006 and 2005 
 represent the 2007 fiscal year ended February 2, 2008, the
 2006 fiscal year ended February 3, 2007 and the 2005 fiscal
 year ended January 28, 2006, respectively. References to
 2008 represent the 2008 fiscal year ending
 January 31, 2009. 

References to the Company, we, 
 us, and our refer to The Bon-Ton Stores,
 Inc. and its subsidiaries. References to
 Carson s are to the Northern Department Store
 Group acquired by the Company from Saks Incorporated
 Saks effective March 5, 2006. References to
 Elder-Beerman denote The Elder-Beerman Stores Corp.
 and its subsidiaries, which were acquired by the Company in
 October 2003. References to Bon-Ton refer to the
 Company s stores operating under the Bon-Ton and
 Elder-Beerman nameplates. References to Parisian 
 refer to the stores acquired from Belk, Inc. Belk effective October 29, 2006. 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 

Overview 

The Company was founded in 1898 and is one of the largest
 regional department store operators in terms of sales in the
 United States, offering a broad assortment of brand-name fashion
 apparel and accessories for women, men and children as well as
 cosmetics, home furnishings and other goods. We currently
 operate 280 stores in mid-size and metropolitan markets in 23
 Northeastern, Midwestern and upper Great Plains states under the
 Bon-Ton, Bergner s, Boston Store, Carson Pirie Scott,
 Elder-Beerman, Herberger s and Younkers nameplates and,
 under the Parisian nameplate, stores in the Detroit, Michigan
 area, encompassing a total of approximately 26 million
 square feet.

Industry
 Overview 

We compete in the department store segment of the
 U.S. retail industry. Department stores have historically
 dominated apparel and accessories retailing, occupying a
 cornerstone in the U.S. retail landscape for more than
 100 years. Over time, department stores have evolved from
 single unit, family owned, urban locations to regional and
 national chains serving communities of all sizes. The department
 store industry continues to evolve in response to ongoing
 consolidation among merchandise vendors as well as the evolution
 of competitive retail formats mass merchandisers,
 national chain retailers, specialty retailers and online
 retailers.

Merchandise 

Merchandise
 Mix 

Our stores offer a broad assortment of quality, brand-name
 fashion apparel and accessories for women, men and children, as
 well as cosmetics, home furnishings and other goods at moderate
 and better price points. We offer a distinct core merchandise
 assortment, including nationally distributed brands at
 competitive prices and unique product at compelling values
 through our private brands. We further differentiate our
 merchandise assortment with exclusive product from nationally
 distributed brands. The following table illustrates our net
 sales by product category for the

1

last three years (2007 and 2006 include sales of Carson s,
 which the Company acquired effective March 5, 2006):

Merchandise Category

2007

2006

2005

Women s Apparel

26.2

26.4

25.4

Home

17.8

18.3

19.5

Men s Apparel

13.1

13.2

14.0

Cosmetics

12.6

12.4

11.7

Footwear

8.0

7.6

6.6

Accessories

7.9

8.2

8.8

Children s Apparel

6.4

6.0

5.8

Intimate Apparel

4.2

4.2

4.8

Juniors Apparel

3.8

3.7

3.4

Total

100.0

100.0

100.0

Nationally
 Distributed Brands 

Our nationally distributed brand assortment includes many of the
 most well-known and popular labels in the apparel, accessories,
 footwear, cosmetics and home furnishings industries such as
 Calvin Klein, Chanel, Coach, Easy Spirit, Bandolino, B rn,
 Clarks, Est e Lauder, Jones New York, Liz Claiborne, Anne
 Klein II, Nautica, Columbia, Nine West, OshKosh, Ralph Lauren
 and Waterford. We believe these brands enable us to position our
 stores as headquarters for fashion, offering both newness and
 wardrobe staples at competitive prices. We believe that we
 maintain excellent relationships with our merchandise vendors,
 working collaboratively to select the most compelling
 assortments for our customers.

Private
 Brands 

Our exclusive private brands complement our offerings of
 nationally distributed brands and are a key component of our
 overall merchandising strategy. Our private brand portfolio
 includes popular brands such as Studio Works, Living Quarters,
 Relativity, Laura Ashley, Consensus, Cuddle Bear, Ruff Hewn,
 Statements, Breckenridge, Kenneth Roberts and Karen Neuberger
 Home. By providing exclusive fashion products at price points
 that are more attractive than nationally distributed brand
 alternatives, our private brand program creates value for our
 customers and increases our brand exclusiveness, competitive
 differentiation and customer loyalty. Our private brand program
 also presents the opportunity to increase our overall gross
 margin by virtue of the more efficient cost structure inherent
 in the design and sourcing of in-house brands.

Vendor
 Relationships and Sourcing 

Our highly experienced team of buyers has developed
 long-standing and strong relationships with many of the leading
 vendors in the marketplace. Our scale, geographic footprint and
 market leadership make us an important distribution channel for
 leading merchandise vendors to reach their target consumers. We
 believe that our status as a key account to many of our vendors
 serves to strengthen our ability to negotiate for exclusive
 merchandise as well as better pricing terms. We monitor and
 evaluate the sales and profitability performance of each vendor
 and adjust our purchasing decisions based upon the results of
 this analysis.

2

Consistent with industry practice, we receive reimbursement
 allowances from certain of our vendors in support of the
 merchandise sold to us that was marked down or that did not
 allow us to achieve certain margins upon sale to our customers.
 Additionally, we receive advertising allowances and
 reimbursement of certain payroll expenses from some of our
 vendors, which primarily represent reimbursements of specific,
 incremental and identifiable costs incurred to promote and sell
 the vendors merchandise.

Marketing and
 Customer Service 

We are committed to providing our customers with a satisfying
 shopping experience by offering trend-right fashions,
 differentiated product, value and convenience. Critical elements
 of our customer service approach are:

marketing programs designed to promote customer awareness of our
 fashion, quality and value;

customer targeting strategies that foster and strengthen
 long-term relationships;

frequent shopper promotions for our proprietary credit card
 holders; and

knowledgeable, friendly and well-trained sales associates.

Marketing 

Our strategic marketing initiatives develop and enhance our
 brand equity and support our position as a leading shopping
 destination among our target customers. We conduct a
 multi-faceted marketing program, including newspaper
 advertisements and inserts, broadcast advertisements, direct
 mail and in-store events. We use a combination of
 (i) advertising and sales promotion activities to reach and
 build brand image and traffic and (ii) customer-specific
 communications and purchase incentives to drive customer
 spending and loyalty. Both types of marketing efforts focus
 primarily on our target customer of women between the ages of 35
 and 60 with annual household incomes of 55,000 to 125,000,
 with the intention of increasing visit frequency and purchases
 per visit. Additionally, our marketing activities attract a
 broader audience, including juniors, seniors and men. We seek to
 attract new customers and to maintain customer loyalty by
 actively communicating with our customers through the execution
 of targeted marketing facilitated by sophisticated customer
 relationship management capabilities.

Effective communication includes showcasing our hometown
 store tradition. We are focused on important,
 cause-related efforts and events to enhance our connection with
 the communities in which we operate and with the customers we
 serve. These strategic initiatives garner favorable publicity,
 drive traffic and generate incremental sales. Additionally,
 these efforts serve to differentiate us from our competitors.

We maintain an active calendar of in-store events to promote our
 sales efforts. These events include appearances by well-known
 designers and personalities, trunk shows, fashion shows, cooking
 demonstrations and cosmetic makeovers from leading makeup
 artists.

Proprietary
 Credit Card 

Evidencing our customer satisfaction and loyalty is the high
 penetration rate of our proprietary credit card programs that
 are administered by HSBC Bank Nevada, N.A. HSBC ).
 We have over 4.9 million active proprietary credit card
 holders.

3

Our proprietary credit card loyalty programs are designed to
 cultivate long-term relationships with our customers. Loyalty
 programs offer rewards and privileges to all members meeting
 annual purchase requirements. Our targeted loyalty programs
 focus on our most active customers and include marketing
 features such as advanced sales notices and extra savings
 events. Included in our five-year strategic plan is the
 objective to increase proprietary credit card penetration as a
 driver of total sales growth. To achieve this goal, we are
 implementing a new proprietary credit card loyalty program in
 2008.

On July 8, 2005, HSBC purchased the Bon-Ton proprietary
 credit card accounts and the outstanding balances associated
 with those accounts (we refer to this transaction as the
 Credit Card Sale ). As part of the Credit Card Sale,
 Bon-Ton entered into a seven-year marketing and servicing
 agreement with HSBC and a Credit Card Program Agreement (the
 CCPA ), as amended, which sets forth the terms and
 conditions under which HSBC will issue credit cards to
 Bon-Ton s customers. Under the CCPA, we are paid a
 percentage of net credit sales for credit card sales generated
 after July 7, 2005. Prior to our acquisition of
 Carson s, HSBC had acquired Carson s proprietary
 credit card program, and the servicing and marketing agreement
 we have with HSBC was amended to include the Carson s
 proprietary credit card program within the Bon-Ton program.

Customer
 Service 

We maintain a sales force of knowledgeable and well-trained
 sales associates who deliver excellent service to our customers.
 Sales associates are trained in the areas of customer service,
 selling skills and product knowledge. We employ a two-tiered
 strategy to achieve effective customer service. In selected
 areas, we offer
 one-on-one 
 selling with dedicated associates to assist customers with
 merchandise selections. Our customers also appreciate the
 convenience of self-service formats in many departments and
 efficient service centers to expedite their purchases. Our new
 associates receive computer-based training for effective,
 efficient and uniform training. We actively monitor and analyze,
 through our scheduling program, the service levels in our stores
 in order to maximize sales associate productivity and store
 profitability.

Integration of
 Carson s 

Effective March 5, 2006, the Company purchased
 Carson s, adding approximately 15 million square feet
 of retail space.

Shortly after the acquisition, we began the process of
 integrating Carson s into Bon-Ton, which we anticipated
 would span two years. The Company s senior management team,
 which includes a number of former Carson s executives,
 adopted best business practices and defined opportunities for
 profitable growth. One of our goals was and is to implement
 strategic initiatives to drive sales growth. We targeted several
 business categories for incremental sales opportunities,
 building on the merchandising strengths of Bon-Ton and
 Carson s.

In 2006, we achieved significant progress with the integration
 of Bon-Ton and Carson s operations. We achieved a common
 merchandise assortment of both nationally distributed and
 private brands, and a common marketing and sales promotion
 calendar for all of our stores. Additionally, the acquisition of
 Carson s included a significant private brand program upon
 which we built a private brand organization to serve the Company
 as a whole. In 2007, we completed the staffing of this
 organization and successfully expanded certain existing private
 brands into new product categories as well as introduced two new
 private brands.

During 2006, we successfully integrated the majority of the
 Carson s and Bon-Ton systems. Operational areas integrated
 in 2007 principally included the remaining aspects of
 internationally-sourced merchandise purchasing and information
 systems technical support.

4

Competition 

The retail industry is highly competitive and fragmented. We
 face competition for customers from traditional department store
 operators such as Belk, Dillard s, Inc. and Macy s,
 Inc.; national chain retailers such as J. C. Penney Company,
 Inc., Kohl s Corporation and Sears Holdings Corporation;
 mass merchandisers such as Target Corporation and Wal-Mart
 Stores, Inc.; specialty stores; and catalogue and online
 retailers. In addition, we face competition for suitable store
 locations from other department stores, national chain
 retailers, mass merchandisers and other large-format retailers.
 In a number of our markets, we compete for customers with
 national department store chains which offer a similar mix of
 branded merchandise as we do. In other markets, we face
 potential competition from national chains that, to date, have
 not entered such markets and from national chains that have
 stores in our markets but currently do not carry similar branded
 goods. In all markets, we generally compete for customers with
 stores offering moderately priced goods. Many of our competitors
 have substantially greater financial and other resources than we
 do, and many of those competitors have significantly less debt
 than we do and may thus have greater flexibility to respond to
 changes in our industry.

We believe that we compare favorably with our competitors with
 respect to quality, depth and breadth of merchandise, prices for
 comparable quality merchandise, customer service and store
 environment. We also believe our knowledge of and focus on
 mid-size markets, developed over our many years of operation,
 give us an advantage in these markets that cannot be readily
 duplicated. In markets in which we face traditional department
 store competition, we believe that we compete effectively.

Trademarks 

We own or license various trademarks, including our store
 nameplates and private brands. We believe our trademarks and
 trade names are important and that the loss of certain of our
 trademarks or trade names, particularly the store nameplates,
 could have a material adverse effect on us. We are not aware of
 any claims of infringement or other challenges to our right to
 use our marks in the United States that would have a material
 adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results
 of operations, or liquidity.

Information
 Technology and Systems 

Systems 

During 2007, the Company continued its investment in technology
 infrastructure equipment and software focused on improving
 customer services and associate productivity, and in reducing
 operating costs. A three-year program to implement
 Bon-Ton s advanced point-of-sale system in the
 Carson s stores was begun in 2007; to date, 18 stores have
 been completed. All of the Company s private label credit
 and gift card systems were updated to permit card use in any of
 the Company s eight nameplates. A new eCommerce internet
 store was launched in October 2007, positioning the Company to
 greatly expand the assortment of merchandise available to
 customers. Advanced web technologies offer customers efficient
 and easy-to-use features such as optimized product search
 capabilities, and provide us an effective delivery vehicle for
 tailored marketing programs.

Inventory
 Management 

Our merchandising function is centralized, with a staff of
 buyers and a planning and allocation team that have
 responsibility for determining the merchandise assortment,
 quantities to be purchased and allocation of merchandise to each
 store.

We primarily operate on a pre-distribution model through which
 we allocate merchandise on our initial purchase orders to each
 store. This merchandise is shipped from our vendors to our
 distribution facilities for delivery to designated stores. We
 then have the ability to direct

5

replenishment merchandise to the stores that demonstrate the
 highest customer demand. This reactive distribution technique
 helps minimize excess inventory and affords us timely and
 accurate replenishment.

Our distribution facilities are electronically monitored by our
 merchandising staff to facilitate the distribution of goods to
 our stores. We utilize electronic data interchange (EDI)
 technology with most vendors, which is designed to move
 merchandise onto the selling floor quickly and cost-effectively
 by allowing vendors to deliver floor-ready merchandise
 pre-labeled for individual store locations. In addition, we
 utilize high-speed automated conveyor systems to scan bar coded
 labels on incoming cartons of merchandise and direct cartons to
 the proper processing areas. Most of our merchandise is unloaded
 in the receiving area and immediately cross-docked 
 to the shipping dock for delivery to the stores. Certain
 processing areas are staffed with personnel equipped with
 hand-held radio frequency terminals that can scan a
 vendor s bar code and transmit the necessary information to
 a computer to record merchandise on hand. We utilize third-party
 carriers to distribute our merchandise to individual stores.

The majority of our merchandise is held in our stores. We
 closely monitor the inventory levels and assortments in our
 stores to facilitate reorder and replenishment decisions,
 satisfy customer demand and maximize sales. Our business follows
 a seasonal pattern; working capital fluctuates with seasonal
 variations, reaching its highest level in October or November to
 fund the purchase of merchandise inventories prior to the
 holiday season.

We have a customer return policy allowing customers to return
 merchandise with proper documentation. A reserve is provided for
 estimated merchandise returns, based on historical returns
 experience, and is reflected as an adjustment to sales and costs
 of merchandise sold.

Seasonality 

Our business, like that of most retailers, is subject to
 seasonal fluctuations, with the major portion of sales and
 income realized during the second half of each year, which
 includes the back-to-school and holiday seasons. Due to the
 fixed nature of certain costs, our selling, general and
 administrative SG A expenses are typically
 higher as a percentage of net sales during the first half of
 each year. Because of the seasonality of our business, results
 for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results
 that may be achieved for a full year. In addition, quarterly
 results of operations depend upon the timing and amount of
 revenues and costs associated with the opening, closing and
 remodeling of existing stores.

Capital
 Investments 

We make capital investments to support our long-term business
 goals and objectives. We invest capital in new and existing
 stores, distribution and support facilities and information
 technology.

In 2008, we anticipate total capital expenditures, net of
 landlord contributions, of approximately 80 million. As
 part of our focus on continually improving our store base,
 significant capital will be employed for major remodels and
 expansions, and on-going store upgrades. We are focused on
 maintaining the quality of our stores and our brand equity.

In 2008, we plan to open two new stores, expand two stores and
 renovate an existing store.

We believe capital investments for information technology in our
 stores, distribution facilities and support functions are
 necessary to support our business strategies. We are continually
 upgrading our information systems to improve efficiency and
 productivity. Included in the 2008 capital budget are
 significant expenditures for information technology projects.

6

Associates 

As of March 28, 2008, we had approximately
 32,700 full-time and part-time associates. We employ
 additional part-time associates during peak selling periods. We
 believe that our relationship with our associates is good.

Available
 Information 

Our annual report on
 Form 10-K, 
 quarterly reports on
 Form 10-Q, 
 current reports on
 Form 8-K, 
 and amendments to those reports, are available without charge on
 our website, www.bonton.com, as soon as reasonably practicable
 after they are filed electronically with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission SEC ).

We also make available on our website, free of charge, the
 following documents:

Audit Committee Charter

Compensation and Human Resources Committee Charter

Governance and Nominating Committee Charter

Code of Ethical Standards and Business Practices

Executive
 Officers 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding our
 executive officers as of March 28, 2008:

NAME

AGE

POSITION

Tim Grumbacher

68

Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors

Byron L. Bergren

61

President and Chief Executive Officer and Director

Anthony J. Buccina

57

Vice Chairman, President Merchandising

Stephen R. Byers

54

Vice Chairman Stores, Distribution, Real Estate and
 Construction

Edward P. Carroll, Jr.

61

Executive Vice President Sales Promotion and
 Marketing

Dennis R. Clouser

55

Executive Vice President Human Resources

Keith E. Plowman

50

Executive Vice President Finance; Chief Financial
 Officer and Principal Accounting Officer

Barbara J. Schrantz

49

Executive Vice President Stores and Visual

Mr. Grumbacher has been Executive Chairman of the
 Board of Directors since February 2005. He served as Chairman of
 the Board of Directors from August 1991 to February 2005. He was
 Chief Executive Officer from 1985 to 1995 and from June 2000 to
 August 2004. From 1977 to 1989 he was President.

Mr. Bergren has been President and Chief Executive
 Officer since August 2004. Mr. Bergren, who joined the
 Company in November 2003 as Vice Chairman and served as
 President and Chief Executive Officer of Elder-Beerman from
 February 2002 through August 2004, served as Chairman of the
 Southern Division of Belk from 1999 to February 2002, as Partner
 of the Florida Division of Belk from 1992 to 1999, and in senior
 executive positions at Belk from 1985 to 1992.

Mr. Buccina was appointed Vice Chairman,
 President Merchandising in June 2006. He had been
 President and Chief Merchandising Officer of Carson s from
 April 2006 to June 2006. Prior to that time, he had served as
 President Head Merchant of the Northern Department
 Store Group of Saks NDSG for more than five years.

7

Mr. Byers was appointed Vice Chairman 
 Stores, Distribution, Real Estate and Construction in February
 2008. He served as Vice Chairman Stores, Operations,
 Private Brand, Planning Allocation from October 2006
 to February 2008, and as Executive Vice President 
 Stores and Visual Merchandising from April 2006 to October 2006.
 Prior to that time, he had served as Executive Vice President of
 Stores and Visual Merchandising of NDSG since August 2004. He
 held the post of Senior Vice President / Territory
 Director of Stores for Kohl s Corporation between 2000 and
 August 2004.

Mr. Carroll became Executive Vice
 President Sales Promotion and Marketing in April
 2006. Prior to that time, he had served as Executive Vice
 President of Sales Promotion and Marketing of NDSG for more than
 five years.

Mr. Clouser has been Executive Vice
 President Human Resources since April 2006, and
 assumed, in addition, responsibility for Corporate Procurement,
 Corporate Operations and Information Systems in February 2008.
 He served as Senior Vice President Human Resources
 from February 2005 to April 2006 and Vice President 
 Employment and Training from April 2004 to February 2005. For
 more than four years prior to that time, he was Senior Vice
 President Human Resources at Elder-Beerman.

Mr. Plowman has been Executive Vice
 President Finance since April 2006, Chief Financial
 Officer since May 2005 and Principal Accounting Officer since
 June 2003. He served as Senior Vice President 
 Finance from September 2001 to April 2006. Mr. Plowman
 joined the Company in 1997 as Divisional Vice
 President Controller and from May 1999 to September
 2001 he was our Vice President Controller.

Ms. Schrantz has been Executive Vice
 President Stores and Visual since March 2008. Prior
 to that, she served as Senior Vice President 
 Merchandise Planning and Internet Marketing from September 2006
 to February 2008, and as Senior Vice President 
 Product Development and Private Brand from September 2005 to
 August 2006. Before joining the Company, Ms. Schrantz held
 various merchandising posts of increasing responsibility at the
 Proffitts/McRae s division of Saks for more than five years.

Item 1A. 

Risk
 Factors 

Cautionary
 Statements Relating to Forward-Looking Information 

We have made, in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 forward-looking statements relating to developments, results,
 conditions or other events we expect or anticipate will occur.
 These statements may relate to revenues, earnings, store
 openings, business strategy, market conditions and the
 competitive environment. The words believe, 
 may, will, estimate, 
 intend, expect, anticipate, 
 plan and similar expressions as they relate to the
 Company, or future or conditional verbs, such as
 will, should, would, 
 may and could, are intended to identify
 forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based
 on management s then-current views and assumptions and we
 undertake no obligation to update them. Forward-looking
 statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual
 results may differ materially from those projected.

An investment in our securities carries certain risks. Investors
 should carefully consider the risks described below and other
 risks which may be disclosed in our filings with the SEC before
 investing in our securities.

We conduct our
 operations in a highly competitive retail environment which
 could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition and results of operations. 

We compete with other department stores and many other
 retailers, including store-based, mail-order and internet
 retailers. Many of our competitors have significant financial
 and marketing resources. The principal competitive factors in
 our business are price, quality and selection of merchandise,
 reputation, store location, advertising and customer service. We
 cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully
 against existing or future competitors. Our expansion into

8

new markets served by our competitors and the entry of new
 competitors into, or expansion of existing competitors in, our
 markets could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

We may not be
 able to accurately predict customer-based trends and effectively
 manage our inventory levels, which could reduce our revenues and
 adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
 of operations. 

It is difficult to predict what merchandise consumers will want.
 A substantial part of our business is dependent on our ability
 to make correct trend decisions. Failure to accurately predict
 constantly changing consumer tastes, spending patterns and other
 lifestyle decisions, particularly given the long lead times for
 ordering much of our merchandise, could adversely affect our
 long-term relationships with our customers. Our managers focus
 on inventory levels and balance these levels with inventory
 plans and reviews of trends; however, if our inventories become
 too large, we may have to mark down or decrease our
 sales prices, and we may be required to sell a significant
 amount of unsold inventory at discounted prices or even below
 cost.

General economic
 conditions could have an adverse effect on our financial
 condition and results of operations. 

Consumer spending habits, including spending for the merchandise
 that we sell, are affected by, among other things, prevailing
 economic conditions, levels of employment, salaries and wage
 rates, prevailing interest rates and credit terms, housing
 costs, energy costs, income tax rates and policies, inflation,
 consumer confidence and consumer perception of economic
 conditions. In addition, consumer purchasing patterns may be
 influenced by consumers disposable income, credit
 availability and debt levels. A continued or incremental
 slowdown in the United States economy or an uncertain
 economic outlook could adversely affect consumer spending
 habits, resulting in lower net sales and profits, including the
 potential write-down of the current valuation of intangible
 assets and deferred tax assets.

Weather
 conditions could adversely affect our results of
 operations. 

Because a significant portion of our business is apparel sales
 and subject to weather conditions in our markets, our operating
 results may be unexpectedly and adversely affected by inclement
 weather. Frequent or unusually heavy snow, ice or rain storms
 might make it difficult for our customers to travel to our
 stores and thereby reduce our sales and profitability. Extended
 periods of unseasonable temperatures in our markets, potentially
 during our peak seasons, could render a portion of our inventory
 incompatible with those unseasonable conditions, reduce sales
 and adversely affect our business.

Failure to
 successfully maintain and update information technology systems
 and enhance existing systems may adversely affect our
 business. 

To keep pace with changing technology, we must continuously
 provide for the design and implementation of new information
 technology systems as well as enhancements of our existing
 systems. Any failure to adequately maintain and update the
 information technology systems supporting our sales operations
 or inventory control could prevent us from processing and
 delivering merchandise, which could adversely affect our
 business, financial condition and results of operations.

9

Our stock price
 has been and may continue to be volatile. 

The market price of our common stock has been and may continue
 to be volatile and may be significantly affected by:

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results;

announcements of new services by us or our competitors;

developments with respect to conditions and trends in our
 industry;

governmental regulation;

general market conditions; and

other factors, many of which are beyond our control.

Failure to
 maintain key vendor relationships may adversely affect our
 business, financial condition and results of
 operations. 

Our business is dependent to a significant degree upon close
 relationships with our vendors and our ability to purchase brand
 name merchandise at competitive prices and terms. The loss of
 key vendor support could have a material adverse effect on our
 business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
 acquire brand name merchandise at competitive prices or on
 competitive terms in the future. For example, certain
 merchandise that is high profile and in high demand may be
 allocated by vendors based upon the vendors internal
 criteria, which are beyond our control.

Our business is
 seasonal. 

Our business is subject to seasonal influences, with a major
 portion of sales and income historically realized during the
 second half of the fiscal year, which includes the
 back-to-school and holiday seasons. This seasonality causes our
 operating results to vary considerably from quarter to quarter
 and could materially adversely affect the market price of our
 common stock. We must carry a significant amount of inventory,
 especially before the peak selling periods. If we are not
 successful in selling our inventory, especially during our peak
 selling periods, we may be forced to rely on markdowns, vendor
 support or promotional sales to dispose of the inventory or we
 may not be able to sell the inventory at all, which could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
 results of operations.

Our substantial
 debt could adversely affect our financial condition. 

As of February 2, 2008, we had total debt of approximately
 1.2 billion, which is subject to restrictions and
 financial covenants. This could have important consequences to
 our investors. For example, it could:

increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and
 industry conditions;

limit our ability to borrow money or sell equity to fund future
 working capital requirements, capital expenditures, debt service
 requirements and other general corporate requirements;

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow
 from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing our
 ability to use our cash flow for other purposes, including
 capital expenditures;

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes
 in our business and the retail industry;

10

make it more difficult for us to meet our debt service
 obligations in the event there is a substantial increase in
 interest rates because the debt under our senior secured credit
 facility bears interest at fluctuating rates;

restrict our ability to make certain types of investments, pay
 dividends, or sell all of our assets or merge or consolidate
 with another company; and

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our
 competitors that have less debt.

Our ability to service our debt depends upon, among other
 things, our ability to replenish inventory at competitive prices
 and terms, generate sales and maintain our stores. If we do not
 generate sufficient cash from our operations to service our debt
 obligations, we will need to take one or more actions, including
 refinancing our debt, obtaining additional financing, selling
 assets, obtaining additional equity capital, or reducing or
 delaying capital expenditures. We cannot be certain that our
 earnings will be sufficient to allow us to pay the principal and
 interest on our debt and meet our other obligations. Debt under
 our senior secured credit facility bears interest at a floating
 rate, a portion of which is offset by fixed-rate swap
 derivatives. Accordingly, changes in prevailing interest rates
 may affect our ability to meet our debt service obligations. A
 higher interest rate on our debt would adversely affect our
 operating results. If we are unable to meet our debt service
 obligations or if we default in some other manner under our
 credit facilities, our lenders could elect to declare all
 borrowings outstanding, together with accumulated and unpaid
 interest and other fees, immediately due and payable, which
 would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

Our discretion in
 some matters is limited by the restrictions contained in our
 senior secured credit facility and mortgage loan facility
 agreements and in the indenture that governs our senior
 unsecured notes, and any default on our senior secured credit
 facility, mortgage loan facility or the indenture that governs
 the senior unsecured notes could harm our business,
 profitability and growth prospects. 

The agreements that govern our senior secured credit facility
 and mortgage loan facility, and the indenture that governs our
 senior unsecured notes, contain a number of covenants that limit
 the discretion of our management with respect to certain
 business matters and may impair our ability to respond to
 changing business and economic conditions. The senior secured
 credit facility, the mortgage loan facility and the indenture,
 among other things, restrict our ability to:

incur additional debt or issue guarantees of debt;

sell preferred stock;

create liens;

make restricted payments (including the payment of dividends or
 the repurchase of our capital stock);

make certain types of investments;

sell stock in our restricted subsidiaries;

pay dividends or make payments from subsidiaries;

enter into transactions with affiliates; and

sell all or substantially all of our assets or merge or
 consolidate with another company.

Our senior secured credit facility contains financial covenants
 that require us to comply with a minimum excess availability
 requirement. Our ability to borrow funds for any purpose depends
 on our satisfying this requirement.

11

If we fail to comply with any of the financial covenants or the
 other restrictions contained in our senior secured credit
 facility or any future financing agreements, an event of default
 could occur. An event of default could result in the
 acceleration of some or all of our debt. If the debt is
 accelerated, we would not have, and may not be able to obtain,
 sufficient funds to repay our debt, which could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
 of operations.

The loss of the
 outside vendor that operates our proprietary credit card
 programs could have an adverse effect on our
 operations. 

Our proprietary credit card programs are operated, under
 agreements, by HSBC. HSBC issues our proprietary credit cards to
 our customers and we receive a percentage of the net credit
 sales thereunder. If HSBC is unable to provide our proprietary
 credit card programs, or our agreements with HSBC are
 terminated, in either case under circumstances in which we are
 unable to quickly and adequately contract with a comparable
 replacement vendor, our customers who have accounts under our
 proprietary credit card programs will be unable to use their
 cards, which would likely result in a decrease in sales to such
 customers, a loss of the revenues attributable to the payments
 from HSBC, and an adverse effect on customer goodwill, any or
 all of which could have a material adverse effect on our
 business and results of operations.

Our business
 could be significantly disrupted if we cannot retain or replace
 members of our management team. 

Our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued
 contributions of our executive officers and other key personnel,
 both individually and as a group. Our future performance will be
 substantially dependent on our ability to retain or replace our
 key personnel and the inability to retain or replace our key
 personnel could prevent us from executing our business strategy.

Current store
 locations may become less desirable, and desirable new locations
 may not be available for a reasonable price, if at
 all. 

The success of any store depends substantially upon its
 location. There can be no assurance that current locations will
 continue to be desirable as demographic patterns change.
 Neighborhood or economic conditions where stores are located
 could decline in the future, thus resulting in potentially
 reduced sales in those locations. If we cannot obtain desirable
 locations at reasonable prices our cost structure will increase
 and our revenues will be adversely affected.

An inability to
 find qualified domestic and international vendors and
 fluctuations in the exchange rate with countries in which our
 international vendors are located could adversely affect our
 business. 

The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic
 and international vendors. Our ability to find qualified vendors
 and source products in a timely and cost-effective manner,
 including obtaining vendor allowances in support of our
 advertising and promotional programs, represents a significant
 challenge. The availability of products and the ultimate costs
 of buying and selling these products, including advertising and
 promotional costs, are not completely within our control and
 could increase our merchandise and operating costs.
 Additionally, costs and other factors specific to imported
 merchandise, such as trade restrictions, tariffs, currency
 exchange rates and transport capacity and costs, are beyond our
 control and could restrict the availability of

12

imported merchandise or significantly increase the costs of our
 merchandise and adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

Conditions in,
 and the United States relationship with, the foreign
 countries where we source our merchandise could adversely affect
 our business. 

A majority of our merchandise is manufactured outside of the
 United States, primarily in India and the Far East. Political
 instability or other events resulting in the disruption of trade
 from the countries where our merchandise is manufactured or the
 imposition of additional regulations relating to, or duties
 upon, the merchandise we import could cause significant delays
 or interruptions in the supply of our merchandise or increase
 our costs. If we are forced to source merchandise from other
 countries, those goods may be more expensive or of a different
 or inferior quality from the merchandise we now sell. If we are
 unable to adequately replace the merchandise we currently source
 with merchandise produced elsewhere, our business, financial
 condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

A privacy breach
 could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial
 condition. 

The protection of customer, employee, and Company data is
 critical to us. The regulatory environment surrounding
 information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with
 the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing
 requirements. In addition, customers have a high expectation
 that we will adequately protect their personal information. A
 significant breach of customer, employee, or Company data could
 damage our reputation and result in lost sales, fines, or
 lawsuits.

We may pursue
 strategic acquisitions of businesses which may not be completed
 or, if completed, may not be successfully integrated into our
 existing business. 

We may pursue increased market penetration through strategic
 acquisitions. If we are unable to successfully complete
 acquisitions or to effectively integrate acquired businesses,
 our ability to grow our business or to operate our business
 effectively could be reduced, and our business, financial
 condition and operating results could suffer. We also cannot
 provide assurance that we will be able to integrate the
 operations of any future completed strategic acquisitions
 without encountering difficulty regarding different business
 strategies with respect to marketing, integration of personnel
 with disparate business backgrounds and corporate cultures,
 integration of different point-of-sale systems and other
 technology and managing relationships with other business
 partners.

The consummation and integration of any future acquisition
 involve many risks, including the risks of:

diverting management s attention from our ongoing business
 concerns;

being unable to obtain financing on terms favorable to us;

entering markets in which we have no direct prior experience;

improperly evaluating new services, products and markets;

being unable to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures
 and policies;

being unable to integrate new technologies or personnel;

incurring the expenses of any undisclosed or potential
 liabilities; and

the departure of key management and employees.

13

Our pension costs
 could increase at a higher than anticipated rate. 

Significant changes in interest rates, decreases in the fair
 value of plan assets and investment losses on plan assets could
 affect the funded status of our plans and could increase future
 funding requirements of the pension plans. A significant
 increase in future funding requirements could have a negative
 impact on our cash flows, financial condition and results of
 operations.

Tim Grumbacher
 has voting control over matters submitted to a vote of the
 shareholders, and he may take actions that conflict with the
 interests of our other shareholders and holders of our debt
 securities. 

Collectively, as of March 28, 2008, Tim Grumbacher, trusts
 for the benefit of Mr. Grumbacher s grandchildren and
 The Grumbacher Family Foundation beneficially own shares of our
 outstanding common stock (which is entitled to one vote per
 share) and shares of our Class A common stock (which is
 entitled to ten votes per share) representing, in the aggregate,
 approximately 61 of the votes eligible to be cast by
 shareholders in the election of directors and generally.
 Accordingly, Mr. Grumbacher has the power to control all
 matters requiring the approval of our shareholders, including
 the election of directors and the approval of mergers and other
 significant corporate transactions. The interests of
 Mr. Grumbacher and certain other stockholders may conflict
 with the interests of our other shareholders and holders of our
 debt securities.

In addition to
 Mr. Grumbacher s voting control, certain provisions of
 our charter documents and Pennsylvania law could discourage
 potential acquisition proposals and could deter, delay or
 prevent a change in control of the Company that our other
 shareholders consider favorable and could depress the market
 value of our common stock. 

Certain provisions of our articles of incorporation and by-laws,
 as well as provisions of the Pennsylvania Business Corporation
 Law, could have the effect of deterring takeovers or delaying or
 preventing changes in control or management of the Company that
 our shareholders consider favorable and could depress the market
 value of our common stock.

Subchapter F of Chapter 25 of the Pennsylvania Business
 Corporation Law of 1988, which is applicable to us, may have an
 anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent a tender
 offer or takeover attempt that a shareholder might consider in
 his or her best interest. In general, Subchapter F could delay
 for five years and impose conditions upon business
 combinations between an interested shareholder 
 and us, unless prior approval by our Board of Directors is
 given. The term business combination is defined
 broadly to include various merger, consolidation, division,
 exchange or sale transactions, including transactions using our
 assets for purchase price amortization or refinancing purposes.
 An interested shareholder, in general, would be a
 beneficial owner of shares entitling that person to cast at
 least 20 of the votes that all shareholders would be entitled
 to cast in an election of directors.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff
 Comments 

None.

Item 2. 

Properties 

We currently operate 280 stores in 23 states, encompassing
 approximately 26 million square feet. We own 33 stores,
 have ground leases on eight stores, and lease 239 stores.

14

We operate under eight nameplates, as follows:

Nameplate

Stores

States

Bon-Ton

69

Connecticut, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey,
 New York, Pennsylvania, Vermont, West Virginia

Elder-Beerman

65

Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio, West
 Virginia, Wisconsin

Younkers

47

Illinois, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Nebraska, South Dakota,
 Wisconsin

Herberger s

40

Colorado, Iowa, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota,
 South Dakota, Wisconsin, Wyoming

Carson Pirie Scott

33

Illinois, Indiana

Bergner s

13

Illinois

Boston Store

10

Wisconsin

Parisian

3

Michigan

Our corporate headquarters is located in York, Pennsylvania
 where our administrative and sales support functions reside. Our
 merchandising and marketing functions are located in Milwaukee,
 Wisconsin. We own two distribution centers which are located in
 Rockford, Illinois and Green Bay, Wisconsin, and we lease our
 other two distribution centers which are located in Allentown,
 Pennsylvania and Fairborn, Ohio. We have a furniture warehouse
 attached to our Naperville, Illinois store.

On March 28, 2008, we announced the consolidation of the
 merchandise processing functions at the Green Bay, Wisconsin
 facility into our other distribution centers effective May 2008.

Item 3. 

Legal
 Proceedings 

In connection with the acquisition of Carson s, the Company
 assumed liability for the following matter (only to the extent
 it applied to the entities acquired from Saks): The
 Chapter 7 trustee for the bankruptcy estate of
 Kleinert s Inc. filed a complaint against Saks and several
 of its subsidiaries in which the plaintiff, as assignee, alleged
 breach of contract, fraud, and unjust enrichment, among other
 causes of action, and sought compensatory and punitive damages.

The Company and Saks reached a settlement with the plaintiff on
 October 1, 2007. On November 14, 2007, the Court
 entered a final judgment approving the settlement and dismissing
 the plaintiff s claims in their entirety. The outcome of
 this matter had no material effect on the Company s
 financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.

On December 8, 2005, Adamson Apparel, Inc. filed a
 purported class action lawsuit against Saks in the United States
 District Court for the Northern District of Alabama. In its
 complaint the plaintiff asserts breach of contract claims and
 alleges that Saks improperly assessed chargebacks, timely
 payment discounts, and deductions for merchandise returns
 against members of the plaintiff class. The lawsuit seeks
 compensatory and incidental damages and restitution. Under the
 terms of the purchase agreement relating to the acquisition of
 Carson s from Saks, the Company may have an obligation to
 indemnify Saks for any damages incurred by Saks under this
 lawsuit by Adamson Apparel, Inc. solely to the extent that such
 damages relate to the business acquired from Saks.

In addition, the Company is party to legal proceedings and
 claims that arise during the ordinary course of business.

In the opinion of management, the ultimate outcome of any such
 litigation and claims, including the Adamson matter detailed
 above, will not have a material adverse effect on the
 Company s financial condition, results of operations or
 liquidity.

15

Item 4. 

Submission of
 Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

None.

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for the
 Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Stock
 Market (symbol: BONT). There is no established public trading
 market for our Class A common stock. The Class A
 common stock is convertible on a share-for-share basis into
 common stock at the option of the holder. The following table
 sets forth the high and low sales price of our common stock for
 the periods indicated as furnished by Nasdaq:

2007

2006

High

Low

High

Low

1st Quarter

57.66

37.11

34.14

18.88

2nd Quarter

52.72

23.12

29.36

20.22

3rd Quarter

30.64

15.93

38.60

24.02

4th Quarter

16.21

4.01

39.36

31.84

On March 28, 2008, we had approximately
 242 shareholders of record of common stock and four
 shareholders of record of Class A common stock.

We have paid quarterly cash dividends on Class A common
 stock and common stock since July 15, 2003. Pursuant to our
 senior secured credit facility agreement, as amended
 November 20, 2007, any dividends paid may not exceed
 5.0 million in any year or 20.0 million during the
 term of the agreement, which expires March 2011. In addition,
 pursuant to the indenture that governs our senior unsecured
 notes, any dividends paid may not exceed 0.24 per share in any
 year. We paid 0.025 per share on Class A common stock and
 common stock in each quarter of 2006, and 0.05 per share on
 Class A common stock and common stock in each quarter of
 2007. In the first quarter of 2008, we declared a quarterly cash
 dividend of 0.05 per share, payable May 1, 2008 to
 shareholders of record as of April 15, 2008. Our Board of
 Directors will consider dividends in subsequent periods as it
 deems appropriate.

16

STOCK PERFORMANCE
 GRAPH 

The following graph compares the yearly percentage change in the
 cumulative total shareholder return on the Company s common
 stock from February 1, 2003 through February 2, 2008,
 and the cumulative total return on the Center for Research in
 Security Prices Total Return Index for The Nasdaq Stock Market
 (U.S. Companies) and the Nasdaq Retail Trade Stocks Index
 during such period. The comparison assumes 100 was invested on
 February 1, 2003 in the Company s common stock and in
 each of the foregoing indices and assumes the reinvestment of
 any dividends.

DATE

NASDAQ

NASDAQ RETAIL

BON-TON

2/1/03

100.00

100.00

100.00

1/31/04

155.47

146.62

300.48

1/29/05

153.80

175.62

378.99

1/28/06

175.21

190.43

522.22

2/3/07

188.86

209.23

922.95

2/2/08

182.37

185.10

190.82

17

Item 6. 

Selected
 Financial Data 

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

(In thousands except share, per share, comparable stores data
 and number of stores)

Statement of Operations Data (1) (2) (3):

Net sales

3,365,912

100.0

3,362,279

100.0

1,287,170

100.0

1,310,372

100.0

926,409

100.0

Other income

101,747

3.0

93,531

2.8

20,425

1.6

9,251

0.7

5,917

0.6

Gross profit

1,215,781

36.1

1,243,517

37.0

464,999

36.1

479,958

36.6

335,153

36.2

Selling, general and administrative expenses

1,065,753

31.7

1,056,472

31.4

407,145

31.6

415,921

31.7

273,426

29.5

Depreciation and amortization

121,125

3.6

103,189

3.1

27,245

2.1

27,278

2.1

25,634

2.8

Amortization of lease-related interests

4,978

0.1

3,720

0.1

839

0.1

531

0.0

Income from operations

125,672

3.7

173,667

5.2

50,195

3.9

45,479

3.5

42,010

4.5

Interest expense, net

108,165

3.2

107,143

3.2

12,052

0.9

13,437

1.0

9,049

1.0

Income before taxes

17,507

0.5

66,524

2.0

38,143

3.0

32,042

2.4

32,961

3.6

Income tax provision

5,945

0.2

19,641

0.6

12,129

0.9

11,880

0.9

12,360

1.3

Net income

11,562

0.3

46,883

1.4

26,014

2.0

20,162

1.5

20,601

2.2

Per share amounts -

Basic:

Net income

0.70

2.85

1.61

1.27

1.36

Weighted average shares outstanding

16,545,101

16,430,554

16,204,414

15,918,650

15,161,406

Diluted:

Net income

0.68

2.78

1.57

1.24

1.33

Weighted average shares outstanding

17,073,198

16,841,183

16,518,268

16,253,254

15,508,560

Cash dividends declared per share

0.200

0.100

0.100

0.100

0.075

Balance Sheet Data (at end of period)(3):

Working capital

426,451

402,414

143,119

251,122

221,497

Total assets

2,067,631

2,134,799

561,343

646,156

629,900

Long-term debt, including capital leases

1,147,058

1,189,625

42,515

178,355

171,716

Shareholders equity

363,061

346,396

292,094

262,557

239,484

Selected Operating Data:

Total sales change

0.1

161.0

(1.8

41.4

29.9

Comparable stores sales change(4)

(6.5

(2.7

(1.6

0.9

(2.0

Comparable stores data(4):

Sales per selling square foot

117

125

128

135

132

Selling square footage

9,478,000

9,819,000

10,069,000

5,155,000

5,278,000

Capital expenditures

109,659

95,209

28,159

31,523

20,257

Number of stores:

Beginning of year

283

137

141

142

72

Additions(5)

2

147

70

Closings

(5

(1

(4

(1

End of year

280

283

137

141

142

(1)

2006 includes operations of
 Carson s for the period from March 5, 2006 through
 February 3, 2007. 2003 includes operations of Elder-Beerman
 for the period from October 24, 2003 through
 January 31, 2004.

(2)

2006 reflects the 53 weeks
 ended February 3, 2007. All other periods presented include
 52 weeks.

(3)

Certain prior year balances have
 been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.
 These reclassifications did not impact the Company s net
 income for any of the years presented.

(4)

Comparable stores data (sales
 change, sales per selling square foot and selling square
 footage) reflects stores open for the entire current and prior
 fiscal year. 2007 and 2006 comparable stores data does not
 include Carson s stores. Beginning with 2005, comparable
 stores data includes stores of Elder-Beerman.

(5)

Includes the addition of 142 stores
 pursuant to the acquisition of Carson s and four stores
 from Belk during 2006. Includes the addition of 69 stores
 pursuant to the acquisition of Elder-Beerman during 2003.

18

Item 7. 

Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations 

Company
 Overview 

The Company was founded in 1898 and is one of the largest
 regional department store operators in terms of sales in the
 United States, offering a broad assortment of brand-name fashion
 apparel and accessories for women, men and children as well as
 cosmetics, home furnishings and other goods. We currently
 operate 280 stores in 23 states in the Northeast, Midwest
 and upper Great Plains under the Bon-Ton, Bergner s, Boston
 Store, Carson Pirie Scott, Elder-Beerman, Herberger s and
 Younkers nameplates and, under the Parisian nameplate, stores in
 the Detroit, Michigan area, encompassing a total of
 approximately 26 million square feet. The Company had net
 sales of 3.4 billion in 2007.

Effective March 5, 2006, we purchased all of the
 outstanding securities of two subsidiaries of Saks that were
 solely related to the business of owning and operating 142
 retail department stores. The stores are located in
 12 states in the Midwest and upper Great Plains regions and
 operate under the names Carson Pirie Scott, Younkers,
 Herberger s, Boston Store and Bergner s. Under the
 terms of the purchase agreement, we paid approximately
 1.0 billion in cash for Carson s. Carson s
 stores encompass a total of approximately 15 million square
 feet in mid-size and metropolitan markets.

To finance the acquisition and the payoff of our previous
 revolving credit facility, we entered into a new revolving
 credit facility which provides for up to 1.0 billion in
 borrowings, issued 510.0 million in senior unsecured
 notes, and entered into a new mortgage loan facility in the
 aggregate principal amount of 260.0 million.

On October 25, 2006, we entered into an asset purchase
 agreement with Belk, pursuant to which we agreed to purchase
 assets in connection with four department stores, all operated
 under the Parisian nameplate, and the rights to construct a new
 Parisian store, which opened October 18, 2007. The purchase
 price was 25.7 million in cash. In addition, we agreed to
 assume specific liabilities and obligations of Belk and its
 affiliates with respect to the acquired Parisian stores. The
 acquisition of these Parisian stores was effective as of
 October 29, 2006.

We achieved significant progress with the integration of Bon-Ton
 and Carson s operations in 2006, completing scheduled
 phases of the systems integration and permitting a single
 management view of the consolidated operations. Operational
 areas integrated in 2007 principally included the remaining
 aspects of internationally-sourced merchandise purchasing and
 information systems technical support.

We compete in the department store segment of the
 U.S. retail industry. The department store industry
 continues to evolve in response to ongoing consolidation among
 merchandise vendors as well as the evolution of competitive
 retail formats mass merchandisers, national chain
 retailers, specialty retailers and online retailers. Our segment
 of the retail industry is highly competitive, and we foresee
 competitive pressures continuing in the future. In addition, we
 expect the macroeconomic environment to remain challenging in
 the near-term. As such, in 2008 we expect a comparable store
 sales decrease of one to two percent, with a gross margin rate
 consistent with 2007 results.

19

Results of
 Operations 

The following table summarizes changes in our selected operating
 indicators, illustrating the relationship of various income and
 expense items to net sales for each year presented (components
 may not add or subtract to totals because of rounding):

Percent of Net Sales

2007

2006

2005

Net sales

100.0

100.0

100.0

Other income

3.0

2.8

1.6

103.0

102.8

101.6

Costs and expenses:

Costs of merchandise sold

63.9

63.0

63.9

Selling, general and administrative

31.7

31.4

31.6

Depreciation and amortization

3.6

3.1

2.1

Amortization of lease-related interests

0.1

0.1

0.1

Income from operations

3.7

5.2

3.9

Interest expense, net

3.2

3.2

0.9

Income before income taxes

0.5

2.0

3.0

Income tax provision

0.2

0.6

0.9

Net income

0.3

1.4

2.0

2007 Compared to
 2006 

We operate on a fiscal year, which is the 52 or 53 week
 period ending the Saturday nearer January 31 of the following
 calendar year. 2007 consisted of 52 weeks, while 2006
 consisted of 53 weeks. Comparability between the periods is
 also affected by the inclusion of five additional weeks of
 Carson s operations in the first quarter of 2007; the prior
 year period includes Carson s operations following the
 March 5, 2006 acquisition.

Net sales: Net sales in 2007 increased 0.1 to
 3,365.9 million from 3,362.3 million in 2006. The
 total sales increase reflects the inclusion of the five
 additional weeks of sales from Carson s in the first
 quarter of 2007 as well as sales at the acquired Parisian
 stores, partially offset by a reduction for closed stores and
 the inclusion of an additional week of sales in the prior year,
 reflective of the fifty-three week fiscal period. The balance of
 sales in 2007 reflects a Bon-Ton comparable store net sales
 decrease of 6.5 and, for informational purposes only, a
 full-year Carson s comparable store net sales decrease of
 1.6 , which, in total, approximates 112 million.

We believe that the comparable store net sales decline was the
 result of several factors including, among others:

A challenging macroeconomic environment, the result of a weak
 housing market, mortgage and credit market concerns and rising
 energy prices, which has pressured consumer spending.

Unseasonable weather in our geographic regions in April,
 September, October and December, which negatively impacted
 apparel sales.

20

The elimination of the prior year liquidation of non-go-forward
 merchandise in Bon-Ton stores. The quantifiable impact of the
 liquidation sales in the prior year was approximately
 17.5 million in the Home area alone. We believe there were
 incremental sales generated in the prior year from increased
 customer traffic as a result of the liquidation event, the
 effect of which cannot be discretely quantified.

The best performing merchandise categories in the period were
 Children s Apparel, Footwear and Better Sportswear
 (included in Women s Apparel). Children s Apparel
 benefited from increased inventory investment and the
 introduction of new vendors and licensed product. Sales
 increases in Footwear were primarily the result of increased
 inventory investment and the expansion of certain vendors into
 additional stores. Better Sportswear sales increased as
 customers responded favorably to our new and expanded offerings
 of private brand merchandise and key branded vendors.

The poorest performing categories in the period were Home (which
 includes furniture), Moderate Sportswear and Coats (both
 included in Women s Apparel). The sales decrease in Home
 was primarily due to the elimination of the prior year
 liquidation event, the impact of which was particularly
 significant in the second quarter of 2007, and the concerns in
 the housing market. Sales in Coats and Moderate Sportswear were
 adversely impacted by the unseasonable weather. Moderate
 Sportswear was also affected by the decision made by certain of
 our key vendors to exit the moderate sportswear business; the
 Company was unable to develop sufficient new resources to
 mitigate the sales volume erosion in 2007. We expect this sales
 trend in Moderate Sportswear to continue until such time that we
 introduce new resources in the fall of 2008.

Other income: Other income, which includes
 income from revenues received under the CCPA, leased departments
 and other customer revenues, was 101.7 million, or 3.0 of
 net sales, in 2007 as compared to 93.5 million, or 2.8 of
 net sales, in 2006. The increase in dollars was primarily due to
 the inclusion of thirteen weeks of Carson s operations in
 the first quarter of 2007 as compared to eight weeks of
 Carson s post-acquisition operations in the first quarter
 of 2006 and increased revenues received under the CCPA,
 partially offset by the inclusion of an additional week of
 operations in the prior year.

Costs and expenses: Gross margin dollars in
 2007 were 1,215.8 million as compared to
 1,243.5 million in 2006, a decrease of 27.7 million.
 The decrease in gross margin dollars primarily reflects the
 reduced sales volume attributable to the comparable store sales
 decrease and a decrease in the gross margin rate. Gross margin
 as a percentage of sales decreased 0.9 percentage point to
 36.1 in the current year from 37.0 in the prior year. The
 decrease in the gross margin rate reflects the inclusion of
 Carson s sales and markdowns for the first five weeks of
 the current year; this historically clearance-driven period with
 reduced margins was not included in the prior year period.
 Additionally, the gross margin rate was impacted by increased
 net markdowns in the third and fourth quarters of 2007, the
 result of increased promotional activity in response to
 unseasonable weather conditions and the challenging
 macroeconomic environment.

SG A expense in 2007 was 1,065.8 million as compared
 to 1,056.5 million in 2006, an increase of
 9.3 million. The principal factors in the increase in
 SG A expense were the inclusion of five incremental weeks
 of Carson s operations in the first quarter of 2007 as
 compared to the first quarter of 2006 and increases in those
 costs affected by normal inflationary adjustments. These
 increases were partially offset by a reduction in integration
 expenses, increased efficiencies in operations in 2007 and the
 inclusion of an additional week of operations in the prior year.
 The current year expense rate increased 0.2 percentage
 point to 31.7 .

Depreciation and amortization expense and amortization of
 lease-related interests increased 19.2 million, to
 126.1 million, in 2007 from 106.9 million in 2006,
 primarily the result of including thirteen weeks of
 Carson s operations in the first quarter of 2007 as
 compared to eight weeks of Carson s operations in the first
 quarter of 2006 as well as the increased expense associated with
 asset additions. Furthermore, in 2007 we recorded
 4.1 million of asset impairment charges related to the
 reduction in the estimated net realizable value of certain store
 properties and a

21

reduction in the value of two private label brand names, as
 compared to 2.9 million of charges in 2006 for an impaired
 store property and a reduction in the value of duplicate
 information systems software.

Income from operations: Income from operations
 in 2007 was 125.7 million, or 3.7 of net sales, as
 compared to 173.7 million, or 5.2 of net sales, in 2006.

Interest expense, net: Net interest expense in
 2007 was 108.2 million, or 3.2 of net sales, as compared
 to 107.1 million, or 3.2 of net sales, in 2006. The
 1.0 million increase is principally due to the net
 additional weeks of interest expense on debt incurred in
 connection with the acquisition of Carson s compared to
 such interest expense in the prior year, partially offset by a
 prior year charge of 6.8 million for the write-off of fees
 associated with a bridge facility and the early extinguishment
 of previous debt.

Income tax provision: The income tax provision
 reflects an effective tax rate of 34.0 in 2007 as compared to
 29.5 in 2006. Included in the prior year provision is an income
 tax benefit adjustment of 4.1 million principally
 associated with a net reduction in income tax valuation
 allowances.

Net income: Net income in 2007 was
 11.6 million, or 0.3 of net sales, as compared to
 46.9 million, or 1.4 of net sales, in 2006.

2006 Compared to
 2005 

Net sales: Net sales for 2006 increased 161 
 to 3,362.3 million compared to 1,287.2 million in
 the prior year. Net sales include 2,119.1 million from
 Carson s stores for the period March 5, 2006 through
 February 3, 2007 and the acquired Parisian stores for the
 period October 29, 2006 through February 3, 2007.
 Bon-Ton comparable store net sales for the fifty-two week period
 ended January 27, 2007 decreased 2.7 compared to the prior
 year fifty-two week period. We believe that the comparable store
 net sales decline was the result of several factors including,
 among others:

The introduction of a common merchandise assortment across all
 locations, which resulted in significant changes to the
 merchandise mix at the Bon-Ton stores.

The implementation of a common marketing/advertising calendar in
 the second half of 2006, which resulted in less aggressive
 discounting in promotional activity at the Bon-Ton stores. This
 strategy negatively impacted sales while improving the gross
 margin rate.

Events in the automobile industry, which affected sales trends
 in our markets in Ohio, Michigan and Indiana.

Unseasonably warm weather in December, which negatively affected
 apparel sales.

Carson s sales are not included in the Company s
 reported comparable store sales; therefore, the following is
 provided for informational purposes only: For the period
 March 5, 2006 through January 27, 2007, Carson s
 comparable store sales increased 4.3 .

The best performing merchandise categories in 2006 were
 Women s Special Size and Misses Outerwear (both included in
 Women s Apparel), Footwear, Home and Children s
 Apparel. Sales for Women s Special Size reflect increased
 inventory investment. Misses Outerwear sales increased as a
 result of expanded offerings of updated branded product and
 aggressive marketing efforts. Footwear sales increased as
 customers responded favorably to our new and expanded offerings
 in branded casual footwear. The performance in the Home area in
 2006 reflects approximately 17.5 million of incremental
 sales due primarily to the liquidation of merchandise we no
 longer intend to carry. Children s apparel benefited from
 narrowed merchandise assortments, increased emphasis on stronger
 national brands and improved penetration of unique brands. The
 poorest performing merchandise categories in 2006 were Dresses
 (included in Women s Apparel) and Accessories.

22

Sales in Dresses continue to trend downward, and we have reduced
 our inventory investment in this area. Sales decreases in
 Accessories reflected a lack of clearance merchandise as
 compared to the prior year and warm weather in our markets
 during December 2006.

Other income: Other income, which includes
 income from revenues received under the CCPA, leased departments
 and other customer revenues, was 93.5 million, or 2.8 of
 net sales, in 2006 as compared to 20.4 million, or 1.6 of
 net sales, in 2005. The increase was due to the addition of the
 Carson s operations and, commencing in November 2005,
 revenues received under the CCPA recorded in other income rather
 than SG A.

Costs and expenses: Gross margin dollars in
 2006 were 1,243.5 million as compared to
 465.0 million in 2005, an increase of 778.5 million.
 The increase in gross margin dollars reflects the addition of
 the Carson s stores and an increased gross margin rate,
 partially offset by reduced sales volume attributable to the
 comparable store sales decrease and to the four Bon-Ton stores
 closed in January 2006. Gross margin as a percentage of sales
 increased 0.9 percentage point to 37.0 in the current year
 from 36.1 in the prior year. The increase in the gross margin
 rate reflects a 1.6 percentage point decrease, at cost, in
 the net markdown rate, the result of improved sales of regular
 priced goods and less aggressive discounting in our promotional
 activity, partially offset by increased distribution costs.

SG A expense in 2006 was 1,056.5 million as compared
 to 407.1 million in 2005, an increase of
 649.3 million. The principal factors in the increase in
 SG A expense were the addition of the Carson s stores
 and support costs, including the costs associated with the
 transition services agreement with Saks, and integration
 expenses. Integration expenses approximated 15.6 million
 in 2006. The current year expense rate decreased
 0.2 percentage point to 31.4 due to the increased sales
 volume.

Depreciation and amortization expense and amortization of
 lease-related interests increased 78.8 million, to
 106.9 million, in 2006 from 28.1 million in 2005,
 primarily reflecting the addition of depreciation and
 amortization associated with the acquired Carson s
 operations. In addition, in 2006 we recorded 2.9 million
 of asset impairment charges related to the reduction in the
 estimated net realizable value of a store property and a
 reduction in the value of duplicate information systems
 software, as compared to 0.9 million of accelerated
 charges on software associated with our credit operation in 2005.

Income from operations: Income from operations
 in 2006 was 173.7 million, or 5.2 of net sales, as
 compared to 50.2 million, or 3.9 of net sales, in 2005.

Interest expense, net: Net interest expense in
 2006 was 107.1 million, or 3.2 of net sales, as compared
 to 12.1 million, or 0.9 of net sales, in 2005. The
 95.1 million net increase is principally due to the
 increased debt required to fund the acquisition of
 Carson s. Included in the 2006 expense are charges of
 2.3 million for the write-off of fees associated with the
 Company s previous credit agreement and 4.5 million
 for fees associated with a bridge facility required in
 connection with the financing for the acquisition of
 Carson s.

Income tax provision: The income tax provision
 reflects an effective tax rate of 29.5 in 2006 as compared to
 31.8 in 2005. Included in the provision is an income tax
 benefit adjustment of 4.1 million and approximately
 2.2 million in 2006 and 2005, respectively, principally
 associated with a net reduction in income tax valuation
 allowances.

Net income: Net income in 2006 was
 46.9 million, or 1.4 of net sales, as compared to
 26.0 million, or 2.0 of net sales, in 2005.

23

Liquidity and
 Capital Resources 

The following table summarizes material measures of our
 liquidity and capital resources:

February 2, 

February 3, 

January 28, 

(Dollars in millions)

2008

2007

2006

Working capital

426.5

402.4

143.1

Current ratio

1.96:1

1.79:1

1.77:1

Debt to total capitalization(1)

0.76:1

0.78:1

0.13:1

Unused availability under lines of credit(2)

351.0

341.3

173.8

(1) 

Debt includes obligations under capital leases. Total
 capitalization includes shareholders equity, debt and
 obligations under capital leases. 

(2) 

Subject to a minimum borrowing availability covenant of 75, 75
 and 10 as of February 2, 2008, February 3, 2007 and
 January 28, 2006, respectively. 

Prior to March 6, 2006, our primary sources of working
 capital were cash flows from operations and borrowings under our
 revolving credit facility. On March 6, 2006, to finance the
 acquisition of Carson s and the related payoff of our
 previous revolving credit facility, we entered into a new
 revolving credit facility that provides for up to
 1.0 billion in borrowings, issued 510.0 million in
 senior unsecured notes and entered into a new mortgage loan
 facility in the aggregate principal amount of
 260.0 million. Our business follows a seasonal pattern;
 working capital fluctuates with seasonal variations, reaching
 its highest level in October or November to fund the purchase of
 merchandise inventories prior to the holiday season.

Increases in working capital and the current ratio in 2007, as
 compared to 2006, largely reflect current year reductions in
 accrued liabilities and income taxes payable. The decrease in
 debt to total capitalization reflects cash flow generated in
 2007 utilized to reduce debt levels. The increase in unused
 availability under lines of credit as compared to the prior year
 primarily reflects decreases in direct borrowings and standby
 letters of credit to support the importing of merchandise and as
 collateral for obligations related to general liability and
 workers compensation insurance. Increases in working
 capital, current ratio, debt to total capitalization and unused
 availability under lines of credit in 2006, as compared to 2005,
 principally reflect the addition of Carson s operations and
 the increase in debt to fund the acquisition.

Net cash provided by operating activities amounted to
 135.6 million in 2007, 111.9 million in 2006 and
 152.8 million in 2005. The increase in net cash provided
 in 2007 primarily reflects decreases in merchandise inventories
 due to inventory management efforts in response to sales trends,
 partially offset by a reduction in net income. The decrease in
 net cash provided in 2006 as compared to 2005 is principally due
 to the 2005 proceeds from the sale of the credit card operation.

Net cash used in investing activities amounted to
 106.9 million in 2007, 1,166.0 million in 2006 and
 27.7 million in 2005. Cash outflow in 2007 was primarily
 for capital expenditures relating to the opening of two new
 stores, expansions of three stores and the renovation and
 reconfiguration of several existing stores, as well as
 information system enhancements. The increase in cash outflow in
 2006 reflects the acquisition costs of Carson s and the
 Parisian stores as well as increased capital expenditures for
 the larger combined company.

Net cash used in financing activities amounted to
 32.1 million in 2007 and 138.2 million in 2005. Net
 cash provided by financing activities amounted to
 1,069.1 million in 2006. Net cash used in 2007 primarily
 reflects payments made to reduce long-term debt. 2006 cash
 inflow reflects the increased borrowings to fund the
 acquisitions of Carson s and Parisian stores.

Prior to March 6, 2006, our amended and restated revolving
 credit facility agreement (the Credit Agreement provided a revolving line of credit of 300.0 million. In
 connection with the acquisition of Carson s and the related
 financing arrangements, discussed below, the Credit

24

Agreement was terminated and simultaneously replaced by a senior
 secured credit facility on March 6, 2006. There were no
 prepayment or early termination premiums or penalties in
 connection with the termination of the Credit Agreement. All
 deferred financing costs as of March 6, 2006 associated
 with the Credit Agreement, which totaled 2.3 million, were
 expensed immediately upon termination of the Credit Agreement.

On March 6, 2006, The Bon-Ton Department Stores, Inc., a
 wholly owned subsidiary of The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc., and certain
 of its subsidiaries, Bank of America, N.A. Bank of
 America and certain other lenders entered into a Loan and
 Security Agreement Senior Secured Credit Facility which provides for up to 1.0 billion of revolver
 borrowings. The Senior Secured Credit Facility includes a
 last-in, 
 first-out revolving credit facility of up to 900.0 million
 and a
 first-in, 
 last-out revolving credit facility of up to 100.0 million,
 and has a sub-limit of 150.0 million for the issuance of
 standby and documentary letters of credit. All borrowings under
 the Senior Secured Credit Facility are limited by amounts
 available pursuant to a borrowing base calculation, which is
 based on percentages of eligible inventory, real estate and
 fixed assets, with a reduction for applicable reserves. The
 Senior Secured Credit Facility is guaranteed by The Bon-Ton
 Stores, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries. The Senior Secured
 Credit Facility is secured by substantially all the assets of
 the Company, except for certain mortgaged real property. As part
 of the Senior Secured Credit Facility, Bank of America and the
 other lenders will make available certain swing line loans in an
 aggregate amount not to exceed 75.0 million outstanding at
 any one time. Borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit
 Facility bear interest at either (i) the prime rate
 established by Bank of America, from time to time, plus the
 applicable margin (the Prime Rate or (ii) the
 LIBOR rate from time to time plus the applicable margin. The
 applicable margin is determined based upon the excess
 availability under the Senior Secured Credit Facility. The swing
 line loans bear interest at the same rate applicable to
 last-in, 
 first-out Prime Rate loans. We are required to pay a commitment
 fee to the lenders for unused commitments at a rate of 0.25 to
 0.30 per annum, based upon the unused portion of the total
 commitment under the Senior Secured Credit Facility. The Senior
 Secured Credit Facility expires March 6, 2011. Financial
 covenants contained in the Senior Secured Credit Facility
 require that the minimum excess availability be greater than
 75.0 million at all times. In addition, there are certain
 restrictions against the incurrence of additional indebtedness,
 pledge or sale of assets, payment of dividends and
 distributions, and other similar restrictions. Per the
 November 20, 2007 amendment of the Senior Secured Credit
 Facility, dividends paid may not exceed 20.0 million over
 the life of the agreement 5.1 million of which has been
 paid out), or 5.0 million in any single year, and capital
 expenditures are limited to 150.0 million per year, with a
 one-year carryover of any prior year unused amount. As of
 February 2, 2008, the Company had borrowings of
 310.8 million, with 351.0 million of borrowing
 availability (before taking into account the minimum borrowing
 availability covenant of 75.0 million) and
 letter-of-credit commitments of 14.0 million.

On March 6, 2006, The Bon-Ton Department Stores, Inc.
 entered into an Indenture (the Indenture with The
 Bank of New York, as trustee, under which The Bon-Ton Department
 Stores, Inc. issued 510.0 million aggregate principal
 amount of its
 10 1 / 4 Senior
 Notes due 2014 (the Notes ). The Notes are guaranteed
 on a senior unsecured basis by The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. and
 certain of its subsidiaries. The Notes mature on March 15,
 2014. The Notes may not be redeemed prior to March 15,
 2010, except that we may redeem up to 35 of the Notes prior to
 March 15, 2009 through the proceeds of an equity offering.
 The interest rate of the Notes is fixed at
 10 1 / 4 
 per year. Interest on the Notes is payable on March 15 and
 September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2006.
 The Indenture includes covenants that limit the ability of the
 Company and its restricted subsidiaries to, among other things,
 incur additional debt, pay dividends and make distributions,
 make certain investments, enter into certain types of
 transactions with affiliates, use assets as security in other
 transactions, and sell certain assets or merge with or into
 other companies.

On March 6, 2006, certain bankruptcy-remote special purpose
 entities (each an SPE and, collectively, the
 SPEs that are indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of
 The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. entered into loan agreements with Bank
 of America, pursuant to which Bank of America provided a

25

new mortgage loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of
 260.0 million (the Mortgage Loan Facility ).
 The Mortgage Loan Facility has a term of ten years and is
 secured by mortgages on twenty-three retail stores and one
 distribution center owned by the SPEs. Each SPE entered into a
 lease with each of The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. subsidiaries
 operating on such SPE s properties. A portion of the rental
 income received under these leases will be used to pay the debt
 service under the Mortgage Loan Facility. The Mortgage Loan
 Facility requires level monthly payments of principal and
 interest based on an amortization period of twenty-five years
 and the balance outstanding at the end of ten years will then
 become due and payable. The interest rate for the Mortgage Loan
 Facility is fixed at 6.2125 . Financial covenants contained in
 the Mortgage Loan Facility require that the SPEs maintain
 certain financial thresholds, as defined in the agreements.

We used the net proceeds of the Notes offering and Mortgage Loan
 Facility, along with borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit
 Facility, to finance the acquisition of Carson s, refinance
 our previous revolving credit agreement, and pay related fees
 and expenses in connection with the acquisition and related
 financing transactions.

Aside from planned capital expenditures, our primary cash
 requirements will be to service debt and finance working capital
 increases during peak selling seasons.

We paid a quarterly cash dividend of 0.05 per share on shares
 of Class A common stock and common stock on May 1,
 2007, August 1, 2007, October 15, 2007 and
 January 15, 2008 to shareholders of record as of
 April 16, 2007, July 16, 2007, October 1, 2007,
 and January 2, 2008, respectively. Additionally, we
 declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.05 per share, payable
 May 1, 2008 to shareholders of record as of April 15,
 2008. Our Board of Directors will consider dividends in
 subsequent periods as it deems appropriate.

Capital expenditures for 2007, which do not reflect landlord
 contributions, totaled 109.7 million. Capital expenditures
 for 2008, reduced by landlord contributions, are planned at
 approximately 80.0 million. Included in these planned
 amounts are expenditures relating to the opening of two new
 stores, expansions of two stores and the renovation of an
 existing store as well as expenditures relating to information
 systems, with on-going efforts to implement Bon-Ton s
 advanced point-of-sale system in the Carson s stores.

We anticipate that cash flows from operations, supplemented by
 borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Facility, will be
 sufficient to satisfy operating cash requirements for at least
 the next twelve months.

Cash flows from operations are impacted by consumer confidence,
 weather in the geographic markets served by the Company, and
 economic and competitive conditions existing in the retail
 industry. A downturn in any single factor or a combination of
 factors could have a material adverse impact upon our ability to
 generate sufficient cash flows to operate our business.

We have not identified any probable circumstances that would
 likely impair our ability to meet our cash requirements or
 trigger a default or acceleration of payment of our debt.

26

Contractual
 Obligations and Commitments 

The following tables reflect our contractual obligations and
 commitments as of February 2, 2008:

Contractual
 Obligations 

Payment due by period

(Dollars in thousands)

Total

Within 1 Year

1-3 Years

3-5 Years

After 5 Years

Long-term debt(1)

1,549,320

74,900

150,800

460,544

863,076

Capital leases(1)

119,250

7,375

15,000

15,000

81,875

Service agreements

4,089

2,863

1,077

149

Operating leases

629,731

92,534

171,966

130,000

235,231

Private Brand agreements

18,739

9,272

8,900

567

Totals

2,321,129

186,944

347,743

606,260

1,180,182

(1) 

Includes interest, except for interest under long-term debt
 obligations where such interest is calculated on a variable
 basis. Debt within the 3-5 Years category
 includes 310.8 million in variable rate debt under the
 Senior Secured Credit Facility, which is scheduled to expire in
 March 2011. 

In addition, we expect to make cash contributions to our
 supplementary pension plans and the Carson Retiree Health plan
 in the amount of 2.3 million, 3.0 million,
 1.9 million, 1.5 million and 1.5 million in
 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012, respectively, and
 11.6 million in the aggregate for the five years
 thereafter.

We do not anticipate making a contribution to the Carson defined
 benefit pension plan in 2008. Beyond 2008, funding requirements
 will depend on changes in the discount rate, the actual
 performance of plan assets, and the impact of The Pension
 Protection Act of 2006.

Note 8 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 provides a more complete description of our benefit plans.

Commitments 

Amount of expiration per period

(Dollars in thousands)

Total

Within 1 Year

1-3 Years

3-5 Years

After 5 Years

Documentary letters of credit

2,345

2,345

Standby letters of credit

11,697

11,697

Surety bonds

2,436

2,436

Totals

16,478

16,478

Documentary letters of credit are primarily issued to support
 the importing of merchandise, which includes our private brand
 goods. Standby letters of credit are primarily issued to support
 the importing of merchandise and as collateral for obligations
 related to general liability and workers compensation
 insurance. Surety bonds are primarily for previously incurred
 and expensed obligations related to workers compensation.

27

In the ordinary course of business, we enter into arrangements
 with vendors to purchase merchandise up to twelve months in
 advance of expected delivery. These purchase orders do not
 contain any significant termination payments or other penalties
 if cancelled.

Critical
 Accounting Policies 

Our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results
 of operations are based upon the Consolidated Financial
 Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Preparation
 of these financial statements required us to make estimates and
 judgments that affected reported amounts of assets and
 liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial
 statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates,
 including those related to merchandise returns, bad debts,
 inventories, goodwill, intangible assets, income taxes,
 financings, contingencies, insurance reserves, and litigation.
 We base our estimates on historical experience and on various
 other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the
 circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
 judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
 that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
 may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or
 conditions.

Critical accounting policies are defined as those that are
 reflective of significant judgments and uncertainties, and could
 potentially lead to materially different results under different
 assumptions and conditions. We believe our critical accounting
 policies are as described below. For a discussion of the
 application of these and other accounting policies, see the
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Inventory
 Valuation 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market with cost
 determined by the retail inventory method. Under the retail
 inventory method, the valuation of inventories at cost and the
 resulting gross margin is derived by applying a calculated
 cost-to-retail ratio to the retail value of inventories. The
 retail inventory method is an averaging method that has been
 widely used in the retail industry. Use of the retail inventory
 method will result in valuing inventories at the lower of cost
 or market if markdowns are taken timely as a reduction of the
 retail value of inventories.

Inherent in the retail inventory method calculation are certain
 significant management judgments and estimates including, among
 others, merchandise markups, markdowns and shrinkage, which
 significantly impact both the ending inventory valuation at cost
 and the resulting gross margin. These significant estimates,
 coupled with the fact that the retail inventory method is an
 averaging process, can, under certain circumstances, result in
 individual inventory components with cost above related net
 realizable value. Factors that can lead to this result include
 applying the retail inventory method to a group of products that
 is not fairly uniform in terms of its cost, selling price
 relationship and turnover; or applying the retail inventory
 method to transactions that include different rates of gross
 profit, such as those relating to seasonal merchandise. In
 addition, failure to take timely markdowns can result in an
 overstatement of inventory under the lower of cost or market
 principle. We believe that the retail inventory method we use
 provides an inventory valuation that approximates cost and
 results in carrying inventory in the aggregate at the lower of
 cost or market.

We regularly review inventory quantities on-hand and record an
 adjustment for excess or old inventory based primarily on an
 estimated forecast of merchandise demand for the selling season.
 Demand for merchandise can fluctuate greatly. A significant
 increase in the demand for merchandise could result in a
 short-term increase in the cost of inventory purchases while a
 significant decrease in demand could result in an increase in
 the amount of excess inventory quantities on-hand. Additionally,
 estimates of future merchandise demand may prove to be
 inaccurate, in which case we may have understated or overstated
 the adjustment required for excess or old inventory. If our
 inventory is determined to be overvalued in the future, we would
 be required to recognize such costs in costs of

28

goods sold and reduce operating income at the time of such
 determination. Likewise, if inventory is later determined to be
 undervalued, we may have overstated the costs of goods sold in
 previous periods and would recognize additional operating income
 when such inventory is sold. Therefore, although every effort is
 made to ensure the accuracy of forecasts of future merchandise
 demand, any significant unanticipated changes in demand or in
 economic conditions within our markets could have a significant
 impact on the value of our inventory and reported operating
 results.

Prior to the Carson s acquisition, we utilized the
 last-in, 
 first-out LIFO cost basis for all of our
 inventories. In connection with the Carson s acquisition,
 we evaluated the inventory costing for the acquired inventories
 and elected the
 first-in, 
 first-out FIFO cost basis for the majority of the
 acquired Carson s locations. As of February 2, 2008
 and February 3, 2007, approximately 32 and 30 ,
 respectively, of our inventories were valued using a FIFO cost
 basis and approximately 68 and 70 , respectively, of our
 inventories were valued using a LIFO cost basis. As is currently
 the case with many companies in the retail industry, our LIFO
 calculations yielded inventory increases in recent prior years
 due to deflation reflected in price indices used. The LIFO
 method values merchandise sold at the cost of more recent
 inventory purchases (which the deflationary indices indicated to
 be lower), resulting in the general inventory on-hand being
 carried at the older, higher costs. Given these higher values
 and the promotional retail environment, we have reduced the
 carrying value of our LIFO inventories to a net realizable
 value. These reductions totaled 37.0 million and
 38.9 million as of February 2, 2008 and
 February 3, 2007, respectively. Inherent in the valuation
 of inventories are significant management judgments and
 estimates regarding future merchandise selling costs and
 pricing. Should these estimates prove to be inaccurate, we may
 have overstated or understated our inventory carrying value. In
 such cases, operating results would ultimately be impacted.

Vendor
 Allowances 

As is standard industry practice, allowances from merchandise
 vendors are received as reimbursement for charges incurred on
 marked-down merchandise. Vendor allowances are generally
 credited to costs of goods sold, provided the allowance is:
 (1) collectable, (2) for merchandise either
 permanently marked down or sold, (3) not predicated on a
 future purchase, (4) not predicated on a future increase in
 the purchase price from the vendor, and (5) authorized by
 internal management. If the aforementioned criteria are not met,
 the allowances are reflected as an adjustment to the cost of
 merchandise capitalized in inventory.

Additionally, allowances are received from vendors in connection
 with cooperative advertising programs and for reimbursement of
 certain payroll expenses. These allowances received from each
 vendor are reviewed to ensure reimbursements are for specific,
 incremental and identifiable advertising or payroll costs
 incurred to sell the vendor s products. If a vendor
 reimbursement exceeds the costs incurred, the excess
 reimbursement is recorded as a reduction of cost purchases from
 the vendor and reflected as a reduction of costs of merchandise
 sold when the related merchandise is sold. All other amounts are
 recognized as a reduction of the related advertising or payroll
 costs that have been incurred and reflected in SG A expense.

Income
 Taxes 

Significant management judgment is required in determining the
 provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities,
 and the valuation allowance recorded against net deferred tax
 assets. The process involves summarizing temporary differences
 resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and
 accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax
 assets and liabilities, which are included within the
 consolidated balance sheet. We must then assess the likelihood
 that deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable
 income or tax carry-back availability and, to the extent we do
 not believe recovery of the deferred tax asset is more likely
 than not, a valuation allowance must be established. To the
 extent a valuation allowance is established in a period, an
 expense must be recorded within the income tax provision in the
 statement of income.

29

Our net deferred tax assets were 104.9 million and
 94.4 million at February 2, 2008 and February 3,
 2007, respectively. In assessing the realizability of the
 deferred tax assets, we considered whether it was more likely
 than not that the deferred tax assets, or a portion thereof,
 will be realized. We considered the scheduled reversal of
 deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and
 limitations pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue
 Code. As a result, we concluded that a valuation allowance
 against a portion of the net deferred tax assets was
 appropriate. A total valuation allowance of 14.3 million
 and 25.4 million was recorded at February 2, 2008 and
 February 3, 2007, respectively. If actual results differ
 from these estimates or these estimates are adjusted in future
 periods, the valuation allowance may need to be adjusted, which
 could materially impact our financial position and results of
 operations.

Effective February 4, 2007, we adopted the provisions of
 Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in
 Income Taxes FIN No. 48 ).
 FIN No. 48 prescribes a recognition and derecognition
 threshold and measurement element for the financial statement
 recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected
 to be taken in a tax return. Accordingly, we establish reserves
 for certain tax positions that we believe are supportable, but
 are potentially subject to successful challenge by applicable
 taxing authorities. However, interpretations and guidance
 surrounding income tax laws and regulations change over time.
 Changes in our assumptions and judgments could materially impact
 our financial position and results of operations.

Long-lived
 Assets 

Property, fixtures and equipment are recorded at cost and are
 depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful
 lives of such assets. Changes in our business model or capital
 strategy can result in the actual useful lives differing from
 estimates. In cases where we determined that the useful life of
 property, fixtures and equipment should be shortened, we
 depreciated the net book value in excess of the salvage value
 over the revised remaining useful life, thereby increasing
 depreciation expense. Factors such as changes in the planned use
 of fixtures or leasehold improvements could also result in
 shortened useful lives. Our net property, fixtures and equipment
 amounted to 885.5 million and 897.9 million at
 February 2, 2008 and February 3, 2007, respectively.

Statement of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
 Long-Lived Assets SFAS No. 144 ),
 requires the Company to test a long-lived asset for
 recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances
 indicate that its carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors
 that could trigger an impairment review include the following:

Significant under-performance of stores relative to historical
 or projected future operating results,

Significant changes in the manner of our use of assets or
 overall business strategy, and

Significant negative industry or economic trends for a sustained
 period.

If the undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset are
 insufficient to support the recorded asset, an impairment loss
 is recognized for the amount (if any) by which the carrying
 amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Cash
 flow estimates are based on historical results, adjusted to
 reflect our best estimate of future market and operating
 conditions. Estimates of fair value represent our best estimate
 based on industry trends and reference to market rates and
 transactions, if available. Should cash flow estimates differ
 significantly from actual results, an impairment could arise and
 materially impact our financial position and results of
 operations. Given the seasonality of operations, impairment is
 not conclusive, in many cases, until after the holiday period in
 the fourth quarter is concluded.

Newly opened stores may take time to generate positive operating
 and cash flow results. Factors such as store type, store
 location, current marketplace awareness of private label brands,
 local customer demographic data and current fashion trends are
 all considered in determining the

30

time-frame required for a store to achieve positive financial
 results. If conditions prove to be substantially different from
 expectations, the carrying value of new stores long-lived
 assets may ultimately become impaired.

We evaluated the recoverability of our long-lived assets in
 accordance with SFAS No. 144. As a result, in 2007 we
 recorded 2.7 million of asset impairment charges related
 to the reduction in the estimated net realizable value of
 certain store properties. Impairment losses of
 2.9 million, which included a reduction in the estimated
 net realizable value of a store property and a reduction in the
 value of duplicate information systems software resulting from
 the acquisition of Carson s, were recorded in 2006. No
 impairment loss was recorded in 2005.

Goodwill and
 Intangible Assets 

Our goodwill was 17.8 million and 27.4 million at
 February 2, 2008 and February 3, 2007, respectively.
 See Note 4 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

Net intangible assets totaled 165.9 million and
 176.7 million at February 2, 2008 and
 February 3, 2007, respectively. Our intangible assets at
 February 2, 2008 are principally comprised of
 84.2 million of lease interests that relate to
 below-market-rate leases and 81.7 million associated with
 trade names, private label brand names and customer lists. The
 lease-related interests and the portion of private label brand
 names subject to amortization are being amortized using a
 straight-line method. The customer lists are being amortized
 using a declining-balance method. At February 2, 2008,
 lease-related interests, customer lists and private label brand
 names had average remaining lives of fourteen years, eleven
 years and one year, respectively, for amortization purposes. At
 February 2, 2008, trade names and private label brand names
 of 62.2 million have been deemed as having indefinite
 lives as part of the purchase accounting for Carson s.

In accordance with SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and
 Other Intangible Assets, goodwill and other intangible
 assets that have indefinite lives are reviewed for impairment at
 least annually or when events or changes in circumstances
 indicate the carrying value of these assets might exceed their
 current fair values. Fair value is determined using quoted
 market prices
 and/or a
 discounted cash flow analysis, which requires certain
 assumptions and estimates regarding industry economic factors
 and future profitability of acquired businesses. Our policy is
 to conduct impairment testing based on our most current business
 plans, which reflect anticipated changes in the economy and the
 industry. If actual results prove inconsistent with our
 assumptions and judgments, we could be exposed to a material
 impairment charge.

We completed our review of the carrying value of goodwill for
 2007, 2006 and 2005 and determined there was no impairment. As a
 result of our review of the carrying value of intangible assets
 for 2007, we recorded an asset impairment charge of
 1.3 million related to the reduction in the value of two
 indefinite-lived private label brand names. No such charge was
 recorded in 2006 or 2005.

Insurance Reserve
 Estimates 

We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance for a
 number of risks, including workers compensation, general
 liability and employee-related health care benefits, a portion
 of which is paid by our associates. We determine the estimates
 for the liabilities associated with these risks by considering
 historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity
 factors and other actuarial assumptions. A change in claims
 frequency and severity of claims from historical experience as
 well as changes in state statutes and the mix of states in which
 we operate could result in a change to the required reserve
 levels.

31

Pension and
 Supplementary Retirement Plans 

We provide an unfunded supplementary pension plan to certain key
 executives. Through acquisitions, we acquired a defined benefit
 pension plan, and assumed the liabilities of three supplementary
 pension plans and a postretirement benefit plan. Major
 assumptions used in accounting for these plans include the
 discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on the
 defined benefit plan s assets.

The discount rate assumption is evaluated annually. For the
 years ended February 2, 2008 and February 3, 2007, we
 utilized the Citibank Pension Discount Curve CPDC ).
 The CPDC is developed from a U.S. Treasury par curve that
 reflects the Treasury Coupon and Strips market. Option-adjusted
 spreads drawn from the double-A corporate bond sector are
 layered in to develop a double-A corporate par curve, from which
 the CPDC spot rates are developed. The CPDC spot rates are
 applied to expected benefit payments, from which a single
 constant discount rate can then be developed. We believe that
 utilizing the CPDC to develop the discount rate is preferable
 because the developed discount rate is based on the expected
 timing of benefit payments. For the year ended January 28,
 2006, the discount rate was based on the Moody s long-term
 AA corporate bond rate.

We base our asset return assumption on current and expected
 allocations of assets, as well as a long-term view of expected
 returns on the plan asset categories. We assess the
 appropriateness of the expected rate of return on an annual
 basis and, when necessary, revise the assumption. Our target
 pension plan asset allocation of equity securities, fixed income
 and real estate at February 2, 2008 and February 3,
 2007 was 65 , 30 and 5 , respectively.

Changes in the assumptions regarding the discount rate and
 expected return on plan assets may result in materially
 different expense and liability amounts. Actuarial estimations
 may differ materially from actual results, reflecting many
 factors including changing market and economic conditions,
 changes in investment strategies, higher or lower withdrawal
 rates and longer or shorter life-spans of participants.

Future
 Accounting Changes 

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157,
 Fair Value Measurements 
 SFAS No. 157 ). SFAS No. 157
 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair
 value in generally accepted accounting principles, and expands
 disclosures about fair value measurements, but does not require
 any new fair value measurements. SFAS No. 157 is
 effective for years beginning after November 15, 2007 for
 financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value
 on a recurring basis. The FASB has agreed to a one-year deferral
 of SFAS No. 157 s fair-value measurement
 requirements for non-financial assets and liabilities that are
 not required or permitted to be measured at fair value on a
 recurring basis. We expect the adoption of this statement will
 not have a material impact on our consolidated financial
 statements.

In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159,
 The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial
 Liabilities SFAS No. 159 ).
 SFAS No. 159 permits companies to measure many
 financial instruments and certain other assets and liabilities
 at fair value on an instrument by instrument basis.
 SFAS No. 159 also establishes presentation and
 disclosure requirements to facilitate comparisons between
 companies that select different measurement attributes for
 similar types of assets and liabilities. SFAS No. 159
 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15,
 2007. We expect the adoption of this statement will not have a
 material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141
 (Revised 2007), Business Combinations 
 SFAS No. 141(R) ).
 SFAS No. 141(R) will significantly change the
 accounting for business combinations. Under
 SFAS No. 141(R), an acquiring entity will be required
 to recognize all assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a
 transaction at the acquisition-date fair value with limited
 exceptions. The statement also provides guidance for recognizing
 and measuring the goodwill

32

acquired in the business combination and determines what
 information to disclose to enable users of the financial
 statements to evaluate the nature and financial effects of the
 business combination. SFAS No. 141(R) is effective for
 years beginning after December 15, 2008. As such, the
 adoption of this statement will affect any acquisitions into
 which we may enter subsequent to January 31, 2009.

In March 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 161,
 Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging
 Activities an Amendment of FASB Statement
 No. 133 SFAS No. 161 ).
 SFAS No. 161 requires companies to provide qualitative
 disclosures about the objectives and strategies for using
 derivatives, quantitative data about the fair value of and gains
 and losses on derivative contracts, and details of
 credit-risk-related contingent features in their hedged
 positions. The statement also requires companies to disclose
 more information about the location and amounts of derivative
 instruments in financial statements; how derivatives and related
 hedges are accounted for under SFAS No. 133,
 Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
 Activities; and how the hedges affect the entity s
 financial position, financial performance and cash flows.
 SFAS No. 161 is effective for years beginning after
 November 15, 2008. We are in the process of evaluating what
 effect, if any, adoption of SFAS No. 161 may have on
 our consolidated financial statements.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and
 Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Market Risk
 and Financial Instruments 

We are exposed to market risk associated with changes in
 interest rates. To provide some protection against potential
 rate increases associated with our variable-rate facilities, we
 enter into derivative financial transactions in the form of
 interest rate swaps. The interest rate swaps are used to hedge a
 portion of the underlying variable-rate facilities. The swaps
 are qualifying hedges and the interest rate differential is
 reflected as an adjustment to interest expense over the life of
 the swaps.

At February 2, 2008, we held two
 variable-to-fixed rate swaps with a notional amount
 of 50.0 million each. The notional amount does not
 represent amounts exchanged by the parties; rather, it is used
 as the basis to calculate amounts due and to be received under
 the rate swap. During 2007 and 2006, we did not enter into or
 hold derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.

The following table provides information about our derivative
 financial instruments and other financial instruments that are
 sensitive to changes in interest rates, including debt
 obligations and the interest rate swaps. For debt obligations,
 the table presents principal cash flows and related weighted
 average interest rates by expected maturity dates at
 February 2, 2008. For the interest rate swaps, the table
 presents the notional amount and weighted average pay and
 receive interest rates by expected maturity date. For additional
 discussion of our interest rate swaps, see Note 10 in the
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Expected Maturity Date By Year

(Dollars in 

There- 

thousands)

2008

2009

2010

2011

2012

After

Total

Fair Value

Debt:

Fixed-rate debt

5,656

6,108

7,547

7,020

7,485

740,837

774,653

642,519

Average fixed rate

6.77

6.79

6.57

6.82

6.85

9.02

8.92

Variable-rate debt

310,844

310,844

310,844

Average variable rate

6.86

6.86

Interest Rate Derivatives:

Interest rate swap 
 Variable-to-fixed

100,000

100,000

(7,725

Average pay rate

5.49

5.49

Average receive rate

5.28

5.28

33

Seasonality
 and Inflation 

Our business, like that of most retailers, is subject to
 seasonal fluctuations, with the major portion of sales and
 income realized during the second half of each fiscal year,
 which includes the back-to-school and holiday seasons. See
 Note 19 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 for the Company s quarterly results for 2007 and 2006. Due
 to the fixed nature of certain costs, SG A expense is
 typically higher as a percentage of net sales during the first
 half of each year. Working capital requirements fluctuate during
 the year as well and generally reach their highest levels during
 the third and fourth quarters.

Because of the seasonality of our business, results for any
 quarter are not necessarily indicative of results that may be
 achieved for a full year. In addition, quarterly operating
 results are impacted by the timing and amount of revenues and
 costs associated with the opening of new stores and the closing
 and remodeling of existing stores.

We do not believe inflation had a material effect on operating
 results during the past three years. However, there can be no
 assurance that our business will not be affected by material
 inflationary adjustments in the future.

Item 8. 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Information called for by this item is set forth in the
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement
 Schedule contained in this report and is incorporated herein by
 this reference. See index at
 page F-1. 

Item 9. 

Changes in and
 Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
 Disclosure 

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls and
 Procedures 

Attached as exhibits to this
 Form 10-K 
 are certifications of the Company s Chief Executive Officer
 and Chief Financial Officer, which are required by
 Rule 13a-14 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ). This Controls and
 Procedures section includes information concerning the
 controls and controls evaluation referred to in the
 certifications. This section should be read in conjunction with
 the certifications for a more complete understanding of the
 topics presented.

Evaluation of
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed
 to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports
 filed pursuant to the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
 SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
 accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate,
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our
 management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
 controls and procedures (as defined in
 Rules 13a-15(e) 
 and
 15d-15(e) of
 the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this
 report and, based on this evaluation, concluded that our
 disclosure controls and procedures are effective.

Management
 Report on Internal Control over Financial
 Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible for establishing
 and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
 reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of its financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over
 financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in
 reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
 and dispositions of the Company s assets; (ii) provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
 to permit

34

preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles, and that the Company s
 receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with
 authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and
 (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
 timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
 of its assets that could have a material effect on the financial
 statements.

Management assessed the Company s internal control over
 financial reporting as of February 2, 2008, the end of the
 2007 year. Management based its assessment on criteria
 established in Internal Control Integrated
 Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management s
 assessment included evaluation of such elements as the design
 and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls,
 process documentation, accounting policies and the
 Company s overall control environment.

Based on its assessment, management has concluded that the
 Company s internal control over financial reporting was
 effective as of the end of the fiscal year to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external reporting
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles. The results of management s assessment were
 reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of
 Directors.

KPMG LLP independently assessed the effectiveness of the
 Company s internal control over financial reporting. KPMG
 LLP has issued an attestation report, which is included below.

Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors and Shareholders

The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.:

We have audited The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. internal control over
 financial reporting as of February 2, 2008, based on
 criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
 Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
 the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. s
 management is responsible for maintaining effective internal
 control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
 effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
 included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal
 Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to
 express an opinion on the Company s internal control over
 financial reporting based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
 over financial reporting was maintained in all material
 respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
 internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk
 that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the
 design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
 the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other
 procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We
 believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
 opinion.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a
 process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
 internal control over financial reporting includes those
 policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
 reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
 company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
 are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
 statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
 are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
 management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
 unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
 company s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements.

35

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
 financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
 Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
 periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
 inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
 of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. maintained, in all
 material respects, effective internal control over financial
 reporting as of February 2, 2008, based on criteria
 established in Internal Control Integrated Framework
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
 Treadway Commission (COSO).

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
 consolidated balance sheets of The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. and
 subsidiaries as of February 2, 2008 and February 3,
 2007, and the related consolidated statements of income,
 shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the fiscal
 years in the three-year period ended February 2, 2008, and
 the related financial statement schedule, and our report dated
 April 16, 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion on those
 consolidated financial statements and the related financial
 statement schedule.

/s/ KPMG
 LLP

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

April 16, 2008

Inherent
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls
 or internal control over financial reporting will prevent or
 detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how
 well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not
 absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives
 will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the
 fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of
 controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further,
 because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no
 evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
 misstatements because of error or fraud will not occur or that
 all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our
 Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include
 the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or
 mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual
 acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by
 management override of the controls. The design of any system of
 controls is based, in part, on certain assumptions about the
 likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that
 any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all
 potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of
 controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks.
 Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in
 conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with
 policies or procedures.

Changes in
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes to the Company s internal control
 over financial reporting that occurred during the thirteen weeks
 ended February 2, 2008 that have materially affected, or
 are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
 internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. 

Other
 Information 

None.

36

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

As part of our system of corporate governance, our Board of
 Directors has adopted a Code of Ethical Standards and Business
 Practices applicable to all directors, officers and associates.
 This Code is available on our website at www.bonton.com.

The information regarding executive officers is included in
 Part I under the heading Executive Officers. 
 The remainder of the information called for by this Item is
 incorporated by reference to the sections entitled
 Election of Directors, Section 16(a)
 Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance and
 Corporate Governance and Board of Directors
 Information of the Proxy Statement.

Item 11. 

Executive
 Compensation 

The information called for by this Item is incorporated by
 reference to the section entitled Executive
 Compensation of the Proxy Statement.

Item 12. 

Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
 Related Stockholder Matters 

The information called for by this Item is incorporated by
 reference to the sections entitled Security Ownership of
 Directors and Executive Officers and Equity
 Compensation Plan Information of the Proxy Statement.

Item 13. 

Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
 Independence 

The information called for by this Item is incorporated by
 reference to the sections entitled Related Party
 Transactions and Director Independence of the
 Proxy Statement.

Item 14. 

Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 

The information called for by this Item is incorporated by
 reference to the section entitled Fees Paid to KPMG 
 of the Proxy Statement.

37

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits and
 Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this
 report:

1. Consolidated Financial Statements See the
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial
 Statement Schedule on
 page F-1. 

2. Financial Statement Schedule See the Index
 to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement
 Schedule on
 page F-1. 

(b) The following are exhibits to this
 Form 10-K 
 and, if incorporated by reference, we have indicated the
 document previously filed with the SEC in which the exhibit was
 included.

Exhibit No

Description

Document Location

2

.1

(a)

Purchase Agreement between The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. and Saks
 Incorporated

Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October
 31, 2005

(b)

Amendment No. 1 to Purchase Agreement

Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February
 17, 2006

3

.1

Articles of Incorporation

Exhibit 3.1 to the Report on Form 8-B, File No. 0-19517
 Form 8-B 

3

.2

Bylaws

Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-B

4

.1

Indenture with The Bank of New York

Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 10,
 2006 3/10/06 Form 8-K 

10

.1

Shareholders Agreement among The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. and
 the shareholders named therein

Exhibit 10.3 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on
 Form S-1, File No. 33-42142 1991 Form S-1 

10

.2 

(a)

Employment Agreement with David B. Zant

Exhibit 10.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
 year ended January 29, 2005 2004 Form 10-K 

(b)

First Amendment to Employment Agreement with David B. Zant

Exhibit 10.2(b) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
 year ended February 3, 2007 2006 Form 10-K 

10

.3 

Employment Agreement with James M. Zamberlan

Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 September 19, 2006

10

.4 

Employment Agreement with Anthony Buccina

Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 6,
 2006

10

.5 

(a)

Employment Agreement with Byron L. Bergren

Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
 quarter ended July 31, 2004 7/31/04 Form 10-Q 

(b)

Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement with Byron L.
 Bergren

Exhibit 10.5(b) to the 2004 Form 10-K

(c)

Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement with Byron L.
 Bergren

Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 26,
 2006

(d)

Amendment No. 3 to Employment Agreement with Byron L.
 Bergren

Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 19,
 2007

38

Exhibit No

Description

Document Location

10

.6 

(a)

Restricted Stock Unit Agreement with Byron L. Bergren

Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 26,
 2006

(b)

Restricted Stock Agreement with Byron L. Bergren

Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
 quarter ended August 4, 2007 8/4/07 Form 10-Q 

(c)

Restricted Stock Agreement with Byron L. Bergren

Exhibit 10.3 to the 8/4/07 Form 10-Q

(d)

Restricted Stock Agreement with Byron L. Bergren

Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March
 27, 2008

10

.7 

(a)

Executive Transition Agreement with M. Thomas Grumbacher

Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March
 11, 2005

(b)

Amendment to Executive Transition Agreement with M. Thomas
 Grumbacher

Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December
 10, 2007

10

.8 

Form of severance agreement with certain executive officers

Exhibit 10.14 to Form 8-B

10

.9 

Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan

Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
 quarter ended August 4, 2001

10

.10 

Amended and Restated 1991 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan

Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8, File No.
 333-36633

10

.11 

(a)

Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Incentive and Performance-Based
 Award Plan

Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 26,
 2006

(b)

Form of Stock Option Agreement

Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November
 25, 2005 11/25/05 Form 8-K 

(c)

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement

Exhibit 10.3 to the 11/25/05 Form 8-K

(d)

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement

Exhibit 10.4 to the 11/25/05 Form 8-K

10

.12 

Phantom Equity Replacement Stock Option Plan

Exhibit 10.18 to the 1991 Form S-1

10

.13 

Amended and Restated Cash Bonus Plan

Appendix A to Other Definitive Proxy Statements on Form DEF 14A
 filed on May 4, 2007

10

.14 

The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan

Exhibit 10.14 to the 2006 Form 10-K

10

.15 

The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. Severance Pay Plan

Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August
 8, 2006

10

.16 

The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. Change of Control and Material
 Transaction Severance Plan for Certain Employees of Acquired
 Employers

Exhibit 10.16 to the 2006 Form 10-K

10

.17

Registration Rights Agreement between The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.
 and Tim Grumbacher

Exhibit 99.3 to the 11/7/03 Form 8-K

39

Exhibit No

Description

Document Location

10

.18

(a)

Summary of Consulting Arrangement with Michael L. Gleim

Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December
 1, 2005

(b)

Renewal of Consulting Arrangement with Michael L. Gleim

Filed Herewith

10

.19

(a)

Sublease of Oil City, Pennsylvania store between The Bon-Ton
 Stores, Inc. and Nancy T. Grumbacher, Trustee

Exhibit 10.16 to the 1991 Form S-1

(b)

First Amendment to Oil City, Pennsylvania sublease

Exhibit 10.22 to Amendment No. 1 to the 1991 Form S-1

(c)

Corporate Guarantee with respect to Oil City, Pennsylvania lease

Exhibit 10.26 to Amendment No. 1 to the 1991 Form S-1

10

.20

Purchase and Sale Agreement between The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. and
 HSBC Bank Nevada, N.A.

Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23,
 2005 6/23/05 Form 8-K 

10

.21

Interim Servicing Agreement between The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. and
 HSBC Bank Nevada, N.A.

Exhibit 10.2 to the 6/23/05 Form 8-K

10

.22

(a)

Credit Card Program Agreement between The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.
 and HSBC Bank Nevada, N.A.

Exhibit 10.3 to the 6/23/05 Form 8-K

(b)

First Amendment to the Credit Card Program Agreement

Exhibit 10.5 to the 3/10/06 Form 8-K

(c)

Second Amendment to the Credit Card Program Agreement

Exhibit 10.22(c) to the 2006 Form 10-K

10

.23

Registration Rights Agreement between The Bon-Ton Department
 Stores, Inc., The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc., other guarantors listed
 on Schedule I of the Agreement, Banc of America Securities
 LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 

Exhibit 10.1 to the 3/10/06 Form 8-K

10

.24

(a)

Loan and Security Agreement among Bank of America, N.A., The
 Bon-Ton Department Stores, Inc., The Elder-Beerman Stores Corp.,
 Carson Pirie Scott, Inc. (f/k/a Parisian, Inc.),
 Herberger s Department Stores, LLC and the other credit
 parties and lender parties thereto

Exhibit 10.2 to the 3/10/06 Form 8-K

(b)

Amendment No. 1 to Loan and Security Agreement among Bank
 of America, N.A., The Bon-Ton Department Stores, Inc., The
 Elder-Beerman Stores Corp., Carson Pirie Scott, Inc. (f/k/a
 Parisian, Inc.), Herberger s Department Stores, LLC and the
 other credit parties and lender parties thereto

Filed Herewith

10

.25

Loan Agreement between Bonstores Realty One, LLP and Bank of
 America, N.A.

Exhibit 10.3 to the 3/10/06 Form 8-K

40

Exhibit No

Description

Document Location

10

.26

Loan Agreement between Bonstores Realty Two, LLP and Bank of
 America, N.A.

Exhibit 10.4 to the 3/10/06 Form 8-K

10

.27

Private Brands Agreement among Saks Incorporated, The Bon-Ton
 Stores, Inc., Herberger s Department Stores, LLC and Carson
 Pirie Scott, Inc. (f/k/a Parisian, Inc.)

Exhibit 10.6 to the 3/10/06 Form 8-K

10

.28

(a)

Amended and Restated Transition Services Agreement between Saks
 Incorporated and The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. 

Exhibit 10.7 to the 3/10/06 Form 8-K

(b)

Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Transition Services
 Agreement between Saks Incorporated and The Bon-Ton Stores,
 Inc. 

Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
 quarter ended July 29, 2006

(c)

Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Transition Services
 Agreement between Saks Incorporated and The Bon-Ton Stores,
 Inc. 

Exhibit 10.28(c) to the 2006 Form 10-K

10

.29 

(a)

Carson Pirie Scott Co. Supplemental Executive
 Retirement Plan

Exhibit 10.29(a) to the 2006 Form 10-K

(b)

First Amendment to the Carson Pirie Scott Co.
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan

Exhibit 10.29(b) to the 2006 Form 10-K

10

.30

Asset Purchase Agreement between The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. and
 Belk, Inc. 

Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October
 31, 2006

10

.31

(a)

Private Brands Agreement between The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. and
 Belk, Inc. 

Exhibit 10.31(a) to the 2006 Form 10-K

(b)

Amendment No. 1 to the Private Brands Agreement between The
 Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. and Belk, Inc. 

Exhibit 10.31(b) to the 2006 Form 10-K

21

Subsidiaries of the Registrant

Filed Herewith

23

Consent of KPMG LLP

Filed Herewith

31

.1

Certification of Byron L. Bergren

Filed Herewith

31

.2

Certification of Keith E. Plowman

Filed Herewith

32

Certifications Pursuant to
 Rules 13a-14(b) 
 and 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Filed Herewith

Constitutes a management contract or compensatory plan or
 arrangement. 

41

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused
 this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
 thereunto duly authorized.

THE BON-TON STORES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Keith
 E. Plowman 

Keith E. Plowman

Executive Vice President, Chief

Financial Officer and Principal

Accounting Officer

Dated: April 16, 2008

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons
 on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the
 dates indicated.

Signature

Capacity

Date

/s/ Tim
 Grumbacher 

Tim
 Grumbacher

Executive Chairman of the Board

April 16, 2008

/s/ Byron
 L. Bergren 

Byron
 L. Bergren

President and Chief Executive 
 Officer and Director

April 16, 2008

/s/ Keith
 E. Plowman 

Keith
 E. Plowman

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Principal
 Accounting Officer

April 16, 2008

/s/ Lucinda
 M. Baier 

Lucinda
 M. Baier

Director

April 16, 2008

/s/ Robert
 B. Bank 

Robert
 B. Bank

Director

April 16, 2008

/s/ Philip
 M. Browne 

Philip
 M. Browne

Director

April 16, 2008

/s/ Shirley
 A. Dawe 

Shirley
 A. Dawe

Director

April 16, 2008

/s/ Marsha
 M. Everton 

Marsha
 M. Everton

Director

April 16, 2008

/s/ Michael
 L. Gleim 

Michael
 L. Gleim

Director

April 16, 2008

42

Signature

Capacity

Date

/s/ Thomas
 K. Hernquist 

Thomas
 K. Hernquist

Director

April 16, 2008

/s/ Todd
 C. McCarty 

Todd
 C. McCarty

Director

April 16, 2008

/s/ Robert
 E. Salerno 

Robert
 E. Salerno

Director

April 16, 2008

43

INDEX TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

F-2

Consolidated Balance Sheets

F-3

Consolidated Statements of Income

F-4

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity

F-5

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

F-6

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

F-7

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

F-58

F-1

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The Board of Directors and Shareholders

The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
 The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. and subsidiaries as of February 2,
 2008 and February 3, 2007, and the related consolidated
 statements of income, shareholders equity, and cash flows
 for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended
 February 2, 2008. In connection with our audits of the
 consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the
 financial statement schedule, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts.
 These consolidated financial statements and financial statement
 schedule are the responsibility of the Company s
 management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
 consolidated financial statements and financial statement
 schedule based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
 test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
 the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
 statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
 reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred
 to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
 position of The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. and subsidiaries as of
 February 2, 2008 and February 3, 2007, and the results
 of their operations and their cash flows for each of the fiscal
 years in the three-year period ended February 2, 2008, in
 conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
 principles. Also in our opinion, the related financial statement
 schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated
 financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all
 material respects, the information set forth therein.

As discussed in notes 1, 8, 17 and 18 to the consolidated
 financial statements, the Company adopted the provisions of
 Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123R,
 Share-Based Payment, effective January 29,
 2006, using the modified prospective method, Statement of
 Financial Accounting Standards No. 158,
 Employers Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and
 Other Postretirement Plans, effective February 3,
 2007, and Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation
 No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income
 Taxes, effective February 4, 2007.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), The
 Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. s internal control over financial
 reporting as of February 2, 2008, based on criteria
 established in Internal Control Integrated Framework
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
 Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated April 16,
 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of
 the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ KPMG
 LLP

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

April 16, 2008

F-2

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

February 2, 

February 3, 

(In thousands except share and per share data)

2008

2007

Assets

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

21,238

24,733

Merchandise inventories

754,802

787,487

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

78,332

84,731

Deferred income taxes

17,536

17,858

Total current assets

871,908

914,809

Property, fixtures and equipment at cost, net of accumulated
 depreciation and amortization of 418,279 and 311,160 at
 February 2, 2008 and February 3, 2007, respectively

885,455

897,886

Deferred income taxes

87,357

76,586

Goodwill

17,767

27,377

Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of 21,917
 and 12,087 at February 2, 2008 and February 3, 2007,
 respectively

165,872

176,700

Other long-term assets

39,272

41,441

Total assets 

2,067,631

2,134,799

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

220,158

209,742

Accrued payroll and benefits

49,902

68,434

Accrued expenses

166,603

178,642

Current maturities of long-term debt

5,656

5,555

Current maturities of obligations under capital leases

2,239

1,936

Income taxes payable

899

48,086

Total current liabilities

445,457

512,395

Long-term debt, less current maturities

1,079,841

1,120,169

Obligations under capital leases, less current maturities

67,217

69,456

Other long-term liabilities

112,055

86,383

Total liabilities 

1,704,570

1,788,403

Commitments and contingencies (Note 14)

Shareholders equity

Preferred Stock authorized 5,000,000 shares at
 0.01 par value; no shares issued

Common Stock authorized 40,000,000 shares at
 0.01 par value; issued shares of 14,614,111 and 14,469,196
 at February 2, 2008 and February 3, 2007, respectively

146

145

Class A Common Stock authorized
 20,000,000 shares at 0.01 par value; issued and
 outstanding shares of 2,951,490 at February 2, 2008 and
 February 3, 2007

30

30

Treasury stock, at cost 337,800 shares at
 February 2, 2008 and February 3, 2007

(1,387

(1,387

Additional paid-in capital

139,805

130,875

Accumulated other comprehensive income

799

1,189

Retained earnings

223,668

215,544

Total shareholders equity 

363,061

346,396

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

2,067,631

2,134,799

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
 consolidated financial statements.

F-3

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Fiscal Year Ended

February 2, 

February 3, 

January 28, 

(In thousands except share and per
 share data)

2008

2007

2006

Net sales

3,365,912

3,362,279

1,287,170

Other income

101,747

93,531

20,425

3,467,659

3,455,810

1,307,595

Costs and expenses:

Costs of merchandise sold

2,150,131

2,118,762

822,171

Selling, general and administrative

1,065,753

1,056,472

407,145

Depreciation and amortization

121,125

103,189

27,245

Amortization of lease-related interests

4,978

3,720

839

Income from operations

125,672

173,667

50,195

Interest expense, net

108,165

107,143

12,052

Income before income taxes

17,507

66,524

38,143

Income tax provision

5,945

19,641

12,129

Net income 

11,562

46,883

26,014

Per share amounts 

Basic: 

Net income

0.70

2.85

1.61

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

16,545,101

16,430,554

16,204,414

Diluted: 

Net income

0.68

2.78

1.57

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

17,073,198

16,841,183

16,518,268

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
 consolidated financial statements.

F-4

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accumulated 

Other 

Class A 

Additional 

Deferred 

Compre- 

Common 

Common 

Treasury 

Paid-in 

Compen- 

hensive 

Retained 

(In thousands except per share data)

Stock

Stock

Stock

Capital

sation

Income (Loss)

Earnings

Total

BALANCE AT JANUARY 29, 2005

136

30

(1,387

119,284

(1,096

(427

146,017

262,557

Comprehensive income (Note 16):

Net income

26,014

26,014

Change in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax

422

422

Total comprehensive income

26,436

Dividends to shareholders, 0.10 per share

(1,668

(1,668

Proceeds from stock options exercised

2

1,440

1,442

Issuance of stock under stock award plans

4

7,756

(7,760

Share-based compensation expense

114

2,193

2,307

Tax benefit of stock options and restricted shares

1,022

1,022

Cancellation of restricted shares

(2

(2

BALANCE AT JANUARY 28, 2006

142

30

(1,387

129,614

(6,663

(5

170,363

292,094

Comprehensive income (Note 16):

Net income

46,883

46,883

Pension and postretirement benefit plans, net of tax

(313

(313

Change in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax

(839

(839

Total comprehensive income

45,731

Cumulative adjustment to adopt SFAS No. 158
 (Note 8), net of tax

2,346

2,346

Adoption of SFAS No. 123R (Note 17)

(5

(6,658

6,663

Dividends to shareholders, 0.10 per share

(1,702

(1,702

Proceeds from stock options exercised

1

1,085

1,086

Share-based compensation expense

7

5,772

5,779

Excess tax benefit from share-based compensation

1,062

1,062

BALANCE AT FEBRUARY 3, 2007

145

30

(1,387

130,875

1,189

215,544

346,396

Comprehensive income (Note 16):

Net income

11,562

11,562

Pension and postretirement benefit plans, net of tax

3,266

3,266

Change in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax

(3,656

(3,656

Total comprehensive income

11,172

Dividends to shareholders, 0.20 per share

(3,438

(3,438

Proceeds from stock options exercised

1

603

604

Share-based compensation expense

7,965

7,965

Excess tax benefit from share-based compensation

366

366

Cancellation of restricted shares

(4

(4

BALANCE AT FEBRUARY 2, 2008

146

30

(1,387

139,805

799

223,668

363,061

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
 consolidated financial statements.

F-5

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Fiscal Year Ended

February 2, 

February 3, 

January 28, 

(In thousands)

2008

2007

2006

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income

11,562

46,883

26,014

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
 operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

121,125

103,189

27,245

Amortization of lease-related interests

4,978

3,720

839

Bad debt provision

1,510

Share-based compensation expense

7,965

5,779

2,307

Excess tax benefit from share-based compensation

(366

(1,062

Loss (gain) on sale of property, fixtures and equipment

281

(1,373

237

Amortization of deferred financing costs

4,143

5,984

1,523

Amortization of deferred gain on sale of proprietary credit card
 portfolio

(2,414

(2,460

(1,346

Deferred income tax provision (benefit)

1,378

(16,004

(20,986

Cancellation of restricted shares

(4

(2

Net transfers of receivables to accounts receivable facility

(244,000

Proceeds from sale of proprietary credit card portfolio

315,445

Loss on sale of proprietary credit card portfolio

596

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effect of
 acquisitions:

Decrease (increase) in merchandise inventories

32,844

(28,902

11,798

Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses and other current assets

6,399

(22,632

23,757

Decrease (increase) in other long-term assets

892

(3,077

134

Decrease in accounts payable

(5,808

(48,422

(12,936

(Decrease) increase in accrued payroll and benefits and accrued
 expenses

(25,112

49,708

(3,684

(Decrease) increase in income taxes payable

(33,067

18,889

22,990

Increase in other long-term liabilities

10,768

1,675

1,363

Net cash provided by operating activities

135,564

111,895

152,804

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Capital expenditures

(109,659

(95,209

(28,159

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired

(62

(1,073,295

(2,054

Proceeds from sale of property, fixtures and equipment

2,807

2,516

2,514

Net cash used in investing activities

(106,914

(1,165,988

(27,699

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payments on long-term debt and capital lease obligations

(893,473

(967,788

(449,313

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt

851,309

2,048,355

312,700

Cash dividends paid

(3,438

(1,702

(1,668

Proceeds from stock options exercised

604

1,086

1,442

Excess tax benefit from share-based compensation

366

1,062

Deferred financing costs paid

(307

(27,839

(336

Increase (decrease) in bank overdraft balances

12,794

15,881

(1,067

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

(32,145

1,069,055

(138,242

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents

(3,495

14,962

(13,137

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

24,733

9,771

22,908

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

21,238

24,733

9,771

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
 consolidated financial statements.

F-6

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. is a Pennsylvania corporation
 incorporated on January 31, 1996 as the successor of a
 company incorporated on January 31, 1929. As of
 February 2, 2008, The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. operated,
 through its subsidiaries, 280 stores, which includes ten
 furniture galleries, in 23 states in the Northeast, Midwest
 and upper Great Plains under the Bon-Ton, Bergner s, Boston
 Store, Carson Pirie Scott, Elder-Beerman, Herberger s and
 Younkers nameplates and, under the Parisian nameplate, stores in
 the Detroit, Michigan area.

References to the Company refer to The Bon-Ton
 Stores, Inc. and its subsidiaries. References to
 Carson s are to the Northern Department Store
 Group acquired by the Company from Saks Incorporated
 Saks effective March 5, 2006. References to
 Elder-Beerman denote The Elder-Beerman Stores Corp.
 and its subsidiaries, which were acquired by the Company in
 October 2003. References to Bon-Ton refer to the
 Company s stores operating under the Bon-Ton and
 Elder-Beerman nameplates. References to Parisian 
 refer to the stores acquired from Belk, Inc. effective
 October 29, 2006.

The Company s fiscal year ends on the Saturday nearer
 January 31, and consisted of fifty-two weeks for 2007 and
 2005 and fifty-three weeks for 2006. References to
 2007, 2006 and 2005 
 represent the Company s fiscal 2007 year ended
 February 2, 2008, fiscal 2006 year ended
 February 3, 2007 and fiscal 2005 year ended
 January 28, 2006, respectively. References to
 2008 represent the Company s fiscal
 2008 year ending January 31, 2009.

1. 

SUMMARY OF
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis of
 Presentation 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
 The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All
 intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Results of operations for 2007 include Carson s and
 Parisian for the entire fifty-two weeks. Results of operations
 for 2006 include Carson s from the March 5, 2006
 acquisition date through February 3, 2007 (see
 Note 2) and Parisian from the October 29, 2006
 acquisition date through February 3, 2007. The Company
 conducts its operations through one business segment.

Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 requires that management make estimates and assumptions which
 affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the
 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
 the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
 and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could
 differ from those estimates.

Reclassifications 

Certain prior year balances presented in the consolidated
 financial statements and notes thereto have been reclassified to
 conform to the current year presentation. These
 reclassifications did not impact the Company s net income
 for 2007, 2006 or 2005.

Cash and Cash
 Equivalents 

The Company considers all highly liquid short-term investments
 with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase
 to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are generally overnight
 money market investments.

F-7

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

Merchandise
 Inventories 

For financial reporting and tax purposes, merchandise
 inventories are determined by the retail method. Prior to the
 Carson s acquisition, the
 last-in, 
 first-out LIFO cost basis was utilized for all
 inventories. In connection with the Carson s acquisition,
 the Company adopted the
 first-in, 
 first-out FIFO cost basis for the majority of the
 acquired Carson s locations. As of February 2, 2008
 and February 3, 2007, approximately 32 and 30 ,
 respectively, of the Company s merchandise inventories were
 valued using a FIFO cost basis and approximately 68 and 70 ,
 respectively, of merchandise inventories were valued using a
 LIFO cost basis. There were no adjustments to costs of
 merchandise sold for LIFO valuations in 2007, 2006 and 2005. If
 the FIFO method of inventory valuation had been used for all
 inventories, the Company s merchandise inventories would
 have been lower by 6,837 at February 2, 2008 and
 February 3, 2007.

Costs for merchandise purchases, product development and
 distribution are included in costs of merchandise sold.
 Inventories are pledged as collateral under certain debt
 agreements (see Note 9).

Property,
 Fixtures and Equipment: Depreciation and
 Amortization 

Depreciation and amortization of property, fixtures and
 equipment is computed using the straight-line method based upon
 the shorter of the remaining accounting lease term, if
 applicable, or the economic life reflected in the following
 ranges:

Buildings

20 to 40 years

Leasehold improvements

2 to 15 years

Fixtures and equipment

3 to 10 years

No depreciation is recorded until property, fixtures and
 equipment are placed into service. The Company capitalizes
 interest incurred during the construction of new facilities or
 major improvements to existing facilities. The amount of
 interest costs capitalized is limited to the costs incurred
 during the construction period. Interest of 257, 71 and 88
 was capitalized in 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

Repair and maintenance costs are charged to operations as
 incurred. Property retired or sold is removed from asset and
 accumulated depreciation accounts and the resulting gain or loss
 is reflected in selling, general and administrative
 SG A expense.

Costs of major remodeling and improvements on leased stores are
 capitalized as leasehold improvements. Leasehold improvements
 are amortized over the shorter of the accounting lease term or
 the useful life of the asset. Capital leases are recorded at the
 lower of fair market value or the present value of future
 minimum lease payments. Capital leases are amortized in
 accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 SFAS No. 13, Accounting for
 Leases. 

SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or
 Disposal of Long-Lived Assets 
 SFAS No. 144 ), requires the Company to
 test a long-lived asset for recoverability whenever events or
 changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying value may
 not be recoverable. If the undiscounted cash flows associated
 with the asset are insufficient to support the recorded asset,
 an impairment loss is recognized for the amount (if any) by
 which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of
 the asset. Cash flow estimates are based on historical results,
 adjusted to reflect the Company s best estimate of future
 market and operating conditions. Estimates of fair value
 represent the Company s best estimate based on industry
 trends and reference to market rates and transactions, if
 available. As a result of this evaluation, 2,747 of asset
 impairment charges related to the reduction in the estimated net
 realizable value of certain store properties were

F-8

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

recorded in 2007. Impairment losses of 2,923 were recorded in
 2006, relating to a reduction in the estimated net realizable
 value of a store property and a reduction in the value of
 duplicate information systems software resulting from the
 acquisition of Carson s. No impairment loss was recorded in
 2005. The charges are included in depreciation and amortization
 expense.

Goodwill and
 Intangible Assets 

In accordance with SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and
 Other Intangible Assets, goodwill and other intangible
 assets that have indefinite lives are reviewed for impairment at
 least annually or when events or changes in circumstances
 indicate the carrying value of these assets might exceed their
 current fair values. Intangible assets subject to amortization
 are reviewed for impairment in accordance with
 SFAS No. 144. Fair value is determined using quoted
 market prices
 and/or a
 discounted cash flow analysis, which requires certain
 assumptions and estimates regarding industry economic factors
 and future profitability of acquired businesses. The
 Company s policy is to conduct impairment testing based on
 its most current business plans, which reflect anticipated
 changes in the economy and the industry.

The Company completed its review of the carrying value of
 goodwill for 2007 and determined there was no impairment. As a
 result of its review of the carrying value of intangible assets
 for 2007, the Company recorded an asset impairment charge of
 1,323 related to the reduction in the value of two
 indefinite-lived private label brand names. No such charge was
 recorded in 2006 or 2005. The charge is included in depreciation
 and amortization expense.

Deferred
 Financing Fees 

Amounts paid by the Company to secure financing agreements are
 reflected in other long-term assets and are amortized over the
 term of the related facility. Amortization of credit facility
 costs and accounts receivable securitization facility costs are
 classified as interest expense and SG A expense,
 respectively. Unamortized amounts at February 2, 2008 and
 February 3, 2007 were 21,728 and 25,561, respectively.
 Deferred financing fees amortized to expense for 2007, 2006 and
 2005 were 4,013, 5,984 and 1,523, respectively.

Income
 Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes according to
 SFAS No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes 
 SFAS No. 109 ). Under
 SFAS No. 109, deferred tax assets and liabilities are
 recognized for the expected future tax consequences of the
 difference between the financial statement and income tax basis
 of assets and liabilities and from net operating losses and
 credit carryforwards (see Note 18). The effect on deferred
 tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is
 recognized within income in the period that includes the
 enactment date.

In June 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes 
 FIN No. 48 ). FIN No. 48
 prescribes a recognition and derecognition threshold and
 measurement attribute for the recognition and measurement of a
 tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
 FIN No. 48 requires the Company to recognize, in the
 financial statements, the impact of a tax position if that
 position is more likely than not of being sustained under audit,
 based on the technical merits of the position. The Company
 adopted FIN No. 48 effective February 4, 2007
 (see Note 18).

F-9

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

Revenue
 Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue, which excludes sales tax, at
 either the point-of-sale or at the time merchandise is delivered
 to the customer and all significant obligations have been
 satisfied. The Company has a customer return policy allowing
 customers to return merchandise with proper documentation. A
 reserve is provided for estimated merchandise returns, based on
 historical returns experience, and is reflected as an adjustment
 to sales and costs of merchandise sold.

Other
 Income 

The Company licenses space to third parties in its stores and
 receives compensation based on a percentage of sales made in
 these departments, receives revenues from customers for delivery
 of certain items and services (primarily associated with its
 furniture operations) and, commencing November 2005, receives
 revenues under a Credit Card Program Agreement (see
 Note 12), all of which are recorded within other income. In
 addition, the Company recovers a portion of its cost from the
 disposal of damaged or otherwise distressed merchandise; this
 recovery is recorded within other income.

Advertising 

Advertising production costs are expensed the first time the
 advertisement is run. Media placement costs are expensed in the
 period the advertising appears. Total advertising expenses, net
 of vendor allowances, included in SG A expense for 2007,
 2006 and 2005 were 144,260, 139,842 and 76,015, respectively.
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets include prepaid
 advertising costs of 7,291 and 5,346 at February 2, 2008
 and February 3, 2007, respectively.

Vendor
 Allowances 

As is standard industry practice, the Company receives
 allowances from merchandise vendors as reimbursement for charges
 incurred on marked-down merchandise. Vendor allowances are
 credited to costs of merchandise sold, provided the allowance
 is: (1) collectable, (2) for merchandise either
 permanently marked down or sold, (3) not predicated on a
 future purchase, (4) not predicated on a future increase in
 the purchase price from the vendor, and (5) authorized by
 internal management. If the aforementioned criteria are not met,
 the Company reflects the allowance dollars as an adjustment to
 the cost of merchandise capitalized in inventory.

Additionally, the Company receives allowances from vendors in
 connection with cooperative advertising programs and for
 reimbursement of certain payroll expenses. These amounts are
 recognized by the Company as a reduction of the related
 advertising or payroll costs that have been incurred and
 reflected in SG A expense. The Company reviews these
 allowances received from each vendor to ensure reimbursements
 are for specific, incremental and identifiable advertising or
 payroll costs incurred by the Company to sell the vendor s
 products. If a vendor reimbursement exceeds the costs incurred
 by the Company, the excess reimbursement is recorded as a
 reduction of cost purchases from the vendor and reflected as a
 reduction of costs of merchandise sold when the related
 merchandise is sold.

Purchase Order
 Violations 

The Company, consistent with industry practice, mandates that
 vendor merchandise shipments conform to certain standards. These
 standards are usually defined in the purchase order and include
 items such as proper ticketing, security tagging, quantity,
 packaging, on-time delivery, etc. Failure by vendors to conform
 to these standards increases the Company s merchandise
 handling

F-10

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

costs. Accordingly, various purchase order violation charges are
 billed to vendors; these charges are reflected by the Company as
 a reduction of costs of merchandise sold in the period in which
 the respective violations occur. The Company establishes
 reserves for purchase order violations that may become
 uncollectable.

Self-Insurance
 Liabilities 

The Company is self-insured for certain losses related to
 workers compensation and health insurance, although it
 maintains stop-loss coverage with third party insurers to limit
 exposures. The estimate of its self-insurance liability contains
 uncertainty since the Company must use judgment to estimate the
 ultimate cost that will be incurred to settle reported claims
 and claims for incidents incurred but not reported as of the
 balance sheet date. When estimating its self-insurance
 liability, the Company considers a number of factors which
 include, but are not limited to, historical claim experience,
 demographic factors, severity factors and information provided
 by independent third-party advisors.

Revolving
 Charge Accounts 

Prior to the July 8, 2005 sale of the Company s
 proprietary credit card accounts and related accounts receivable
 to HSBC Bank Nevada, N.A. HSBC (see Note 12),
 the Company reflected finance charge income and late fees on
 customer revolving charge accounts as a reduction of SG A
 expense. Finance charge income and late fees earned by the
 Company for 2005, before considering costs of administering and
 servicing revolving charge accounts, were 27,504.

Fair Value of
 Financial Instruments 

The carrying values of the Company s cash and cash
 equivalents, accounts payable and obligations under capital
 leases approximate fair value. The Company discloses the fair
 value of its long-term debt and derivative financial instruments
 in Notes 9 and 10, respectively. Fair value estimates of
 the Company s long-term debt and derivative financial
 instruments are based on market prices or derived from
 discounted cash flow analyses, respectively.

Concentration
 of Credit Risk 

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
 concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and
 cash equivalents. The Company manages the credit risk associated
 with cash and cash equivalents by maintaining cash accounts and
 investing with high-quality institutions. The Company maintains
 cash accounts, primarily on an overnight basis, which may exceed
 federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any
 losses from maintaining cash accounts in excess of such limits.
 The Company believes that it is not exposed to any significant
 risks related to its cash accounts.

Operating
 Leases 

The Company leases a majority of its retail stores under
 operating leases. Many of the lease agreements contain rent
 holidays, rent escalation clauses and contingent rent
 provisions or some combination of these items. The
 Company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis over
 the accounting lease term, which includes cancelable option
 periods where failure to exercise such options would result in
 an economic penalty. In calculating straight-line rent expense,
 the Company utilizes an accounting lease term that equals or
 exceeds the time period used for depreciation. Additionally, the
 commencement date of the accounting lease term reflects the
 earlier of the date the

F-11

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

Company becomes legally obligated for the rent payments or the
 date the Company takes possession of the building for initial
 construction and setup. The excess of rent expense over the
 actual cash paid is recorded as deferred rent.

Share-Based
 Compensation 

Prior to 2006, the Company applied the intrinsic value method as
 prescribed in Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25,
 Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees APB
 No. 25 ), and related interpretations, in accounting
 for stock options granted under the Company s stock option
 plans. Under the intrinsic value method, no compensation cost is
 recognized if the exercise price of the Company s stock
 options was equal to or greater than the market price of the
 underlying stock on the date of grant. Accordingly, no
 compensation cost was recognized in the accompanying
 consolidated statements of income prior to 2006 on stock options
 granted, since all options granted under the Company s
 stock option plans had an exercise price equal to the market
 value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant.

Effective January 29, 2006, the Company adopted
 SFAS No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment 
 SFAS No. 123R ). This statement replaces
 SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based
 Compensation SFAS No. 123 ), and
 supersedes APB No. 25. SFAS No. 123R requires
 that all share-based compensation be recognized as an expense in
 the financial statements and that such cost be measured at the
 fair value of the award. SFAS No. 123R was adopted
 using the modified prospective method of application, which
 requires the Company to recognize compensation cost on a
 prospective basis. Therefore, prior years financial
 statements have not been restated. Under this method, the
 Company recorded share-based compensation expense for awards
 granted prior to, but not yet vested as of, January 28,
 2006 using the fair value amounts determined for pro forma
 disclosures under SFAS No. 123. For share-based awards
 granted after January 28, 2006, the Company recognizes
 compensation expense based on estimated grant date fair value
 using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.

The Company has elected to adopt the shortcut method provided in
 Staff Position No. FAS 123(R)-3, Transition
 Election Related to Accounting for the Tax Effects of
 Share-Based Payment Awards, for determining the initial
 pool of excess tax benefits available to absorb tax deficiencies
 related to share-based compensation subsequent to the adoption
 of SFAS No. 123R. The shortcut method includes
 simplified procedures for establishing the beginning balance of
 the pool of excess tax benefits (the APIC Tax Pool and for determining the subsequent effect on the APIC Tax Pool
 and the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows of
 the tax effects of share-based compensation awards.

Excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation in 2005
 are reflected in operating activities. In a change from previous
 standards, SFAS No. 123R requires that excess tax
 benefits related to share-based compensation be reflected as
 financing cash inflows.

F-12

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

Earnings Per
 Share 

The presentation of earnings per share EPS requires a reconciliation of the numerators and denominators
 used in basic and diluted EPS calculations. The numerator, net
 income, is identical in both calculations. The following table
 presents a reconciliation of the weighted average shares
 outstanding used in EPS calculations for each of 2007, 2006 and
 2005:

2007

2006

2005

Shares

EPS

Shares

EPS

Shares

EPS

Basic Calculation

16,545,101

0.70

16,430,554

2.85

16,204,414

1.61

Effect of dilutive shares 

Restricted shares and restricted stock units

387,227

279,401

132,430

Stock options

140,870

131,228

181,424

Diluted Calculation

17,073,198

0.68

16,841,183

2.78

16,518,268

1.57

The following average potential shares of Common Stock were
 excluded from diluted EPS because their effect would have been
 antidilutive:

2007

2006

2005

Restricted shares and restricted stock units

53,194

9,591

Stock options

304,696

144,642

64,787

Future
 Accounting Changes 

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157,
 Fair Value Measurements 
 SFAS No. 157 ). SFAS No. 157
 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair
 value in generally accepted accounting principles, and expands
 disclosures about fair value measurements, but does not require
 any new fair value measurements. SFAS No. 157 is
 effective for years beginning after November 15, 2007 for
 financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value
 on a recurring basis. The FASB has agreed to a one-year deferral
 of SFAS No. 157 s fair-value measurement
 requirements for non-financial assets and liabilities that are
 not required or permitted to be measured at fair value on a
 recurring basis. The Company expects the adoption of this
 statement will not have a material impact on the consolidated
 financial statements.

In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159,
 The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial
 Liabilities SFAS No. 159 ).
 SFAS No. 159 permits companies to measure many
 financial instruments and certain other assets and liabilities
 at fair value on an instrument by instrument basis.
 SFAS No. 159 also establishes presentation and
 disclosure requirements to facilitate comparisons between
 companies that select different measurement attributes for
 similar types of assets and liabilities. SFAS No. 159
 is effective for years beginning after November 15, 2007.
 The Company expects the adoption of this statement will not have
 a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141
 (Revised 2007), Business Combinations 
 SFAS No. 141(R) ).
 SFAS No. 141(R) will significantly change the
 accounting for business combinations. Under
 SFAS No. 141(R), an acquiring entity will be required
 to recognize all assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a
 transaction at the acquisition-date fair value with limited

F-13

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

exceptions. The statement also provides guidance for recognizing
 and measuring the goodwill acquired in the business combination
 and determines what information to disclose to enable users of
 the financial statements to evaluate the nature and financial
 effects of the business combination. SFAS No. 141(R)
 is effective for years beginning after December 15, 2008.
 As such, the adoption of this statement will affect any
 acquisitions into which the Company may enter subsequent to
 January 31, 2009.

In March 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 161,
 Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging
 Activities an Amendment of FASB Statement
 No. 133 SFAS No. 161 ).
 SFAS No. 161 requires companies to provide qualitative
 disclosures about the objectives and strategies for using
 derivatives, quantitative data about the fair value of and gains
 and losses on derivative contracts, and details of
 credit-risk-related contingent features in their hedged
 positions. The statement also requires companies to disclose
 more information about the location and amounts of derivative
 instruments in financial statements; how derivatives and related
 hedges are accounted for under SFAS No. 133,
 Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
 Activities SFAS No. 133 and how
 the hedges affect the entity s financial position,
 financial performance and cash flows. SFAS No. 161 is
 effective for years beginning after November 15, 2008. The
 Company is in the process of evaluating what effect, if any,
 adoption of SFAS No. 161 may have on the consolidated
 financial statements.

2. 

CARSON S
 ACQUISITION 

Effective March 5, 2006, pursuant to the October 29,
 2005 purchase agreement with Saks, as amended, the Company
 acquired all of the outstanding securities of two subsidiaries
 of Saks that were solely related to the business of owning and
 operating the 142 retail department stores that operated under
 the names Carson Pirie Scott, Younkers, Herberger s, Boston
 Store and Bergner s. The stores are located in
 12 states in the Midwest and upper Great Plains regions.

Under the terms of the purchase agreement, the Company paid
 1,040,188 in cash. The Company financed the Carson s
 acquisition, payment of related fees and expenses and the payoff
 of its existing indebtedness through the issuance of
 10 1 / 4 Senior
 Notes due 2014 in the aggregate principal amount of 510,000,
 entry into a 1,000,000 senior secured revolving credit facility
 led by Bank of America, N.A. Bank of America as
 agent, and entry into a 260,000 mortgage loan facility with
 Bank of America as lender (see Note 9).

F-14

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

During the first quarter of 2007, the Company made its final
 purchase accounting allocations in accordance with
 SFAS No. 141, Business Combinations. 
 Additional professional fees increased the total purchase price
 by 51, property, fixtures and equipment was reduced by 397 due
 to a valuation adjustment and, as a result of those adjustments,
 goodwill increased 448. The final purchase price and purchase
 price allocation at the date of acquisition are reflected in the
 following table:

Final Purchase Price

Cash purchase

1,040,188

Carson s severance

514

Professional fees incurred

11,863

Total

1,052,565

Final Purchase Price Allocation 

Cash and cash equivalents

3,110

Merchandise inventories

455,207

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

33,687

Property, fixtures and equipment

724,447

Deferred income taxes

21,951

Goodwill

24,860

Intangible assets

178,180

Other long-term assets

9,040

Total assets acquired

1,450,482

Accounts payable

(158,860

Accrued payroll and benefits

(34,560

Other accrued expenses

(79,088

Obligations under capital leases

(73,000

Other long-term liabilities

(52,409

Total liabilities assumed

(397,917

Net assets acquired

1,052,565

The Company has filed a section 338(h)(10) election under
 the Internal Revenue Code Section 338 ). The
 Section 338 election essentially enables a buyer to account
 for a stock purchase as an asset purchase for income tax
 purposes.

F-15

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The following unaudited pro forma consolidated financial data
 give effect to the Carson s acquisition as if it had
 occurred as of the beginning of 2006:

2006

Net sales

3,543,886

Other income

94,558

Costs and expenses:

Costs of merchandise sold

2,251,416

Selling, general and administrative

1,115,313

Depreciation and amortization

110,062

Amortization of lease-related interests

3,546

Income from operations

158,107

Interest expense, net

116,960

Income before income taxes

41,147

Income tax provision

12,155

Net income 

28,992

Net income per share:

Basic

1 .76

Diluted

1 .72

The pro forma information includes the following non-recurring
 charges: 15,569 of integration costs recorded in SG A
 expense, which includes severance and relocation expense related
 to the transition of the Company s merchandising and
 marketing staff to Milwaukee, Wisconsin in the amount of 5,943;
 2,319 of charges in interest expense related to the write-off
 of deferred financing fees associated with the Company s
 previous revolving credit agreement; and 4,500 included in
 interest expense related to the write-off of commitment fees
 associated with a bridge loan in connection with the
 Carson s acquisition.

The pro forma information does not purport to be indicative of
 the results that actually would have been achieved if the
 operations were combined during the period presented and is not
 intended to be a projection of future results or trends.

F-16

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

3. PROPERTY,
 FIXTURES AND EQUIPMENT 

Property, fixtures and equipment and related accumulated
 depreciation and amortization consisted of:

February 2, 

February 3, 

2008

2007

Land and improvements

122,039

120,521

Buildings and leasehold improvements

630,239

580,579

Furniture and equipment

483,936

440,383

Buildings and equipment under capital leases

67,520

67,563

1,303,734

1,209,046

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization

(418,279

(311,160

Net property, fixtures and equipment

885,455

897,886

Property, fixtures and equipment with a net book value of
 375,774 and 393,361 were pledged as collateral for secured
 loans (see Note 9) at February 2, 2008 and
 February 3, 2007, respectively.

Accumulated depreciation and amortization includes 7,799 and
 3,948 at February 2, 2008 and February 3, 2007,
 respectively, related to buildings and equipment under capital
 leases. Amortization of buildings and equipment under capital
 leases is included within depreciation and amortization expense.

Depreciation expense related to property, fixtures and equipment
 of 116,845, 102,204 and 26,940 was included in depreciation
 and amortization expense for 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

Asset impairment charges of 2,747 related to the reduction in
 the estimated net realizable value of certain store properties
 were recorded in 2007. Impairment losses of 2,923 were recorded
 in 2006, relating to a reduction in the estimated net realizable
 value of a store property and a reduction in the value of
 duplicate information systems software resulting from the
 acquisition of Carson s. No impairment loss was recorded in
 2005. The charges are included in depreciation and amortization
 expense (see Note 1).

F-17

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

4. 

GOODWILL AND
 INTANGIBLES 

Goodwill and intangible assets consist of the following:

February 2, 

February 3, 

2008

2007

Goodwill

17,767

27,377

Intangible assets subject to amortization 

Gross amount:

Lease-related interests

102,174

102,174

Customer lists and relationships

22,926

22,600

Private label brand names

500

500

Total gross amount

125,600

125,274

Accumulated amortization:

Lease-related interests

(17,976

(11,102

Customer lists and relationships

(3,631

(848

Private label brand names

(311

(137

Total accumulated amortization

(21,918

(12,087

Net intangible assets subject to amortization

103,682

113,187

Intangible assets not subject to amortization 

Trade names

50,700

50,700

Private label brand names

11,477

12,800

Other intangibles

13

13

Total intangible assets not subject to amortization

62,190

63,513

Net intangible assets

165,872

176,700

Goodwill increased 448 in 2007 as a result of the Company
 making its final Carson s purchase accounting allocations
 (see Note 2). In addition, in accordance with
 SFAS No. 109, in 2007 the Company reduced goodwill
 associated with the Carson s acquisition by 10,058, and
 recorded a corresponding increase of 7,043 in non-current
 deferred income taxes and a 3,015 reduction in current income
 taxes payable.

Private label brand names not subject to amortization were
 reduced by 1,323 as a result of an impairment charge (see
 Note 1), which is included within depreciation and
 amortization expense.

Lease-related interests reflect below-market-rate leases
 purchased in store acquisitions completed in 1992 through 2006
 that were adjusted to reflect fair market value. The
 lease-related interests, including the unfavorable lease-related
 interests included in other long-term liabilities (see
 Note 5), are being amortized on a straight-line method and
 reported as amortization of lease-related interests 
 in the Consolidated Statements of Income. At February 2,
 2008, these lease-related interests have weighted-average
 remaining lives of fourteen years for amortization purposes.

F-18

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

At February 2, 2008, customer lists and relationships are
 being amortized on a declining-balance method over the remaining
 lives of eleven years, and the private label brand names are
 being amortized on a straight-line method over the remaining
 life of one year.

The amortization from the customer lists and relationships and
 private label brand names is included within depreciation and
 amortization expense.

Amortization of 2,957, 985 and 305 was recorded on customer
 lists and relationships and private label brand names during
 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Amortization of 4,978,
 3,720 and 839 was recorded for favorable and unfavorable
 lease-related interests during 2007, 2006 and 2005,
 respectively. The Company anticipates amortization on customer
 lists and relationships and private label brand names of
 approximately 2,760 in 2008, 2,404 in 2009, 2,216 in 2010,
 2,042 in 2011 and 1,890 in 2012. The Company anticipates
 amortization for favorable and unfavorable lease-related
 interests of approximately 4,866 in 2008, 4,866 in 2009,
 4,555 in 2010, 4,747 in 2011 and 4,698 in 2012.

5. 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets were comprised of the
 following:

February 2, 

February 3, 

2008

2007

Landlord receivables

1,050

15,000

Prepaid expenses

35,384

29,527

Other

41,898

40,204

Total

78,332

84,731

Accrued expenses were comprised of the following:

February 2, 

February 3, 

2008

2007

Customer liabilities

46,319

42,966

Taxes

36,214

39,959

Other

84,070

95,717

Total

166,603

178,642

Other long-term liabilities were comprised of the following:

February 2, 

February 3, 

2008

2007

Real estate lease related

38,398

25,490

Unfavorable lease-related interests

12,974

12,974

Deferred revenue

9,616

12,190

Other

51,067

35,729

Total

112,055

86,383

F-19

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

6. 

INTEGRATION
 ACTIVITIES 

In connection with the acquisition of Carson s, the Company
 developed integration plans which included the transfer of
 Bon-Ton s existing merchandising and marketing functions to
 Carson s former headquarters in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. This
 plan resulted in involuntary associate termination charges of
 4,760 in 2006, which were reflected in SG A expense.
 Payments in the amount of 4,427 were made during 2006; the
 balance of the involuntary termination costs was fully paid as
 of November 3, 2007.

In connection with the Elder-Beerman acquisition, the Company
 developed integration plans resulting in involuntary
 terminations, employee relocations, and lease terminations.
 Involuntary termination benefits and relocation expenses were
 fully paid as of January 28, 2006. The liability for
 terminated leases will be paid over the remaining contract
 periods ending in 2030.

Liabilities recognized in connection with the acquisition and
 integration activities are as follows:

Termination 

Employee 

Lease 

Benefits

Relocation

Termination

Total

Balance at January 29, 2005

420

388

1,158

1,966

Payments during 2005

(420

(264

(83

(767

Other adjustments

(124

(124

Balance at January 28, 2006

1,075

1,075

Charges during 2006

4,760

4,760

Payments during 2006

(4,427

(88

(4,515

Balance at February 3, 2007

333

987

1,320

Charges during 2007

(17

(17

Payments during 2007

(316

(92

(408

Balance at February 2, 2008

895

895

Other adjustments represent refinements to anticipated
 liabilities established under provisions of Emerging Issues Task
 Force Issue
 No. 95-3, 
 Recognition of Liabilities in Connection With a Purchase
 Business Combination, and resulted in reductions in
 certain opening balance sheet assets in the Elder-Beerman
 acquisition that were recorded as part of purchase accounting.

7. 

EXIT OR DISPOSAL
 ACTIVITIES 

In conjunction with the Carson s acquisition, the Company
 entered into a transition services agreement TSA with Saks pursuant to which Saks provided the Company with
 various services related to Carson s. In the third quarter
 of 2006, the Company determined that, for the accounting and
 procurement services portion of the TSA, a benefit would no
 longer be received and the payments related to those services
 for the remaining term of the TSA should be accrued.
 Accordingly, the Company recorded a charge within SG A
 expense of 1,155 during 2006, of which 924 and 231 was paid
 in 2006 and 2007, respectively.

On November 27, 2007, the Company announced that it would
 close its Elder-Beerman Morgantown East store located in
 Morgantown, West Virginia. In connection with the closing of
 this

F-20

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

store, the Company developed plans resulting in involuntary
 associate termination costs and other closing costs of 20 and
 86, respectively. During 2007, the company recognized 20 of
 the expected involuntary associate termination costs and 10 of
 the other closing costs, which were included within SG A
 expense. The Company expects to pay the involuntary associate
 termination payments and incur the remaining other closing costs
 during the first quarter of 2008.

In May 2007, the Company closed its Northtown store located in
 Buffalo, New York and its Irondequoit store located in
 Rochester, New York. In connection with the closing of the two
 stores, charges related to involuntary associate termination
 costs and other closing costs of 155 and 145, respectively,
 were incurred during 2007. These charges are reflected within
 SG A expense. In addition, the Company sold an owned
 property in conjunction with the closing of its Irondequoit
 store and paid, in full, the related mortgage. The Company
 recognized a 510 gain on the building sale within SG A
 expense and a 1,019 loss on the mortgage payoff within interest
 expense, net.

In March 2007, the Company closed its distribution center
 located in Ankeny, Iowa. Charges related to involuntary
 associate termination costs and other costs associated with the
 closing of this distribution center were 711 and 145,
 respectively. The Company recognized 233 of the involuntary
 associate termination costs during 2006. The remaining
 involuntary associate termination costs and other expected costs
 of 478 and 145, respectively, were incurred during 2007. These
 charges are reflected within SG A expense. The Company
 entered into a sublease agreement with a third party in August
 2007 and anticipates the income from such agreement will
 approximate the remaining rent obligation.

In February 2007, the Company closed its Younkers store located
 in the Town Square Shopping Center in downtown Sioux City, Iowa.
 The Company developed plans resulting in involuntary associate
 termination costs and other closing costs of 68 and 85,
 respectively. During 2006, the Company recognized 46 of the
 total expected involuntary associate termination costs. The
 Company recorded the remaining involuntary associate termination
 costs and other expected costs of 22 and 85, respectively,
 during 2007. These charges are reflected within SG A
 expense.

In February 2007, the Company closed its Carson Pirie Scott
 store at One South State Street in Chicago, Illinois. In
 connection with the closing of this store, the Company developed
 plans resulting in involuntary associate termination costs and
 other closing costs of 2,914 and 1,383, respectively. During
 2006, the Company recognized 2,436 of the total expected
 involuntary associate termination costs and 273 of other costs.
 The Company recorded the remaining involuntary associate
 termination costs and closing costs of 478 and 1,110,
 respectively, during 2007. These charges are reflected within
 SG A expense.

In January 2006, the Company closed its Great Northern and
 Shoppingtown stores in the Syracuse, New York area, its Walden
 Galleria store in Buffalo, New York and its Lebanon,
 Pennsylvania store. In connection with the closing of the four
 stores, the Company developed plans resulting in involuntary
 associate termination costs and other closing costs of 274 and
 461, respectively. In addition, the Company incurred a lease
 termination fee of 1,462, to be paid through February 1,
 2008, related to the Walden Galleria store closing. These
 charges are reflected within SG A expense.

In 2005, in connection with the sale of its credit card
 accounts, the Company developed plans resulting in involuntary
 associate terminations, contract termination and other costs,
 and incurred charges of 519, 200 and 10, respectively. These
 charges are included within SG A expense. The Company
 recorded expense of 6 related to involuntary associate
 terminations in 2006. In July 2007, the Company reduced the
 provision related to involuntary associate terminations and
 contract terminations by 46 and 11, respectively. The
 liability for the contract termination was fully paid during
 2007.

F-21

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

Following is a reconciliation of accruals related to the
 Company s closing activities:

2007

2006

2005

Beginning balance

3,384

1,240

Provisions:

Lease termination fee

(4

1,462

Contract termination

(11

200

Associate termination benefits

1,107

2,721

793

Other closing costs

1,495

1,428

471

Total

2,587

4,149

2,926

Payments:

Lease termination fee

(340

(439

(680

Contract termination

(21

(136

(32

Associate termination benefits

(3,864

(233

(503

Other closing costs

(1,726

(1,197

(471

Total

(5,951

(2,005

(1,686

Balance at year-end

20

3,384

1,240

8. 

EMPLOYEE BENEFIT
 PLANS 

The Company provides eligible employees with retirement benefits
 under a 401(k) salary reduction and retirement contribution plan
 (the Plan ). Employees are eligible to receive a
 company contribution in the Plan after they reach the age of 18,
 complete one year of service, are employed the last day of the
 plan year and work at least 1,000 hours in any calendar
 year. Under the Plan provisions, the majority of eligible
 employees are permitted to contribute up to 50 of their
 compensation to the Plan. Employees are permitted to begin
 non-matching contributions to the Plan after three months of
 service in a benefit status position. Employees are
 automatically enrolled to contribute 3 of pay unless the
 employee actively modifies or declines the election. Company
 matching contributions, not to exceed 6 of eligible
 employees compensation, are at the discretion of the
 Company s Board of Directors. Company matching
 contributions under the Plan become fully vested for eligible
 employees after three years of service. Contributions to the
 Plan under the retirement contribution provisions are at the
 discretion of the Company s Board of Directors. Retirement
 contributions made through 2007 become fully vested after five
 years of service; retirement contributions to be made during
 2008 and beyond will become fully vested after three years of
 service.

Effective with the Carson s acquisition (see Note 2),
 employees of Carson s who met the eligibility requirements
 described above were immediately eligible to participate in the
 Plan. Vesting credits under Saks plan earned prior to the
 acquisition were carried over to the Plan. Loans and rollovers
 were also permitted. The Company s matching contribution
 for Carson s employees for 2006 was based on employee
 contributions to the Plan and salary earned commencing
 March 5, 2006.

The Company s 2007, 2006 and 2005 expense under the 401(k)
 Plan was 9,239, 10,382 and 3,995, respectively.

F-22

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The Company provides a supplementary pension plan to certain key
 executives. Employees become 100 vested in the plan benefits
 after achieving a specific age as defined in each
 employee s agreement. The benefits from this unfunded plan
 are paid upon retirement, providing the employee is age 60.

In addition, as a result of the acquisition of Elder-Beerman,
 the Company assumed a liability for a supplementary pension
 plan. The benefits from this unfunded plan are paid upon
 retirement, provided that the participant is age 65. All
 participants in this plan are fully vested.

As part of the Carson s acquisition, the Company acquired a
 defined benefit pension plan and unfunded supplemental pension
 plans. In connection with the acquisition, all future benefit
 accruals in the defined benefit plan were frozen, the effect of
 which was treated as a purchase accounting adjustment. The
 defined benefit pension plan is also closed to new participants.

The Company also acquired a postretirement benefit plan as part
 of the Carson s acquisition. The unfunded postretirement
 plan provides medical and life insurance benefits. The medical
 portion of the plan is contributory, and contains cost-sharing
 features such as deductibles and co-insurance. The life
 insurance benefits of this plan are noncontributory.

Effective February 3, 2007, the Company adopted
 SFAS No. 158, Employers Accounting for
 Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement
 Plans an amendment of FASB Statements No. 87,
 88, 106, and 132(R) SFAS No. 158 ).
 SFAS No. 158 requires employers to recognize the
 funded status of defined benefit pension and other
 postretirement benefit plans on the balance sheet and to
 recognize, in other comprehensive income (loss), changes in the
 funded status that arise during the period but have not been
 recognized as a component of net periodic cost.
 SFAS No. 158 revises the disclosures required about
 pension and other postretirement plans. Additionally,
 SFAS No. 158 requires employers to measure the funded
 status of a plan as of the date of its year-end balance sheet.
 The Company has historically measured plan assets and benefit
 obligations as of its balance sheet date.

F-23

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

Benefit obligations, fair value of plan assets and funded status
 of the plans are as follows:

Medical and 

Life Insurance 

Pension Benefits

Benefits

2007

2006

2007

2006

Change in benefit obligation:

Benefit obligation at beginning of year

223,153

4,065

7,599

Carson s acquisition

223,289

7,703

Service cost

130

125

Interest cost

12,166

11,329

411

378

Participant contributions

347

245

Benefits paid

(23,902

(17,380

(916

(964

Plan amendments

18

Actuarial (gain) loss

(10,838

1,707

(856

237

Benefit obligation at end of year

200,709

223,153

6,585

7,599

Change in the fair value of plan assets:

Plan assets at beginning of year

204,153

Carson s acquisition

200,679

Actual return on plan assets

7,889

18,272

Company contributions

798

2,582

569

719

Participant contributions

347

245

Benefits paid

(23,902

(17,380

(916

(964

Plan assets at end of year

188,938

204,153

Funded status

(11,771

(19,000

(6,585

(7,599

Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets consist of:

Medical and 

Life Insurance 

Pension Benefits

Benefits

2007

2006

2007

2006

Other long-term assets

2,560

Accrued expenses

(1 ,397

(964

(931

(913

Other long-term liabilities

(12,934

(18,036

(5,654

(6,686

Net amount recognized

(11,771

(19,000

(6,585

(7,599

F-24

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income
 consist of:

Medical and 

Life Insurance 

Pension Benefits

Benefits

2007

2006

2007

2006

Net prior service cost

14

18

Net actuarial (gain) loss

(7,859

(3,489

(619

237

Gross amount recognized

(7,845

(3,471

(619

237

Deferred tax expense (benefit)

2,933

1,289

232

(88

Net amount recognized

(4,912

(2,182

(387

149

The accumulated benefit obligation for all of the defined
 benefit and supplemental pension plans was 198,823 and 221,394
 at February 2, 2008 and February 3, 2007, respectively.

Amounts of pension benefit plans with benefit obligations or
 accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets are as
 follows:

2007

2006

Pension benefit plans with benefit obligations in excess of plan
 assets

Aggregate benefit obligation

14,331

223,153

Fair value of plan assets

204,153

Pension benefit plans with accumulated benefit obligations in
 excess of plan assets

Aggregate benefit obligation

12,445

221,394

Fair value of plan assets

204,153

F-25

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

Components of net periodic benefit (income) expense and other
 amounts recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss before
 income taxes are as follows:

Medical and 

Life Insurance 

Pension Benefits

Benefits

2007

2006

2005

2007

2006

Net periodic benefit (income) expense:

Service cost

130

125

91

Interest cost

12,166

11,329

213

411

378

Expected return on plan assets

(14,673

(13,074

Recognition of prior service cost

4

Recognition of net actuarial loss

316

Recognized gain

(17

Net periodic benefit (income) expense

(2,057

(1,620

287

411

378

Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized
 in other comprehensive (income) loss, before taxes:

Prior service cost

18

Actuarial net (gain) loss

(4,054

480

(856

Recognition of prior service cost

(4

Recognition of net actuarial loss

(316

Total recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss, before
 taxes

(4,374

498

(856

Total recognized in net periodic cost and other comprehensive
 (income) loss, before taxes

(6,431

(1,122

287

(445

378

The Company estimates the following amounts will be amortized
 from accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss to net
 periodic cost during 2008:

Medical and 

Pension 

Life Insurance 

Benefits

Benefits

Net prior service cost

4

Net actuarial loss (gain)

505

Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit
 obligations are as follows:

Medical and 

Life Insurance 

Pension Benefits

Benefits

2007

2006

2007

2006

Discount rate

6.20

5.75

6.20

5.75

Rate of compensation increase

3.00

3.00

N/A

N/A

F-26

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

For measurement of the medical and life insurance benefits plan,
 the Company assumed a 9 annual rate of increase in the per
 capita cost of covered health care benefits for 2008, grading
 down to 5.5 by 2012.

Weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic
 benefit (income) expense are as follows:

Medical and 

Life Insurance 

Pension Benefits

Benefits

2007

2006

2005

2007

2006

Discount rate

5.75

5.75

5.50

5.75

5.75

Expected long-term return on plan assets

7.60

7.50

N/A

N/A

N/A

Rate of compensation increase

3.00

3.00

N/A

N/A

N/A

The Company s discount rate assumption is evaluated
 annually. As a result of the Carson s acquisition, the
 Company reevaluated the method for determining the discount
 rate. For the years ended February 2, 2008 and
 February 3, 2007, the Company utilized the Citibank Pension
 Discount Curve CPDC ). The CPDC is developed by
 beginning with a U.S. Treasury par curve that reflects the
 Treasury Coupon and Strips market. Option-adjusted spreads drawn
 from the double-A corporate bond sector are layered in to
 develop a double-A corporate par curve, from which the CPDC spot
 rates are developed. The CPDC spot rates are applied to expected
 benefit payments, from which a single constant discount rate can
 then be developed. The Company believes that utilizing the CPDC
 to develop the discount rate is preferable because the developed
 discount rate is based on the expected timing of benefit
 payments. For the year ended January 28, 2006, the discount
 rate was based on the Moody s long-term AA corporate bond
 rate.

The Company bases its asset return assumption on current and
 expected allocations of assets, as well as a long-term view of
 expected returns on the plan asset categories. The Company
 assesses the appropriateness of the expected rate of return on
 an annual basis and, when necessary, revises the assumption.

In 2003, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and
 Modernization Act of 2003 (the Act became law.
 Among other things, the Act introduced a federal subsidy to
 sponsors of retiree health care benefit plans that provide a
 benefit that is at least actuarially equivalent to Medicare
 Part D. The Company is currently evaluating whether the
 postretirement benefit plan drug benefit is at least actuarially
 equivalent to Medicare Part D. Consequently, the
 postretirement benefit obligation and net periodic
 postretirement benefit expense do not reflect any amount
 associated with the subsidy.

Assumed health care cost trend rate can have a significant
 effect on the amounts reported for the postretirement health
 care plan. A one-percentage point change in assumed health care
 costs would have the following effects:

One- 

One- 

Percentage 

Percentage 

Point 

Point 

Increase

Decrease

Effect on total service and interest cost components

21

(19

Effect on postretirement benefit obligation

338

(310

F-27

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The weighted average pension plan asset allocation is as follows:

2007

2006

Equity securities

63

65

Fixed income

31

29

Real estate

6

6

The Company s target pension plan asset allocation of
 equity securities, fixed income and real estate at
 February 2, 2008 and February 3, 2007 was 65 , 30 and
 5 , respectively. Investment objectives for the pension plan
 assets include:

Providing a long-term return on plan assets that provides
 sufficient assets to fund pension plan liabilities at an
 acceptable level of risk.

Maximizing the long-term return on plan assets by investing
 primarily in equity securities. The inclusion of additional
 asset classes with differing rates of return, volatility and
 correlation are utilized to reduce risk by providing
 diversification relative to equity securities.

Diversifying investments within asset classes to reduce the
 impact of losses in a single investment.

The pension plan assets are invested in compliance with the
 Employee Retirement Income Security Act as amended, and any
 subsequent regulations and laws. The Company does not permit
 direct purchases of its securities.

Information about the expected cash flows related to the pension
 and other postretirement benefit plans is as follows:

Medical and 

Pension 

Life Insurance 

Benefits

Benefits

Expected Company contributions in 2008

1,396

931

Expected plan benefit payments (net of expected participant
 contributions) for year:

2008

22,687

931

2009

19,026

896

2010

17,046

855

2011

15,988

806

2012

15,554

750

2013-2017 

76,721

2,854

F-28

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

9. 

LONG-TERM
 DEBT 

Long-term debt consisted of the following:

February 2, 

February 3, 

2008

2007

Senior secured credit facility expires March 6,
 2011; interest payable periodically at varying rates (6.86 
 weighted average for 2007)

310,844

342,300

Senior notes mature on March 15, 2014; interest
 payable each March 15 and September 15 at 10.25 

510,000

510,000

Mortgage loan facility principal payable in varying
 monthly installments, with balance due March 6, 2016;
 interest payable monthly at 6.21 ; secured by land and buildings

252,086

256,568

Mortgage notes payable principal payable in varying
 monthly installments through June 2016; interest payable monthly
 at 9.62 ; secured by land and buildings

11,567

15,856

Mortgage note payable principal payable
 January 1, 2011; interest payable monthly at 5.00 ; secured
 by a building and fixtures

1,000

1,000

Total debt

1,085,497

1,125,724

Less: current maturities

(5,656

(5,555

Long-term debt

1,079,841

1,120,169

On March 6, 2006, The Bon-Ton Department Stores, Inc., a
 wholly owned subsidiary of The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc., and certain
 of its subsidiaries, Bank of America and certain other lenders
 entered into a Loan and Security Agreement Senior Secured
 Credit Facility that provides for up to 1,000,000 of
 revolver borrowings. The Senior Secured Credit Facility includes
 a last-in, 
 first-out revolving credit facility of up to 900,000 and a
 first-in, 
 last-out revolving credit facility of up to 100,000 and has a
 sub-limit of 150,000 for the issuance of standby and
 documentary letters of credit. All borrowings under the Senior
 Secured Credit Facility are limited by amounts available
 pursuant to a borrowing base calculation, which is based on
 percentages of eligible inventory, real estate and fixed assets,
 with a reduction for applicable reserves. The Senior Secured
 Credit Facility is guaranteed by The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. and
 certain of its subsidiaries. The Senior Secured Credit Facility
 is secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company,
 except for certain mortgaged real property. As part of the
 Senior Secured Credit Facility, Bank of America and the other
 lenders will make available certain swing line loans in an
 aggregate amount not to exceed 75,000 outstanding at any one
 time. Borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Facility bear
 interest at either (i) the prime rate established by Bank
 of America, from time to time, plus the applicable margin (the
 Prime Rate or (ii) the LIBOR rate from time to
 time, plus the applicable margin. The applicable margin will be
 determined based upon the excess availability under the Senior
 Secured Credit Facility. The swing line loans bear interest at
 the same rate applicable to last in, first out Prime Rate loans.
 The Company is required to pay a commitment fee to the lenders
 for unused commitments at a rate of 0.25 to 0.30 per annum,
 based upon the unused portion of the total commitment under the
 Senior Secured Credit Facility. The Senior Secured Credit
 Facility expires March 6, 2011. Financial covenants
 contained in the Senior Secured Credit Facility require that the
 minimum excess availability be greater than 75,000 at all
 times. In addition, there are certain restrictions against the
 incurrence of additional indebtedness, pledge or sale of assets,
 payment of dividends and distributions, and other

F-29

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

similar restrictions. Per the November 20, 2007 amendment
 of the Senior Secured Credit Facility, dividends paid by the
 Company may not exceed 20,000 over the life of the agreement
 5,140 of which has been paid out), or 5,000 in any single
 year, and capital expenditures are limited to 150,000 per year,
 with a one-year carryover of any prior year unused amount. The
 available borrowing capacity under the Senior Secured Credit
 Facility will be used in the future for general corporate
 purposes. As of February 2, 2008, the Company had
 borrowings of 310,844, with 351,001 of borrowing availability
 (before taking into account the minimum borrowing availability
 covenant of 75,000) and letter-of-credit commitments of 14,042.

On March 6, 2006, The Bon-Ton Department Stores, Inc.
 entered into an indenture (the Indenture with The
 Bank of New York, as trustee, under which The Bon-Ton Department
 Stores, Inc. issued 510,000 aggregate principal amount of its
 10 1 / 4 Senior
 Notes due 2014 (the Notes ). The Notes are guaranteed
 on a senior unsecured basis by The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. and by
 each of its subsidiaries that is an obligor under the Senior
 Secured Credit Facility. The Notes mature on March 15,
 2014. The Notes may not be redeemed prior to March 15,
 2010, except that the Company may redeem up to 35 of the Notes
 prior to March 15, 2009 through the proceeds of an equity
 offering. The interest rate of the Notes is fixed at
 10 1 / 4 
 per year. Interest on the Notes is payable on March 15 and
 September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2006.
 The Indenture includes covenants that limit the ability of the
 Company and its restricted subsidiaries to, among other things,
 incur additional debt, pay dividends and make distributions,
 make certain investments, enter into certain types of
 transactions with affiliates, use assets as security in other
 transactions, and sell certain assets or merge with or into
 other companies.

On March 6, 2006, certain bankruptcy remote special purpose
 entities (each an SPE and, collectively, the
 SPEs that are indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of
 The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. entered into loan agreements with Bank
 of America, pursuant to which Bank of America provided a
 mortgage loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of
 260,000 (the Mortgage Loan Facility ). The Mortgage
 Loan Facility has a term of ten years and is secured by
 mortgages on twenty-three retail stores and one distribution
 center owned by the SPEs. Each SPE entered into a lease with
 each of The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. subsidiaries operating on such
 SPE s properties. A portion of the rental income received
 under these leases will be used to pay the debt service under
 the Mortgage Loan Facility. The Mortgage Loan Facility requires
 level monthly payments of principal and interest based on an
 amortization period of twenty-five years and the balance
 outstanding at the end of ten years will then become due and
 payable. The interest rate for the Mortgage Loan Facility is a
 fixed rate of 6.2125 . Financial covenants contained in the
 Mortgage Loan Facility require that the SPEs maintain certain
 financial thresholds, as defined in the agreements.

The Company used the net proceeds of the Notes offering and the
 Mortgage Loan Facility, along with initial borrowings under its
 Senior Secured Credit Facility, to finance the acquisition of
 Carson s, pay related fees and expenses in connection with
 the acquisition and related financing transactions, and pay the
 outstanding balance under the Company s previous revolving
 credit agreement.

Prior to March 6, 2006, the Company s amended and
 restated revolving credit facility agreement (the Credit
 Agreement provided a revolving line of credit of
 300,000. On March 6, 2006, the Credit Agreement was
 terminated and replaced with the Senior Secured Credit Facility
 in connection with the acquisition of Carson s (see
 Note 2).

On May 17, 1996, the Company entered into twenty-year
 mortgage agreements for its four stores located in Rochester,
 New York, totaling 23,400. The Company s Irondequoit
 property was sold on April 2, 2007 and the principal
 balance on the related mortgage of 3,509 was paid in full.

F-30

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The Company recognized a 510 gain on the building sale within
 SG A expense and a 1,019 loss on the mortgage payoff
 within interest expense, net.

The Company entered into a loan agreement with the City of
 Scranton, Pennsylvania on July 5, 2000; the loan is secured
 by the Company s store located in Scranton. The loan
 provided 1,000 to be used for certain store renovations. The
 loan agreement provides for interest payments, which began
 February 1, 2006 at a rate of 5.0 per annum. The principal
 balance is to be paid in full by January 1, 2011.

The Company was in compliance with all loan agreement
 restrictions and covenants during 2007.

The fair value of the Company s debt, excluding interest
 rate swaps, was estimated at 953,363 and 1,149,957 at
 February 2, 2008 and February 3, 2007, respectively,
 and is based on quoted market rates available to the Company for
 debt with similar features.

Debt maturities by year at February 2, 2008, are as follows:

2008

5,656

2009

6,108

2010

7,547

2011

317,864

2012

7,485

2013 and thereafter

740,837

1,085,497

10. 

INTEREST RATE
 DERIVATIVES 

In accordance with SFAS No. 133 and
 SFAS No. 138, Accounting for Certain Derivative
 Instruments and Certain Hedging Activities, the Company
 recognizes all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value.
 On the date the derivative instrument is entered into, the
 Company generally designates the derivative as a hedge of a
 forecasted transaction or of the variability of cash flows to be
 received or paid related to a recognized asset or liability
 cash flow hedge ). Changes in the fair value of a
 derivative that is designated as, and meets all required
 criteria for, a cash flow hedge are recorded in accumulated
 other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified into earnings
 as the underlying hedged item affects earnings. The portion of
 the change in fair value of a derivative associated with hedge
 ineffectiveness or the component of a derivative instrument
 excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness is recorded
 in current earnings. Also, changes in the entire fair value of a
 derivative that is not designated as a hedge are recorded in
 earnings. The Company formally documents all relationships
 between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its
 risk-management objective and strategy for undertaking various
 hedge transactions. This process includes relating all
 derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges to specific
 balance sheet liabilities.

The Company also formally assesses, both at the inception of the
 hedge and on an ongoing basis, whether each derivative is highly
 effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of
 the hedged item. If it is determined that a derivative is not
 highly effective as a hedge, or if a derivative ceases to be a
 highly effective hedge, the Company will discontinue hedge
 accounting prospectively for the respective derivative. In
 addition, if the forecasted transaction is no longer likely to
 occur, any amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income
 (loss) related to the derivative are recorded in the statement
 of income for the current period.

F-31

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

It is the policy of the Company to identify on a continuing
 basis the need for debt capital and evaluate financial risks
 inherent in funding the Company with debt capital. Reflecting
 the result of this ongoing review, the debt portfolio and
 hedging program of the Company is managed to (1) reduce
 funding risk with respect to borrowings made or to be made by
 the Company to preserve the Company s access to debt
 capital and provide debt capital as required for funding and
 liquidity purposes, and (2) reduce the aggregate interest
 rate risk of the debt portfolio in accordance with certain debt
 management parameters. The Company enters into interest rate
 swap agreements to change the fixed/variable interest rate mix
 of the debt portfolio in order to maintain the percentage of
 fixed-rate and variable-rate debt within parameters set by
 management. In accordance with these parameters, swap agreements
 are used to reduce interest rate risks and costs inherent in the
 Company s debt portfolio. At February 2, 2008 and
 February 3, 2007, the Company had interest rate swap
 contracts outstanding to effectively convert a portion of its
 variable-rate debt to fixed-rate debt. These contracts entailed
 the exchange of fixed-rate and floating-rate interest payments
 periodically over the agreement life. The following table
 indicates the notional amounts as of February 2, 2008 and
 February 3, 2007 and the range of interest rates paid and
 received by the Company during the years ended on those
 respective dates:

February 2, 

February 3, 

2008

2007

Fixed swaps (notional amount)

100,000

100,000

Range of receive rate

4.38 -5.36 

5.36 -5.50 

Range of pay rate

5.48 -5.49 

5.48 -5.49 

The two 50,000 interest rate swaps held at February 2,
 2008 and February 3, 2007 were entered into on
 July 14, 2006 and expire on July 14, 2011. The net
 income or expense from the exchange of interest rate payments
 associated with these swaps is included in interest expense. The
 estimated fair value of the interest rate swap agreements,
 derived from discounted cash flow analyses, at February 2,
 2008 and February 3, 2007, was an unrealized loss of 7,725
 and 1,444, respectively, and approximates the amount the
 Company would pay if the agreements were terminated as of said
 dates. At February 2, 2008 and February 3, 2007, the
 Company reflected other long-term liabilities of 7,725 and
 1,444, respectively, to recognize the fair value of its
 interest rate swaps.

Changes in the fair value of derivatives qualifying as cash flow
 hedges are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income
 (loss). Gains and losses are reclassified into earnings as the
 underlying hedged item affects earnings, such as when quarterly
 settlements are made on the hedged forecasted transaction.

At February 2, 2008, it is expected that approximately
 1,317 of net-of-tax losses in accumulated other comprehensive
 income (loss) will be reclassified into earnings within the next
 twelve months. As of February 2, 2008, the maximum time
 over which the Company is hedging its exposure to the
 variability in future cash flows for forecasted transactions is
 41 months.

F-32

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

11. 

INTEREST
 COSTS 

Interest costs for the Company are as follows:

2007

2006

2005

Interest costs incurred

109,028

107,538

12,262

Interest income

(606

(324

(122

Capitalized interest, net

(257

(71

(88

Interest expense, net

108,165

107,143

12,052

Interest paid

105,353

80,230

11,853

12. 

SALE OF THE
 PROPRIETARY CREDIT CARD PORTFOLIO 

On July 8, 2005, pursuant to the terms of the June 20,
 2005 Purchase and Sale Agreement between the Company and HSBC,
 the Company sold substantially all of its private label credit
 card accounts and the related accounts receivable to HSBC for
 cash consideration of 313,635. The Company received total cash
 of 315,445 at closing, with 296,664 allocated to the sale of
 credit card accounts and related accounts receivable, 16,971
 allocated as deferred program revenue and 1,810 representing
 proceeds from the sale of related assets. The allocation between
 the sale of accounts receivable and the deferred program revenue
 was based on the relative fair values as determined by an
 independent valuation. A portion of the proceeds from the sale
 230,238) were used to pay all principal and accrued interest
 due note-holders under the Company s accounts receivable
 securitization program plus any other payments in respect of the
 termination of that program. The remaining proceeds of 85,207
 from the sale were used to reduce outstanding borrowings under
 the Company s revolving credit facility. Concurrently, the
 Company s obligation to sell its accounts receivable to the
 securitization trust was terminated.

SG A expense for 2005 includes a net loss of 596
 associated with the sale of the proprietary credit card
 portfolio. Proceeds allocated to deferred program revenue, net
 of certain related costs, of 16,895 were recorded as deferred
 revenue and will be amortized over a seven-year term. Deferred
 revenue amortization income of 2,414, 2,460 and 1,346 was
 recognized within SG A expense in 2007, 2006 and 2005,
 respectively. Deferred program revenue of 2,414 was reported
 within accrued expenses at February 2, 2008 and
 February 3, 2007. Deferred program revenue of 8,262 and
 10,675 was reported within other long-term liabilities at
 February 2, 2008 and February 3, 2007, respectively.

In connection with the sale, the Company entered into two
 additional agreements with HSBC: an Interim Servicing Agreement
 (the ISA and a Credit Card Program Agreement (the
 CCPA ). Under the terms of the ISA, the Company
 continued to service the credit card receivables from
 July 8, 2005 through October 31, 2005. HSBC
 compensated the Company for providing these services during the
 interim servicing period. The CCPA sets forth the terms and
 conditions under which HSBC will issue credit cards to the
 Company s customers. The Company will be paid a percentage
 of Net Credit Sales, as defined in the CCPA, for future credit
 card sales. Under the terms of the CCPA, the Company is required
 to perform certain duties, including receiving and remitting
 in-store customer payments on behalf of HSBC for which the
 Company will receive a fee. The CCPA has a term of seven years
 and is cancelable earlier by either party under certain
 circumstances. Under these agreements, the percentage of Net
 Credit Sales proceeds were recognized within other income in
 2007, 2006 and

F-33

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

the fourth quarter of 2005 and within SG A expense in the
 second and third quarters of 2005. Proceeds received under these
 agreements as reimbursement of expenses incurred to perform the
 certain duties and servicing of the credit card receivables were
 recognized within SG A expense. Prior to the sale of credit
 to HSBC, all proceeds of the credit operations were reflected
 within SG A expense.

13. 

SECURITIZATION OF
 RECEIVABLES 

Prior to the termination of the receivables securitization
 program on July 8, 2005, the Company securitized its
 proprietary credit card portfolio through an accounts receivable
 facility (the Facility ). Under the Facility
 agreement, which was contingent upon receivables meeting certain
 performance criteria, the Company sold through The Bon-Ton
 Receivables Partnership, LP, a wholly owned subsidiary of the
 Company and qualifying special purpose entity under
 SFAS No. 140, Accounting for Transfers and
 Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of
 Liabilities, up to 250,000 of an undivided percentage
 interest in the receivables on a limited recourse basis. In
 connection with the Facility agreement, the Company retained
 servicing responsibilities, subordinated interests and an
 interest-only strip, all of which were retained interests in the
 securitized receivables.

During 2005, the Company recognized securitization income of
 2,680. This income was reported as a component of SG A
 expense.

The Company recognized servicing fees, which it reported as a
 component of SG A expense, of 1,989 for 2005. Net credit
 losses on the total managed credit card receivables were 6,253
 for 2005.

14. 

COMMITMENTS AND
 CONTINGENCIES 

Leases 

The Company is obligated under operating leases for a
 significant portion of its store properties. Certain leases
 provide for additional rental payments based on a percentage of
 sales in excess of a specified base (contingent rentals) and for
 payment by the Company of operating costs (taxes, maintenance
 and insurance), both of which vary by lease.

F-34

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

At February 2, 2008, future minimum lease payments for the
 fixed, noncancelable terms of operating leases and the present
 value of net minimum lease payments under capital leases are as
 follows:

Year

Capital Leases

Operating Leases

2008

7,375

92,534

2009

7,500

90,815

2010

7,500

81,151

2011

7,500

69,938

2012

7,500

60,062

2013 and thereafter

81,875

235,231

Total net minimum rentals

119,250

629,731

Less: Amount representing interest

(49,794

Present value of net minimum lease payments, of which 2,239 is
 due within one year

69,456

Minimum rental commitments under operating leases are reflected
 without reduction for rental income due in future years under
 noncancelable subleases since income under these subleases is
 immaterial. Some of the store leases contain renewal options
 ranging from one to fifty-nine years. Included in the minimum
 lease payments under operating leases are leased vehicles,
 copiers, fax machines, computer equipment and a related-party
 commitment with an entity associated with the Company s
 majority shareholder of 224 for years 2008 through 2010 and
 112 for 2011.

Rental expense consisted of the following:

2007

2006

2005

Operating leases:

Buildings:

Rental expense

87,313

80,532

45,243

Contingent rentals

8,918

9,794

2,967

Fixtures and equipment

3,256

3,408

2,713

Totals

99,487

93,734

50,923

Rental expense includes amounts paid to an entity related to the
 Company s majority shareholder of 224 for each of 2007,
 2006 and 2005.

Selling space has been licensed to certain other retailers
 leased departments in many of the Company s
 facilities. Future minimum lease payments and rental expense
 disclosed above are reflected without a reduction for leased
 departments license income.

F-35

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

Contingencies 

In connection with the acquisition of Carson s, the Company
 assumed liability for the following matter (only to the extent
 it applied to the entities acquired from Saks): The
 Chapter 7 trustee for the bankruptcy estate of
 Kleinert s Inc. filed a complaint against Saks and several
 of its subsidiaries in which the plaintiff, as assignee, alleged
 breach of contract, fraud, and unjust enrichment, among other
 causes of action, and sought compensatory and punitive damages.

The Company and Saks reached a settlement with the plaintiff on
 October 1, 2007. On November 14, 2007, the Court
 entered a final judgment approving the settlement and dismissing
 the plaintiff s claims in their entirety. The outcome of
 this matter had no material effect on the Company s
 financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.

On December 8, 2005, Adamson Apparel, Inc. filed a
 purported class action lawsuit against Saks in the United States
 District Court for the Northern District of Alabama. In its
 complaint the plaintiff asserts breach of contract claims and
 alleges that Saks improperly assessed chargebacks, timely
 payment discounts, and deductions for merchandise returns
 against members of the plaintiff class. The lawsuit seeks
 compensatory and incidental damages and restitution. Under the
 terms of the purchase agreement relating to the acquisition of
 Carson s from Saks, the Company may have an obligation to
 indemnify Saks for any damages incurred by Saks under this
 lawsuit by Adamson Apparel, Inc. solely to the extent that such
 damages relate to the business acquired from Saks.

In addition, the Company is party to legal proceedings and
 claims that arise during the ordinary course of business.

In the opinion of management, the ultimate outcome of any such
 litigation and claims, including the Adamson matter detailed
 above, will not have a material adverse effect on the
 Company s financial condition, results of operations or
 liquidity.

15. 

SHAREHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

The Company s capital structure consists of common stock
 with one vote per share and Class A common stock with ten
 votes per share. Transfers of the Company s Class A
 common stock are restricted. Upon sale or transfer of ownership
 or voting rights of Class A common stock to other than
 permitted transferees, such shares will convert to an equal
 number of common stock shares. Additionally, the Company has
 authorized 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock; however, no
 preferred shares have been issued. Treasury stock is accounted
 for using the cost method.

F-36

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

16. 

COMPREHENSIVE
 INCOME (LOSS) 

The accumulated balances for each classification of other
 comprehensive income (loss) are as follows:

Accumulated 

Pension and 

Other 

Postretirement 

Cash Flow 

Comprehensive 

Benefit Plans

Hedges

Income (Loss)

Balance at January 29, 2005

(427

(427

Net current period change

422

422

Balance at January 28, 2006

(5

(5

Net current period change

(313

(839

(1,152

Adjustment for the initial application of SFAS No. 158

2,346

2,346

Balance at February 3, 2007

2,033

(844

1,189

Net current period change

3,266

(3,656

(390

Balance at February 2, 2008

5,299

(4,500

799

F-37

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The related tax effects allocated to each component of
 accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are as follows:

Before-Tax 

Tax Benefit 

Net-of-Tax 

Amount

(Expense)

Amount

2005:

Cash flow hedges:

Derivative gain

92

(36

56

Reclassification adjustments for losses realized in income

598

(232

366

Other comprehensive income

690

(268

422

2006:

Pension and postretirement benefit plans:

Prior service cost during the period

(18

7

(11

Actuarial net loss

(480

178

(302

(498

185

(313

Cash flow hedges:

Derivative loss

(1,483

621

(862

Reclassification adjustments for losses realized in income

39

(16

23

(1,444

605

(839

Other comprehensive loss

(1,942

790

(1,152

2007:

Pension and postretirement benefit plans:

Reclassification adjustments for prior service cost

4

(1

3

Reclassification adjustments for prior net actuarial loss

316

(118

198

Actuarial net gain

4,910

(1,845

3,065

5,230

(1,964

3,266

Cash flow hedges:

Derivative loss

(6,492

2,713

(3,779

Reclassification adjustments for losses realized in income

212

(89

123

(6,280

2,624

(3,656

Other comprehensive loss

(1,050

660

(390

F-38

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

17. 

SHARE-BASED
 COMPENSATION 

The Company s Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Incentive and
 Performance-Based Award Plan 2000 Stock Plan ), as
 amended through June 20, 2006, provides for the granting of
 common stock options, restricted shares and restricted stock
 units to certain employees, officers, directors, consultants and
 advisors. A maximum of 2,600,000 shares may be granted
 under the 2000 Stock Plan, of which 883,034 shares remained
 available as of February 2, 2008. Vesting periods for the
 awards are at the discretion of the Company s Board of
 Directors.

The Company s Amended and Restated 1991 Stock Option and
 Restricted Stock Plan 1991 Stock Plan ), as amended
 through June 17, 1997, provided for the granting of
 restricted shares, common stock options and performance-based
 common stock options as part of a long-term incentive plan for
 selected officers. A maximum of 1,900,000 shares were
 available under the 1991 Stock Plan; no shares remain available
 as of February 2, 2008.

Stock options granted during 2007, 2006 and 2005 were granted
 with an exercise price equal to the market value of the
 underlying stock on the grant date, vest over two to four years
 and have a contractual term of seven years.

Restricted shares granted during 2007, 2006 and 2005 vest over
 one to four years. Employees granted restricted shares are not
 required to pay for the shares; however, they must remain
 employed with the Company until the restrictions on the shares
 lapse. In addition, vesting of certain restricted shares awarded
 during 2007 is subject to the achievement of specified criteria
 based on Company performance.

Restricted stock units granted during 2007, 2006 and 2005 vest
 over one to two years. Employees and directors who are granted
 restricted stock units are not required to pay for the shares
 but must remain employed by the Company, or continue to serve as
 a member of its Board of Directors, until the restricted stock
 units vest. In addition, vesting of certain restricted stock
 units awarded during 2007 and 2006 is subject to the achievement
 of specified criteria based on Company performance.

The Company generally issues new stock to satisfy share-based
 award exercises.

Effective January 29, 2006, the Company adopted
 SFAS No. 123R, which revised SFAS No. 123.
 SFAS No. 123R requires the Company to measure the cost
 of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity
 instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award and
 to recognize that cost over the period that an employee is
 required to provide service in exchange for the award. Any
 awards of liability instruments to employees would be measured
 at fair value at each reporting date through settlement. Prior
 to adopting SFAS No. 123R, the Company followed the
 intrinsic value method of accounting for share-based employee
 compensation in accordance with APB No. 25 and related
 interpretations. The Company adopted SFAS No. 123R
 using the modified prospective application method, which
 requires that provisions of SFAS No. 123R are applied
 to all share-based awards granted, modified, repurchased or
 cancelled on January 29, 2006 and thereafter. For those
 grants made prior to January 29, 2006 that are nonvested
 and outstanding as of January 29, 2006, the Company started
 recognizing the remaining unrecognized compensation cost over
 the remaining service period as required by
 SFAS No. 123R. Accordingly, the results of prior
 periods have not been restated.

F-39

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The following table illustrates the effect on net income and
 income per share for grants issued prior to January 29,
 2006 had the Company applied the fair value recognition
 provisions of SFAS No. 123 to those grants in 2005:

2005

Net income, as reported

26,014

Add: Share-based compensation expense included in net income,
 net of income tax of 895

1,412

Deduct: Total share-based compensation expense determined under
 fair-value-based method for all awards, net of income tax of
 1,396

(2,174

Pro forma net income

25,252

Net income per share:

Basic As reported

1.61

Pro forma

1.56

Diluted As reported

1.57

Pro forma

1.53

The compensation cost that has been recorded within SG A
 expense for the Company s share-based award plans was
 7,965, 5,779 and 2,307 for 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.
 The total income tax benefit recognized in the statements of
 income for share-based award compensation was 2,235, 1,900 and
 895 for 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

Cash received from exercise under all share-based payment
 arrangements was 604, 1,086 and 1,442 for 2007, 2006 and
 2005, respectively. Actual tax benefits realized from exercised
 stock options and vested restricted shares totaled 1,077,
 1,105 and 1,115 for 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

Awards with graded vesting are recognized using graded
 amortization.

Based upon an examination of forfeiture rates for the various
 classes of stock options, restricted stock units and restricted
 shares, Company management does not believe that the total
 number of options or shares that are vested and expected to vest
 as of February 2, 2008 are materially different from the
 respective number of options or shares outstanding as of
 February 2, 2008.

Stock
 Options 

The fair value of each option award was estimated on the grant
 date using the Black-Scholes option valuation model and the
 assumptions noted in the following table:

2007

2006

2005

Weighted average grant date fair value

22.83

13.75

8.99

Weighted average risk-free interest rate

4.4

4.9

4.1

Weighted average expected volatility

50.5

51.7

48.8

Weighted average expected dividend yield

0.5

0.3

0.5

Weighted average expected term (years)

4.9

4.6

5.1

F-40

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The risk-free interest rates used in 2007, 2006 and 2005 were
 based on the zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bond, with a term
 equal to the expected term of the stock options. The volatility
 used in 2007, 2006 and 2005 represents the historical volatility
 of the Company s common shares over a period that
 approximates the expected term of the stock options. The
 expected dividend yields used in 2007, 2006 and 2005 were
 estimated based on historical dividend yields.

The expected terms of options granted in 2007, 2006 and 2005
 were estimated using the average of the vesting period and the
 contractual term, in accordance with the simplified method as
 provided within SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107,
 Share-Based Payment. The SEC issued Staff Accounting
 Bulletin No. 110, Share-Based Payment, on
 December 21, 2007, which provided for continued application
 of the simplified method in certain circumstances. The Company
 has continued to apply the simplified method, given a
 significant change in stock option contractual terms that
 precludes adequate historical exercise data providing a
 reasonable basis for estimating expected term.

The Company s stock options include stock options granted
 under the 2000 Stock Plan and the 1991 Stock Plan.

A summary of the stock options under the Company s stock
 option plans as of February 2, 2008 and changes during 2007
 are presented below:

Weighted 

Average 

Weighted 

Remaining 

Aggregate 

Shares Under 

Average per-Share 

Contractual Term 

Intrinsic 

Option

Exercise Price

(Years)

Value

Outstanding as of February 3, 2007

608,667

19.66

Granted

156,654

48.54

Exercised

(64,169

9.41

Forfeited

(594

51.83

Outstanding as of February 2, 2008

700,558

27.03

5.68

40

Exercisable as of February 2, 2008

309,840

17.22

5.91

40

The total intrinsic value of options exercised was 1,231,
 2,987 and 2,701 during 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. As
 of February 2, 2008, there was 3,407 of total unrecognized
 compensation cost related to unvested stock options; that cost
 is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of
 1.09 years.

F-41

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

Restricted
 Stock Units 

Restricted stock units consist of units granted under the 2000
 Stock Plan. The fair value of each restricted stock unit award
 is calculated using the stock price at the date of grant. A
 summary of the restricted stock units as of February 2,
 2008 and changes during 2007 are presented below:

Weighted Average Grant- 

Restricted Stock Units

Date Fair Value

Performance and 

Performance and 

Service Required

Service Required

Service Required

Service Required

Outstanding as of February 3, 2007

20,259

63,224

21.90

17.71

Granted

20,259

19,042

56.29

23.63

Forfeited

(20,259

56.29

Outstanding as of February 2, 2008

20,259

82,266

21.90

19.08

As of February 2, 2008, all outstanding restricted stock
 units in the above table were vested, and there was no
 unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock
 units. Vested awards will be settled in shares after certain
 events and time periods occur, as defined within the terms of
 the restricted stock unit grant agreements.

The total fair value of restricted stock units vested during
 2007, 2006 and 2005 was 145, 1,385 and 414, respectively.

The weighted-average grant date fair value of restricted stock
 units granted during 2007, 2006 and 2005 was 40.47 per unit,
 23.27 per unit and 17.89 per unit, respectively.

The Company pays cash dividend equivalents on most outstanding
 restricted stock units.

Restricted
 Shares 

The Company s restricted shares consist of shares granted
 under the 2000 Stock Plan. The fair value of each restricted
 share award is calculated using the stock price at the date of
 grant. A summary of the restricted share awards as of
 February 2, 2008 and changes during 2007 are presented
 below:

Weighted Average Grant- 

Restricted Shares

Date Fair Value

Performance and 

Performance and 

Service Required

Service Required

Service Required

Service Required

Nonvested as of February 3, 2007

610,416

20.09

Granted

20,648

81,533

32.69

40.42

Vested

(96,504

17.94

Forfeited

(20,648

(787

32.69

15.07

Nonvested as of February 2, 2008

594,658

23.20

F-42

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

As of February 2, 2008, there was 5,772 of total
 unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted shares that
 is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of
 1.85 years.

The total fair value of shares vested during 2007 and 2005 was
 1,628 and 907, respectively. No restricted shares vested
 during 2006.

The Company pays cash dividends on all outstanding restricted
 shares.

18. 

INCOME
 TAXES 

Components of the income tax provision were as follows:

2007

2006

2005

Current:

Federal

4,316

31,915

30,780

State

251

3,730

2,335

Total current

4,567

35,645

33,115

Deferred:

Federal

2,529

(8,838

24,235

State

(1,151

(7,166

3,249

Total deferred

1,378

(16,004

20,986

Income tax provision

5,945

19,641

12,129

F-43

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

Components of gross deferred tax assets and liabilities were as
 follows:

February 2, 

February 3, 

2008

2007

Deferred tax assets:

Net operating losses

49,780

60,446

Alternative minimum tax credits

5,244

2,064

Property, fixtures and equipment

7,879

14,774

Accrued expenses

6,048

9,534

Inventories

14,420

15,122

Equity compensation

5,863

3,486

Rent amortization

14,368

9,123

Other

21,491

8,700

Gross deferred tax assets

125,093

123,249

Less: Valuation allowance

(14,260

(25,419

Total gross deferred tax assets

110,833

97,830

Deferred tax liabilities:

Pension obligations

(3,616

(2,104

Other

(2,324

(1,282

Total gross deferred tax liabilities

(5,940

(3,386

Net deferred tax assets

104,893

94,444

In assessing the realizability of the deferred tax assets, the
 Company considered whether it was more likely than not that the
 deferred tax assets will be realized. The Company considered the
 scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future
 taxable income and limitations pursuant to Section 382 of
 the Internal Revenue Code Section 382 ). As a
 result, a valuation allowance of 14,260 and 25,419 was
 recorded at February 2, 2008 and February 3, 2007,
 respectively. If actual results differ from these estimates or
 these estimates are adjusted in future periods, the Company may
 need to adjust its valuation allowance, which could materially
 impact its financial position and results of operations.

The 11,159 decrease in the valuation allowance from
 February 3, 2007 to February 2, 2008 was primarily due
 to reductions in certain state net operating losses which
 reached their expiration dates and certain reclassifications
 pursuant to adoption of FIN No. 48. Since these net
 operating losses had corresponding valuation allowances,
 valuation allowance reductions were recorded concurrently with
 the net operating loss reductions.

At February 2, 2008, the Company had federal and state net
 operating loss carry-forwards of 117,492 and 126,465,
 respectively, which are available to offset future federal and
 state taxable income, subject to certain limitations imposed by
 Section 382. These net operating losses will expire at
 various dates from 2008 through 2028.

F-44

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The Company has alternative minimum tax credits of 5,244 and
 2,064 as of February 2, 2008 and February 3, 2007,
 respectively. The Company acquired 2,064 of these credits in
 connection with the acquisition of Elder-Beerman; their use is
 subject to the limitations imposed by Section 382. These
 credits can be carried-forward indefinitely.

A reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the
 effective tax rate is as follows:

2007

2006

2005

Tax at statutory rate

35.0

35.0

35.0

State income taxes, net of federal benefit

0.6

0.8

4.1

Valuation allowance changes, net

3.0

(6.7

(4.8

Changes in state deferred tax rate

(4.5

(0.6

(1.4

Other, net

(0.1

1.0

(1.1

Effective tax rate

34.0

29.5

31.8

In 2007, 2006 and 2005, the Company made income tax payments
 (net of refunds) of 34,961, 16,610 and 10,125, respectively.

In June 2006, the FASB issued FIN No. 48, which
 prescribes a recognition and derecognition threshold and
 measurement attribute for the recognition and measurement of a
 tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
 FIN No. 48 requires the Company to recognize, in the
 financial statements, the impact of a tax position if that
 position is more likely than not of being sustained under audit,
 based on the technical merits of the position.

The Company adopted FIN No. 48 effective
 February 4, 2007. The initial adoption of
 FIN No. 48 did not result in adjustments to the
 Company s pre-existing reserves for uncertain tax
 positions. A reconciliation of the 2007 beginning and ending
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

Balance at February 4, 2007

18,275

Increases related to prior year tax positions

252

Decreases related to prior year tax positions

(351

Increases related to current year tax positions

643

Lapse of statute

(1,585

Balance at February 2, 2008

17,234

During the twelve months subsequent to February 2, 2008, it
 is reasonably possible that the gross unrecognized tax benefits
 will decrease by up to 9,400, of which 6,056 could affect the
 income tax provision. This potential decrease is due to
 expiration of certain statute of limitations and potential
 favorable resolution of audits, with respect to federal and
 state tax positions relating to basis differences from prior
 acquisitions and state issues relating to expense disallowances,
 respectively.

It is the Company s policy to record interest on
 unrecognized tax benefits as income tax provision. The Company
 believes that penalties are not applicable on any of its
 uncertain tax positions. For 2007, the Company recorded 1,189
 as income tax provision to reflect additional interest on
 unrecognized tax benefits. At February 2, 2008, the Company
 had a 3,238 accrual for interest on unrecognized tax benefits.

F-45

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The Company s federal tax returns for the years ended
 January 31, 2005 through the present are open to
 examination, as are the Company s various state tax returns
 for the tax years ended January 31, 2004 through the
 present.

19. 

QUARTERLY RESULTS
 (UNAUDITED) 

Quarter Ended

May 5, 

August 4, 

November 3, 

February 2, 

2007: 

2007

2007

2007

2008

Net sales

737,561

708,620

780,839

1,138,892

Other income

22,646

22,117

24,646

32,338

760,207

730,737

805,485

1,171,230

Costs and expenses:

Costs of merchandise sold

490,672

439,198

508,802

711,459

Selling, general and administrative

260,132

255,480

265,279

284,862

Depreciation and amortization

26,960

30,239

30,107

33,819

Amortization of lease-related interests

1,229

1,332

1,280

1,137

Income (loss) from operations

(18,786

4,488

17

139,953

Interest expense, net

27,469

27,429

27,383

25,884

Income (loss) before income taxes

(46,255

(22,941

(27,366

114,069

Income tax provision (benefit)

(16,956

(7,966

(8,004

38,871

Net income (loss) 

(29,299

(14,975

(19,362

75,198

Per Share Amounts Basic: 

Net income (loss)

(1.78

(0.91

(1.17

4.51

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

16,481,756

16,498,320

16,533,957

16,666,370

Per Share Amounts Diluted: 

Net income (loss)

(1.78

(0.91

(1.17

4.43

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

16,481,756

16,498,320

16,533,957

16,972,704

F-46

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The quarter ended February 2, 2008 includes asset
 impairment charges of 4,070 recorded within depreciation and
 amortization expense.

Quarter Ended

April 29, 

July 29, 

October 28, 

February 3, 

2006: 

2006

2006

2006

2007

Net sales

561,774

746,772

804,100

1,249,633

Other income

14,813

19,974

22,859

35,885

576,587

766,746

826,959

1,285,518

Costs and expenses:

Costs of merchandise sold

351,580

485,933

509,829

771,420

Selling, general and administrative

199,780

258,361

273,581

324,750

Depreciation and amortization

18,514

26,823

28,756

29,096

Amortization of lease-related interests

702

1,046

831

1,141

Income (loss) from operations

6,011

(5,417

13,962

159,111

Interest expense, net

23,868

27,285

27,929

28,061

Income (loss) before income taxes

(17,857

(32,702

(13,967

131,050

Income tax provision (benefit)

(7,022

(12,927

(3,066

42,656

Net income (loss) 

(10,835

(19,775

(10,901

88,394

Per Share Amounts Basic: 

Net income (loss)

(0.66

(1.20

(0.66

5.37

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

16,389,962

16,430,971

16,439,314

16,461,968

Per Share Amounts Diluted: 

Net income (loss)

(0.66

(1.20

(0.66

5.20

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

16,389,962

16,430,971

16,439,314

16,986,165

The quarter ended April 29, 2006 includes results of the
 acquired Carson s operations beginning March 5, 2006
 and, reflected in interest expense, net, charges of 2,319 for
 the write-off of fees associated with the Company s
 previous revolving credit agreement and 4,500 for fees
 associated with a bridge facility required in connection with
 the financing of the Carson s acquisition.

The quarter ended February 3, 2007 represents a
 fourteen-week period and includes the results of the acquired
 Parisian stores beginning October 29, 2006.

F-47

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The quarters ended April 29, 2006, July 29, 2006,
 October 28, 2006 and February 3, 2007 include
 integration costs of 4,405, 3,753, 3,729 and 3,682,
 respectively, recorded within SG A expense.

The quarters ended October 28, 2006 and February 3,
 2007 include asset impairment charges of 1,000 and 1,923,
 respectively, recorded within depreciation and amortization
 expense.

The quarter ended February 3, 2007 includes a state tax
 benefit of 4,100 recorded within income tax provision.

20. 

GUARANTOR AND
 NON-GUARANTOR SUBSIDIARIES 

On March 6, 2006, The Bon-Ton Department Stores, Inc. (the
 Issuer ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,
 entered into an Indenture with The Bank of New York, as trustee,
 under which the Issuer issued 510,000 aggregate principal
 amount of its
 10 1 / 4 Senior
 Notes due 2014 (see Note 9). The Notes are guaranteed on a
 senior unsecured basis by the Company and by each of the
 Company s subsidiaries, other than the Issuer, that is an
 obligor under the Company s Senior Secured Credit Facility.
 The guarantees are full and unconditional and joint and several.

The condensed consolidating financial information for the
 Company, the Issuer and the Company s guarantor and
 non-guarantor subsidiaries as of February 2, 2008 and
 February 3, 2007 and for 2007, 2006 and 2005 as presented
 below has been prepared from the books and records maintained by
 the Company, the Issuer and the guarantor and non-guarantor
 subsidiaries. The condensed financial information may not
 necessarily be indicative of the results of operations or
 financial position had the guarantor and non-guarantor
 subsidiaries operated as independent entities. Certain
 intercompany revenues and expenses included in the subsidiary
 records are eliminated in consolidation. As a result of this
 activity, an amount due to/due from affiliates will exist at any
 time.

F-48

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The Bon-Ton
 Stores, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet 
 February 2, 2008 

Bon-Ton 

(Parent 

Guarantor 

Non-Guarantor 

Consolidating 

Company 

Company)

Issuer

Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries

Eliminations

Consolidated

Assets

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

1

9,604

11,633

21,238

Merchandise inventories

375,162

379,640

754,802

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

68,727

9,027

578

78,332

Deferred income taxes

(4,030

21,566

17,536

Total current assets

1

449,463

421,866

578

871,908

Property, fixtures and equipment at cost, net

304,128

265,250

316,077

885,455

Deferred income taxes

22,136

65,221

87,357

Goodwill

8,488

9,279

17,767

Intangible assets, net

69,772

96,100

165,872

Investment in and advances to (from) affiliates

365,267

706,372

(6,984

318

(1,064,973

Other long-term assets

28,518

7,948

2,806

39,272

Total assets 

365,268

1,588,877

858,680

319,779

(1,064,973

2,067,631

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

220,158

220,158

Accrued payroll and benefits

38,275

11,627

49,902

Accrued expenses

91,016

75,500

87

166,603

Current maturities of long-term debt and obligations under
 capital leases

260

1,979

5,656

7,895

Income taxes payable

(6,461

7,360

899

Total current liabilities

343,248

96,466

5,743

445,457

Long-term debt and obligations under capital leases, less
 current maturities

829,648

59,413

257,997

1,147,058

Other long-term liabilities

2,207

66,660

42,082

1,106

112,055

Total liabilities 

2,207

1,239,556

197,961

264,846

1,704,570

Shareholders equity

363,061

349,321

660,719

54,933

(1,064,973

363,061

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

365,268

1,588,877

858,680

319,779

(1,064,973

2,067,631

F-49

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The Bon-Ton
 Stores, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet 
 February 3, 2007 

Bon-Ton 

(Parent 

Guarantor 

Non-Guarantor 

Consolidating 

Company 

Company)

Issuer

Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries

Eliminations

Consolidated

Assets

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

1

7,384

17,348

24,733

Merchandise inventories

264,832

522,655

787,487

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

37,746

46,334

651

84,731

Deferred income taxes

2,038

15,820

17,858

Total current assets

1

312,000

602,157

651

914,809

Property, fixtures and equipment at cost, net

168,419

397,655

331,812

897,886

Deferred income taxes

13,526

63,060

76,586

Goodwill

2,965

24,412

27,377

Intangible assets, net

2,599

174,101

176,700

Investment in and advances to affiliates

348,426

984,789

27,795

345

(1,361,355

Other long-term assets

26,875

11,324

3,242

41,441

Total assets 

348,427

1,511,173

1,300,504

336,050

(1,361,355

2,134,799

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

209,742

209,742

Accrued payroll and benefits

14,112

54,322

68,434

Accrued expenses

68,486

110,023

133

178,642

Current maturities of long-term debt and obligations under
 capital leases

1,936

5,555

7,491

Income taxes payable

2,031

(6,520

52,575

48,086

Total current liabilities

2,031

285,820

218,856

5,688

512,395

Long-term debt and obligations under capital leases, less
 current maturities

853,300

69,456

266,869

1,189,625

Other long-term liabilities

31,436

53,918

1,029

86,383

Total liabilities 

2,031

1,170,556

342,230

273,586

1,788,403

Shareholders equity

346,396

340,617

958,274

62,464

(1,361,355

346,396

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

348,427

1,511,173

1,300,504

336,050

(1,361,355

2,134,799

F-50

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The Bon-Ton
 Stores, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations 
 2007 

Bon-Ton 

(Parent 

Guarantor 

Non-Guarantor 

Consolidating 

Company 

Company)

Issuer

Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries

Eliminations

Consolidated

Net sales

662,913

2,702,999

3,365,912

Other income

20,821

80,926

101,747

683,734

2,783,925

3,467,659

Costs and expenses:

Costs of merchandise sold

424,667

1,725,464

2,150,131

Selling, general and administrative

235,484

868,444

(597

(37,578

1,065,753

Depreciation and amortization

21,324

87,937

11,864

121,125

Amortization of lease-related interests

384

4,594

4,978

Income (loss) from operations

1,875

97,486

(11,267

37,578

125,672

Other income (expense):

Intercompany rental and royalty income

9,142

28,436

(37,578

Equity in earnings (losses) of subsidiaries

17,507

93,647

(111,154

Interest expense, net

(78,015

(11,572

(18,578

(108,165

Income (loss) before income taxes

17,507

17,507

95,056

(1,409

(111,154

17,507

Income tax provision (benefit)

5,945

5,945

15,769

(21,714

5,945

Net income (loss) 

11,562

11,562

79,287

(1,409

(89,440

11,562

F-51

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The Bon-Ton
 Stores, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations 
 2006 

Bon-Ton 

(Parent 

Guarantor 

Non-Guarantor 

Consolidating 

Company 

Company)

Issuer

Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries

Eliminations

Consolidated

Net sales

669,927

2,692,352

3,362,279

Other income

21,418

72,113

93,531

691,345

2,764,465

3,455,810

Costs and expenses:

Costs of merchandise sold

442,499

1,676,263

2,118,762

Selling, general and administrative

2

227,967

865,837

93

(37,427

1,056,472

Depreciation and amortization

27,519

64,842

10,828

103,189

Amortization of lease-related interests

470

3,250

3,720

(Loss) income from operations

(2

(7,110

154,273

(10,921

37,427

173,667

Other income (expense):

Intercompany interest income

1,700

(1,700

Intercompany rental and royalty income

10,606

26,821

(37,427

Equity in earnings (losses) of subsidiaries

64,826

152,026

(216,852

Interest expense, net

(80,090

(11,949

(16,804

1,700

(107,143

Income (loss) before income taxes

66,524

64,826

152,930

(904

(216,852

66,524

Income tax provision (benefit)

19,641

18,936

28,086

(47,022

19,641

Net income (loss) 

46,883

45,890

124,844

(904

(169,830

46,883

F-52

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The Bon-Ton
 Stores, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations 
 2005 

Bon-Ton 

(Parent 

Guarantor 

Non-Guarantor 

Consolidating 

Company 

Company)

Issuer

Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries

Eliminations

Consolidated

Net sales

670,003

617,167

1,287,170

Other income

11,337

9,088

20,425

681,340

626,255

1,307,595

Costs and expenses:

Costs of merchandise sold

427,645

394,526

822,171

Selling, general and administrative

7

216,725

205,072

(208

(14,451

407,145

Depreciation and amortization

21,034

5,021

1,190

27,245

Amortization of lease-related interests

622

217

839

(Loss) income from operations

(7

15,314

21,419

(982

14,451

50,195

Other income (expense):

Intercompany interest income

10,197

(10,197

Intercompany rental and royalty income

11,804

2,647

(14,451

Equity in earnings (losses) of subsidiaries

27,953

28,266

(56,219

Interest expense, net

(15,627

(4,732

(1,890

10,197

(12,052

Income (loss) before income taxes

38,143

27,953

28,491

(225

(56,219

38,143

Income tax provision (benefit)

12,129

7,234

11,510

(18,744

12,129

Net income (loss) 

26,014

20,719

16,981

(225

(37,475

26,014

F-53

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The Bon-Ton
 Stores, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 
 2007 

Bon-Ton 

(Parent 

Guarantor 

Non-Guarantor 

Consolidating 

Company 

Company)

Issuer

Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries

Eliminations

Consolidated

Cash flows from operating activities: 

2,834

88,088

50,846

12,168

(18,372

135,564

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Capital expenditures

(64,416

(45,243

(109,659

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired

(62

(62

Proceeds from sale of property, fixtures and equipment

259

53

2,495

2,807

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities

(64,219

(45,190

2,495

(106,914

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payments on long-term debt and capital lease obligations

(882,987

(1,714

(8,772

(893,473

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt

851,309

851,309

Intercompany financing activity

(2,834

(9,657

(5,881

18,372

Cash dividends paid

(3,438

(3,438

Proceeds from stock options exercised

604

604

Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation

366

366

Deferred financing costs paid

(297

(10

(307

Increase in bank overdraft balances

12,794

12,794

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

(2,834

(21,649

(11,371

(14,663

18,372

(32,145

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

2,220

(5,715

(3,495

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

1

7,384

17,348

24,733

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

1

9,604

11,633

21,238

F-54

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The Bon-Ton
 Stores, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 
 2006 

Bon-Ton 

(Parent 

Guarantor 

Non-Guarantor 

Consolidating 

Company 

Company)

Issuer

Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries

Eliminations

Consolidated

Cash flows from operating activities: 

607

311,212

63,331

9,758

(273,013

111,895

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Capital expenditures

(57,784

(37,425

(95,209

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired

(1,073,295

(1,073,295

Proceeds from sale of property, fixtures and equipment

1,750

766

2,516

Net cash used in investing activities

(1,129,329

(36,659

(1,165,988

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payments on long-term debt and capital lease obligations

(961,605

(1,705

(4,478

(967,788

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt

1,788,355

260,000

2,048,355

Intercompany financing activity

(616

(9,925

(262,472

273,013

Cash dividends paid

(1,702

(1,702

Proceeds from stock options exercised

1,086

1,086

Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation

1,062

1,062

Deferred financing costs paid

(25,031

(2,808

(27,839

Increase in bank overdraft balances

15,881

15,881

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

(616

818,046

(11,630

(9,758

273,013

1,069,055

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents

(9

(71

15,042

14,962

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

10

7,455

2,306

9,771

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

1

7,384

17,348

24,733

F-55

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

The Bon-Ton
 Stores, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 
 2005 

Bon-Ton 

(Parent 

Guarantor 

Non-Guarantor 

Consolidating 

Company 

Company)

Issuer

Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries

Eliminations

Consolidated

Cash flows from operating activities: 

234

140,764

32,495

665

(21,354

152,804

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Capital expenditures

(14,012

(14,147

(28,159

Acquisition, net of cash acquired

(2,054

(2,054

Proceeds from sale of property, fixtures and equipment

249

2,056

209

2,514

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities

(15,817

(12,091

209

(27,699

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payments on long-term debt and capital lease obligations

(447,694

(745

(874

(449,313

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt

312,700

312,700

Intercompany financing activity

(226

(21,128

21,354

Cash dividends paid

(1,668

(1,668

Proceeds from stock options exercised

1,442

1,442

Deferred financing costs paid

(336

(336

Increase (decrease) in bank overdraft balances

3,190

(4,257

(1,067

Net cash used in financing activities

(226

(132,366

(26,130

(874

21,354

(138,242

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

8

(7,419

(5,726

(13,137

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

2

14,874

8,032

22,908

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

10

7,455

2,306

9,771

F-56

THE BON-TON
 STORES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 

21. 

SUBSEQUENT
 EVENTS 

On March 18, 2008, the Company declared a quarterly cash
 dividend of 0.05 per share on Class A common stock and
 common stock, payable May 1, 2008 to shareholders of record
 as of April 15, 2008.

On March 28, 2008, the Company announced the consolidation
 of the merchandise processing functions at its Green Bay,
 Wisconsin distribution center into its three other distribution
 centers effective May 2008. The costs associated with the
 consolidation of the distribution operations will not have a
 material effect on the Company s consolidated financial
 statements.

F-57

Schedule II:
 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 THE BON-TON STORES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Balance at 

Charged to 

Balance at 

Beginning 

Costs 

End of 

Classification

of Period

Expenses

Deductions

Other

Period

Year ended January 28, 2006 :

Allowances for doubtful accounts and sales returns

6,172,000

6,225,000

(1)

(6,258,000
 
)(2)

(6,139,000
 
)(3)

Accrual for sales returns

1,198,000

(290,000

3,172,000

(3)

4,080,000

Year ended February 3, 2007 :

Accrual for sales returns

4,080,000

(2,605,000

10,044,000

(4)

11,519,000

Year ended February 2, 2008 :

Accrual for sales returns

11,519,000

6,460,000

17,979,000

NOTES: 

(1) Provision for merchandise returns and loss on credit
 sales.

(2) Uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries.

(3) Adjustment related to the proprietary credit card
 portfolio sale to HSBC Bank Nevada, N.A.

(4) Adjustment represents acquisition purchase accounting.

F-58

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit

Description

10

.18(b)

Renewal of Consulting Arrangement with Michael L. Gleim

10

.24(b)

Amendment No. 1 to Loan and Security Agreement among Bank
 of America, N.A., The Bon-Ton Department Stores, Inc., The
 Elder-Beerman Stores Corp., Carson Pirie Scott, Inc. (f/k/a
 Parisian, Inc.), Herberger s Department Stores, LLC and the
 other credit parties and lenders parties thereto

21

Subsidiaries of the Registrant

23

Consent of KPMG LLP

31

.1

Certification of Byron L. Bergren

31

.2

Certification of Keith E. Plowman

32

Certification Pursuant to
 Rules 13a-14(b) 
 and 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

<EX-10.18(B)>
 2
 w49957exv10w18xby.htm
 RENEWAL OF CONSULTING ARRANGEMENT WITH MICHAEL L. GLIEM

exv10w18xby 

EXHIBIT 10.18(b) 

SUMMARY OF 2008 CONTINUATION OF THE 
CONSULTING ARRANGEMENT WITH MICHAEL L. GLEIM 

On November 29, 2007, the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
of The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. (the Company approved the continuation of an arrangement pursuant to
which Michael L. Gleim, a member of the Board of Directors, serves as a consultant to the Board of
Directors and senior management of the Company and as chair of the Company s retirement plan
committee for an annual fee of 180,000, payable in equal monthly installments. The term of this
continued consulting arrangement is January 1, 2008 through December 31, 2008.

</EX-10.18(B)>

<EX-10.24(B)>
 3
 w49957exv10w24xby.htm
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

exv10w24xby 

EXHIBIT 10.24(b) 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

This AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT dated as of November 20, 2007 (this
 Amendment ), by and among (i) THE BON-TON DEPARTMENT STORES, INC. Bon-Ton ), a
Pennsylvania corporation, HERBERGER S DEPARTMENT STORES, LLC , Herberger s ), a Minnesota
limited liability company, CARSON PIRIE SCOTT, LLC CPS ), an Alabama limited liability
company, and THE ELDER-BEERMAN STORES CORP. Elder-Beerman and together with Bon-Ton,
Herberger s and CPS, collectively, the Borrowers ), an Ohio corporation, (ii) BANK OF
AMERICA, N.A. Bank of America ), (iii) the financial institutions party from time to time
party to the Loan Agreement (as defined below) (together with Bank of America, the
 Lenders ), and (iv) BANK OF AMERICA , as agent for the Lenders Agent ), amends
certain provisions of the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2006 among the
Borrowers, the Lenders and the Agent (as amended and in effect from time to time, the Loan
Agreement ).

WHEREAS , the Borrowers have requested that the Lenders and the Agent consent to the merger of
The Bon-Ton Properties Irondequoit G.P., Inc. into Bon-Ton (the Merger and the
dissolution of The Bon-Ton Properties Irondequoit L.P. (the Dissolution 

WHEREAS , the Agent and the Lenders are willing to consent to the Merger and the Dissolution as
provided herein;

WHEREAS , the Borrowers, the Agent and the Lenders desire to amend certain provisions of the
Loan Agreement as provided more fully herein below;

WHEREAS , each of the undersigned guarantors (each, a Guarantor have guaranteed the
Borrowers obligations to the Lenders and the Agent under or in respect of the Loan Agreement,
pursuant to the terms of that certain Guaranty dated as of March 6, 2006 (as amended or
supplemented and in effect on the date hereof, the Guaranty and

WHEREAS , it is a condition precedent to the Lenders entering into this Amendment that each of
the Guarantors ratifies its obligations under the Guaranty;

NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual agreements contained in the Loan Agreement and
herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

1. Defined Terms . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the
meanings assigned to such terms in the Loan Agreement.

2. Consent . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Loan
Agreement, the Lenders and the Agent consent to the Merger and the Dissolution.

3. Amendments to the Loan Agreement . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions
set forth in Section 6 of this Amendment, the Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

3.1. Section 1.1 (Definitions) of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

(a) by deleting the reference to 4,000,000 in clause (b)(x) of the definition of
 Permitted Distribution and substituting 5,000,000 in lieu thereof.

(b) by deleting the reference to 15,000,000 in clause (b)(y) of the definition of
 Permitted Distribution and substituting 20,000,000 in lieu thereof.

(c) by adding the following new definitions in the appropriate alphabetical order:

Amendment Effective Date November 20, 2007.

3.2. Section 10.1.2 (Financial and Other Information) of the Loan Agreement is hereby
amended as follows:

(a) by deleting the reference to its chief financial officer in Section 10.1.2(b)(ii) and
substituting a Senior Officer of the Borrower Agent in lieu thereof; and

(b) by deleting the reference to (with such certification to be in such Person s capacity as
chief financial officer of such Obligor and not in such Person s individual capacity) in Section
10.1.2(b)(ii) and substituting (with such certification to be in such Person s capacity as a
Senior Officer of such Obligor and not in such Person s individual capacity) in lieu thereof.

(c) by deleting the reference to the chief financial officer in Section 10.1.2(c) and
substituting a Senior Officer in lieu thereof;

(d) by deleting the reference to (with such certification to be in such Person s capacity as
chief financial officer of such Obligor and not in such Person s individual capacity) in Section
10.1.2(c) and substituting (with such certification to be in such Person s capacity as a Senior
Officer of such Obligor and not in such Person s individual capacity) in lieu thereof;

(e) by deleting the reference to the chief financial officer in Section 10.1.2(d) and
substituting a Senior Officer in lieu thereof;

(f) by deleting the reference to (with such certification to be in such Person s capacity as
chief financial officer of Borrower Agent and not in such Person s individual capacity) in Section
10.1.2(d) and substituting (with such certification to be in such Person s capacity as a Senior
Officer of Borrower Agent and not in such Person s individual capacity) in lieu thereof; and

(g) by deleting Section 10.1.2(f) in its entirety and substituting the following in lieu
thereof:

not later than 75 days from the beginning of the current Fiscal Year, projections of
Obligors consolidated balance sheets, results of operations, cash flow and Availability
for the current Fiscal Year and the next two Fiscal Years, year by year, and for the
current Fiscal Year, month by month; 

3.3. Section 10.2.3 (Capital Expenditures) of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by
deleting each reference to 125,000,000 and substituting 150,000,000 in lieu thereof.

4. Affirmation and Acknowledgment . Each of the Borrowers hereby ratifies and
confirms all of its Obligations to the Lenders and the Agent, including, without limitation, the

Loans, and the Borrower hereby affirms its absolute and unconditional promise to pay to the
Lenders the Loans, the Obligations, and all other amounts due under the Loan Agreement as amended
hereby. The Borrower hereby confirms that the Obligations are and remain secured pursuant to the
Security Documents and pursuant to all other instruments and documents executed and delivered by
the Borrower as security for the Obligations.

5. Representations and Warranties . Each of the Borrowers hereby represents and
warrants to the Lenders and the Agent as follows:

(a) The execution and delivery by each of the Borrowers of this Amendment and the performance
by the Borrowers of its obligations and agreements under this Amendment and the Loan Agreement as
amended hereby are within the corporate authority of each Borrower, have been duly authorized by
all necessary corporate proceedings on behalf of each Borrower, and do not and will not contravene
any provision of law, statute, rule or regulation to which any Borrower is subject or such
Borrower s charter, other incorporation papers, by-laws or any stock provision or any amendment
thereof or of any agreement or other instrument binding upon such Borrower.

(b) Each of this Amendment and the Loan Agreement as amended hereby constitutes the legal,
valid and binding obligation of the Borrowers, enforceable against the Borrowers in accordance with
their respective terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
other laws relating to or affecting generally the enforcement of creditors rights and general
equitable principles.

(c) No approval or consent of, or filing by any Borrower with, any governmental agency or
authority is required to make valid and legally binding the execution, delivery or performance by
the Borrowers of this Amendment.

(d) The representations and warranties contained in Section 9 of the Loan Agreement, the other
Loan Documents or in any document or instrument delivered pursuant to or in connection with the
Loan Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date made and as of
the date hereof, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer
to an earlier date and except for changes which do not constitute a violation of the Loan
Agreement.

(e) As of the date hereof, after giving effect to the provisions hereof, there exists no Event
of Default or Default.

6. Conditions . This Amendment shall become effective as of the Amendment Effective
Date upon the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:

(a) this Amendment and all related documents, as applicable, shall have been duly executed and
delivered by the Borrowers, each Obligor, the Required Lenders, the Agent and each other party
thereto, as applicable, and shall be in full force and effect; and

(b) all corporate action necessary for the valid execution, delivery and performance by the
Borrowers of this Amendment and each of the related documents to which it is or is to become a
party, shall have been duly and effectively taken, and evidence thereof reasonably satisfactory to
the Agent shall have been provided to the Agent.

(c) Agent shall have received a certificate of a duly authorized officer of each Borrower
(with such certification to be in such Person s capacity as an officer of such Borrower and not in
such Person s individual capacity), certifying (i) that attached copies of such Borrower s Organic
Documents are true and complete, and in full force and effect, without amendment except as shown,
(ii) that an attached copy of resolutions authorizing execution and delivery of the Amendment is
true and complete, and that such resolutions are in full force and effect, were duly adopted, have
not been amended, modified or revoked, and constitute all resolutions adopted with respect to this
credit facility, and (iii) to the title, name and signature of each Person authorized to sign the
Loan Documents. Agent may conclusively rely on this certificate until it is otherwise notified by
the applicable Borrower in writing.

(d) Agent shall have received copies of the charter documents of each Borrower, certified as
appropriate by the Secretary of State or another official of such Borrower s jurisdiction of
organization, or with respect to one or more Borrowers, a certificate of a duly authorized officer
of such Borrower specifying that there has been no change in such Borrower s charter documents from
those attached to the Secretary s Certificate for such Borrower dated as of March 6, 2006 and
delivered to Agent in connection with the Loan Agreement. Agent shall have received good standing
or subsistence certificates, as applicable, for each Borrower, issued by the Secretary of State or
other appropriate official of such Borrower s jurisdiction of organization.

7. Ratification of Loan Documents . Each of the Obligors hereby ratifies and confirms
the Security Documents to which it is a party and the guarantees, pledges and security interests
created thereby. Each of the Obligors ratifies and confirms that the pledges and security
interests created by the Security Documents to which it is a party secure the obligations that are
secured pursuant to such Security Document. Each of the Guarantors ratifies and confirms that the
guaranties created by the Guaranty guarantee the Obligations of the Borrowers under the Loan
Agreement.

8. Miscellaneous Provisions . 

8.1. Except as otherwise expressly provided by this Amendment, all of the terms, conditions
and provisions of the Loan Agreement and the Loan Documents shall remain the same. It is declared
and agreed by each of the parties hereto that the Loan Agreement and the Loan Documents, as amended
hereby, shall continue in full force and effect, and that this Amendment and the Loan Agreement and
the Loan Documents shall be read and construed as one instrument. All references in the Loan
Agreement or any related agreement or instrument to the Loan Agreement shall hereafter refer to the
Loan Agreement as amended hereby.

8.2. This Amendment shall be construed according to and governed by the laws of the State of
New York, including without limitation, New York General Obligations Law 5-1401 and 5-1402 (but
giving effect to federal laws relating to national banks).

8.3. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, but all such counterparts
shall together constitute but one instrument. In making proof of this Amendment, it shall not be
necessary to produce or account for more than one counterpart signed by each party hereto by and
against which enforcement hereof is sought. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature
page of this Amendment by telecopy or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.

8.4. The Borrowers hereby agrees to pay to the Agent, on demand by the Agent, all reasonable
out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred or sustained by the Agent in connection with the
preparation of this Amendment (including legal fees).

8.5. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document under the Loan Agreement, and all
obligations included in this Amendment (including, without limitation, all obligations for the
payment of principal, interest, fees, and other amounts and expenses) shall constitute Obligations
under the Loan Documents and be secured by the collateral security for the Obligations.

remainder of page intentionally left blank 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the date first above
written.

THE BON-TON DEPARTMENT STORES, INC. 

/s/ H. Todd Dissinger 

By: H. Todd Dissinger 

Title: Vice President, Treasurer 

Address: 2801 East Market Street, York, PA 17402 

Attn: 

Telecopy: (717) 751-3240 

HERBERGER S DEPARTMENT STORES, LLC 

/s/ H. Todd Dissinger 

By: H. Todd Dissinger 

Title: Vice President, Treasurer 

Address: 331 West Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, WI 53203 

Attn: 

Telecopy: (717) 751-3240 

CARSON PIRIE SCOTT, LLC 

By: The Bon-Ton Department Stores, Inc., its sole member 

/s/ H. Todd Dissinger 

By: H. Todd Dissinger 

Title: Vice President, Treasurer 

Address: 2801 East Market Street, York, PA 17402 

Attn: 

Telecopy: (717) 751-3240 

THE ELDER-BEERMAN STORES CORP. 

/s/ H. Todd Dissinger 

By: H. Todd Dissinger 

Title: Vice President, Treasurer 

Address: 2801 East Market Street, York, PA 17402 

Attn: 

Telecopy: (717) 751-3240 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as
Agent and Lender 

/s/ Edmundo Kahn 

By: Edmundo Kahn 

Title: Vice President 

Address: 

335 Madison Avenue, 6 th Floor 

New York, New York 10017 

Attn: Edmundo Kahn 

Telecopy: 212-503-7340 

Each of the undersigned Obligors hereby joins in this Amendment for the sole purpose of
consenting to and being bound by the provisions of 6 hereof.

THE BON-TON STORES, INC. 

/s/ H. Todd Dissinger 

By: H. Todd Dissinger 

Title: Vice President, Treasurer 

Address: 2801 East Market Street, York, PA 17402 

Attn: 

Telecopy: (717) 751-3240 

THE BON-TON TRADE, LLC (formerly known 

as The Bon-Ton Trade Corp.) 

/s/ Robert E. Stern 

By: Robert E. Stern 

Title: President and Secretary 

Address: 300 Delaware Avenue, Suite 12122, Wilmington,
DE 19801 

Attn: 

Telecopy: (302) 652-8667 

THE BON-TON STORES OF LANCASTER, INC. 

/s/ Robert E. Stern 

By: Robert E. Stern 

Title: Secretary/Treasurer 

Address: 2801 East Market Street, York, PA 17402 

Attn: 

Telecopy: (717) 751-3240 

THE BON-TON GIFTCO, INC. 

/s/ Robert E. Stern 

By: Robert E. Stern 

Title: Vice P resident, Secretary 

Address: 2801 East Market Street, York, PA 17402 

Attn: 

Telecopy: (717) 751-3240 

ELDER-BEERMAN WEST VIRGINIA, INC. 

/s/ H. Todd Dissinger 

By: H. Todd Dissinger 

Title: Vice President, Treasurer 

Address: 2801 East Market Street, York, PA 17402 

Attn: 

Telecopy: (717) 751-3240 

ELDER-BEERMAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

/s/ H. Todd Dissinger 

By: H. Todd Dissinger 

Title: Vice President and Treasurer 

Address: 2801 East Market Street, York, PA 17402 

Attn: 

Telecopy: (717) 751-3240 

ELDER-BEERMAN OPERATIONS, LLC 

BY: The Elder-Beerman Stores Corp., its managing member 

/s/ H. Todd Dissinger 

By: H. Todd Dissinger 

Title: Vice President and Treasurer 

Address: 2801 East Market Street, York, PA 17402 

Attn: 

Telecopy: (717) 751-3240 

BON-TON DISTRIBUTION, INC. (formerly known as
Saks Distribution Centers, Inc.) 

/s/ H. Todd Dissinger 

By: H. Todd Dissinger 

Title: Vice President Treasurer 

Address: 331 West Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, WI 53203 

Attn: 

Telecopy: (717) 751-3240 

MCRIL, LLC 

/s/ H. Todd Dissinger 

By: H. Todd Dissinger 

Title: Vice President Treasurer 

Address: 331 West Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, WI 53203 

Attn: 

Telecopy: (717) 751-3240 

CARSON PIRIE SCOTT II, INC. (formerly known as McRae s, Inc.) 

/s/ H. Todd Dissinger 

By: H. Todd Dissinger 

Title: Vice President Treasurer 

Address: 331 West Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, WI 53203 

Attn: 

Telecopy: (717) 751-3240 

LENDERS: 

GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL 

CORPORATION 

/s/ Charles Chiodo 

By: 
 
 Charles Chiodo 

Title: Duly Authorized Signatory 

Address:

201 Merritt 7 

Norwalk, Connecticut 06851 

Attn:

Charles Chiodo 

Telecopy:

203-956-4002 

CITICORP NORTH AMERICA 

/s/ Marcus Wunderlich 

By: 
 
 Marcus Wunderlich 

Title: Vice President 

Address:

2 Penn s Way, Suite 200 

New Castle, Delaware 19720 

Attn:

Carmen Otero 

Telecopy:

212-994-0849 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 

/s/ James M. Barbato 

By: 
 
 James M. Barbato 

Title: Vice President 

Address:

1 Chase Square, 25 th Floor 

Rochester, New York 14643 

Attn:

James Barbato 

Telecopy:

585-797-2960 

WELLS FARGO RETAIL FINANCE, LLC 

/s/ Danielle Baldinelli 

By: 
 
 Danielle Baldinelli 

Title: Assistant Vice President 

Address:

One Boston Place, Suite 1800 

Boston, Massachusetts 02108 

Attn:

Danielle Baldinelli 

Telecopy:

617-854-7238 

THE CIT GROUP/BUSINESS CREDIT, INC. 

/s/ Matthew DeFranco 

By: 
 
 Matthew DeFranco 

Title: Assistant Vice President 

Address:

11 West 42 nd Street 

New York, New York 10036 

Attn:

Matthew DeFranco 

Telecopy:

212-461-7762 

MERRILL LYNCH CAPITAL, A DIVISION OF 

MERRILL LYNCH BUSINESS FINANCIAL 

SERVICES INC. 

/s/ Tara Wrobel 

By: 
 
 Tara Wrobel 

Title: Vice President 

Address:

225 Liberty Street, 36 th Floor 

New York, New York 10281 

Attn:

Tara Wrobel 

Telecopy:

212-236-3257 

WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

/s/ Robert H. Waters, Jr. 

By: 
 
 Robert H. Waters, Jr. 

Title: Director 

Address:

One South Broad Street PA4812 

Philadelphia, PA 19107 

Attn:

Robert H. Waters, Jr. 

Telecopy:

267-321-6791 

LASALLE RETAIL FINANCE, A DIVISION OF 

LASALLE BUSINESS CREDIT, LLC, AS AGENT 

FOR LASALLE BANK MIDWEST 

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

/s/ Steve Friedlander 

By: Steve Friedlander 

Title: Senior Vice President 

Address:

25 Braintree Hill Office Park, 

Suite 205 

Braintree, Massachusetts 02184 

Attn:

Scott Wolkovich 

Telecopy:

781-353-6112 

CITIZENS BANK OF PENNSYLVANIA 

/s/ Don Cmar 

By: 
 
 Don Cmar 

Title: Vice President 

Address:

Six PPG Place, Suite 820 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 

Attn:

Don Cmar 

Telecopy:

412-391-2580 

NATIONAL CITY BUSINESS CREDIT, INC. 

/s/ Matthew Potter 

By: 
 
 Matthew Potter 

Title: Vice President 

Address:

1965 E. 6 th Street, Suite 400 

Locator #01-3049 

Cleveland, Ohio 44114 

Attn:

Matthew Potter 

Telecopy:

216-222-9555 

M T BANK 

/s/ Grant C. Gooder 

By: 
 
 Grant C. Gooder 

Title: Bank Officer 

Address:

25 South Charles St. 

Baltimore, Maryland 21201 

Attn:

Grant C. Gooder 

Telecopy:

410-244-4960 

UBS LOAN FINANCE LLC 

/s/ Richard L. Tavrow 

By: Richard L. Tavrow 

Title: Director 

/s/ David B. Julie 

By: David B. Julie 

Title: Associate Director 

Address:

677 Washington Blvd. 

Stamford, Connecticut 06901 

Attn:

Michael Reilly 

Telecopy:

203-719-5259 

SOVEREIGN BANK 

/s/ Judith C.E. Kelly 

By: Judith C.E. Kelly 

Title: Senior Vice President 

Address:

75 State Street 

Boston, Massachusetts 02109 

Attn:

Judith Kelly 

Telecopy:

617-346-7330 

HSBC BUSINESS CREDIT (USA) INC. 

/s/ Paul Niemczyk 

By: Paul Niemczyk 

Title: Assistant Vice President 

Address:

452 5 th Avenue, Tower 4 

New York, New York 10018 

Attn:

Paul Niemczyk 

Telecopy:

212-525-2520 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

/s/ Robert T. Orzechowski 

By: Robert T. Orzechowski 

Title: Vice President 

Address:

1600 Market Street, 31 st Floor 

Philadelphia, PA 19103 

F2-F070-31-2 

Attn:

Robert T. Orzechowski 

Telecopy:

215-585-4771 

NORTH FORK BUSINESS CAPITAL CORPORATION 

/s/ Robert R. Wallace 

By: Robert R. Wallace 

Title: Vice President 

Address:

265 Broadhollow Road 

Melville, New York 11747 

Attn:

Robert R. Wallace 

Telecopy:

631-531-2765 

</EX-10.24(B)>

<EX-21>
 4
 w49957exv21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

exv21 

EXHIBIT 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Jurisdiction of 

Subsidiary 
 
 Organization 
 
 Tradenames 

Bonstores Realty One, LLC

Delaware 

Bonstores Realty Two, LLC

Delaware 

Bon-Ton Distribution, Inc.

Illinois

Carson Pirie Scott Furniture Gallery 

Carson Pirie Scott II, Inc.

Mississippi

Herberger s, Younkers 

Elder-Beerman West Virginia, Inc.

West Virginia

Elder-Beerman 

McRIL, LLC

Virginia

Bergner s, Carson Pirie Scott,
Carson Pirie Scott Furniture
Gallery, Younkers 

The Bon-Ton Department Stores, Inc.

Pennsylvania

Bon-Ton, Boston Store, Boston Store
Furniture Gallery, Herberger s,
Younkers 

The Bon-Ton Giftco, Inc.

Florida

Bon-Ton 

The Bon-Ton Trade, LLC

Delaware 

The Elder-Beerman Stores Corp.

Ohio

Elder-Beerman 

All subsidiaries are wholly owned.

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 w49957exv23.htm
 CONSENT OF KPMG LLP

exv23 

Exhibit 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors 
The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.:

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements on Form S-8 (File Nos.
33-43105, 33-51954, 333-36633, 333-36661, 333-36725, 333-46974, 333-65120, 333-118700, and
333-139107), and Form S-3 (File No. 333-112425) of The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. of our reports dated
April 16, 2008, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of February 2, 2008 and February 3, 2007, and the related consolidated statements
of income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year
period ended February 2, 2008, and the related financial statement schedule and the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting as of February 2, 2008, which reports appear in the
February 2, 2008 annual report on Form 10-K of The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. Our report dated April 16,
2008 on the consolidated financial statements refers to the adoption of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 123R, Share-Based Payment, effective January 29, 2006, Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 158, Employers Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and
Other Postretirement Plans, effective February 3, 2007, and Financial Accounting Standards Board
Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, effective February 4, 2007.

/s/ KPMG LLP

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
April 16, 2008

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 w49957exv31w1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF BYRON L. BERGEN

exv31w1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF BYRON L. BERGREN 

I, Byron L. Bergren, certify that:

1) 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.; 

2) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

4) 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

DATE: April 16, 2008 
 By: 
 /s/ Byron L. Bergren

Byron L. Bergren 

President and Chief 
Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 w49957exv31w2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF KEITH E. PLOWMAN

exv31w2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF KEITH E. PLOWMAN 

I, Keith E. Plowman, certify that:

1) 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.; 

2) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

4) 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

DATE: April 16, 2008 
 By: 
 /s/ Keith E. Plowman

Keith E. Plowman 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial 
Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 w49957exv32.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14(B) AND 15D-14(B)

exv32 

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(b) and 15d-14(b) OF THE SECURITIES 
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

In connection with the Annual Report of The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. on Form 10-K for the period
ended February 2, 2008, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each
of the undersigned officers of The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc., certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, that:

1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. 

DATE: April 16, 2008 
 By: 
 /s/ Byron L. Bergren

Byron L. Bergren 

President and Chief 
Executive Officer and Director 

By: 
 /s/ Keith E. Plowman

Keith E. Plowman 

Executive Vice President, 
Chief Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer 

A signed original of this written statement has been provided to The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. and will
be retained by The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or
its staff upon request.

</EX-32>

