<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20080314_10-K_edgar_data_832489_0000950144-08-001930.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>702817</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>198281</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>13399</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>389305</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>5</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950144-08-001930.hdr.sgml : 20080314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20080314131838
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950144-08-001930
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20071231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20080314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20080314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Geovax Labs, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000832489
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER & OFFICE EQUIPMENT [3570]
		IRS NUMBER:				870455038
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52091
		FILM NUMBER:		08688656

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1256 BRIARCLIFF ROAD N.E.
		STREET 2:		EMTECH BIO SUITE 500
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			2Q
		ZIP:			30306
		BUSINESS PHONE:		404 727-0971

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1256 BRIARCLIFF ROAD N.E.
		STREET 2:		EMTECH BIO SUITE 500
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			2Q
		ZIP:			30306

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DAUPHIN TECHNOLOGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940826

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUCCESSO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19910410

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 OPDvayuuPn3hVJqWhXWcsnBl9XknYs8LGeqKTyxv3rKhfA7CmGZdYU+l2JnKX9wh
 Ti+V9S6fG2JIc1Yx6DZ5tg==

 0000950144-08-001930.txt : 20080314

10-K
 1
 g12286e10vk.htm
 GEOVAX LABS, INC.

GEOVAX LABS, INC. 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND
 EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C.
 20549 

Form 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

For fiscal year ended December
 31, 2007 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

Commission File
 No. 000-52091 

GEOVAX LABS, INC. 

(Exact name of Registrant as
 specified in its charter) 

Illinois 

87-0455038 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(IRS Employer 
 Identification Number) 

1256 Briarcliff Road NE 
 Atlanta, GA 
 (Address of principal
 executive offices) 

30306 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code: 

(404) 727-0971 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
 Act: 

Common Stock .001 par value 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
 seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
 Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
 reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
 Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed
 all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant
 was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
 subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 (1) Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
 pursuant to Item 405 of
 Regulation S-K 
 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein,
 and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s
 knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
 incorporated by reference in Part III of this
 Form 10-K 
 or any amendment to this
 Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
 accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated
 filer and smaller reporting company in Rule
 12b-2 of the
 Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated
 filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Non-accelerated
 filer 

Smaller reporting
 company 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
 (as defined in
 Rule 12b-2 
 of the
 Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of common stock held by
 non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2007, the last
 business day of the registrant s most recently completed
 second fiscal quarter, based on the closing price on that date
 of 0.28, was 94,649,045.

As of March 10, 2008, the number of shares of the
 registrant s common stock, .001 par value, is
 731,827,926 issued and outstanding.

DOCUMENTS
 INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

The proxy statement of the registrant with respect to its 2008
 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference in
 Part III.

GEOVAX
 LABS, INC. 

Table
 of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1 

Business 

4

Item 1A 

Risk Factors 

13

Item 1B 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

19

Item 2 

Properties 

19

Item 3 

Legal Proceedings 

19

Item 4 

Submission of Matters to Vote of Security
 Holders 

19

PART II 

Item 5 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity and
 Related Shareholder Matters 

19

Item 6 

Selected Financial Data 

21

Item 7 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

22

Item 7A 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
 Market Risk 

26

Item 8 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

27

Item 9 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
 Accounting or Financial Disclosure 

27

Item 9A 

Controls and Procedures 

27

Item 9B 

Other Information 

29

PART III 

Item 10 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
 Governance 

29

Item 11 

Executive Compensation 

29

Item 12 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
 and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

29

Item 13 

Certain Relationships and Related Party
 Transactions, and Director Independence 

29

Item 14 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

29

PART IV 

Item 15 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

30

Signatures 

32

Exhibit Index 

33

EX-10.3 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH MARK REYNOLDS 
 EX-31.1 SECTION 302, CERTIFICATION OF THE PRESIDENT AND CEO 
 EX-31.2 SECTION 302, CERTIFICATION OF THE CFO 
 EX-32.1 SECTION 906, CERTIFICATION OF THE PRESIDENT AND CEO 
 EX-32.2 SECTION 906, CERTIFICATION OF THE CFO 

2

Table of Contents 

SAFE
 HARBOR STATEMENT 

From time to time, we make oral and written statements that
 may constitute forward-looking statements (rather
 than historical facts). 

All statements in this Annual Report, that are not statements
 of historical fact are forward-looking statements, including any
 projections of financial items, any statements of the plans and
 objectives of management for future operations, any statements
 concerning proposed new products or services, any statements
 regarding future economic conditions or performance, and any
 statement of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. In
 some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the
 use of terminology such as may, will, 
 expects, plans, anticipates, 
 estimates, potential or
 could or the negative thereof or other comparable
 terminology. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
 in the forward-looking statements contained herein and in
 documents incorporated by this Annual Report are reasonable,
 there can be no assurance that such expectations or any of the
 forward-looking statements will prove to be correct, and actual
 results could differ materially from those projected or assumed
 in the forward-looking statements. 

Our future financial condition and results of operations, as
 well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to inherent
 risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the risk
 factors set forth under the heading Risk Factors in
 this Annual Report, and including risks or uncertainties
 regarding the clinical testing required by regulatory
 authorities for products under development; the need for future
 clinical testing of our products under development; the
 significant time and expense that will be incurred in developing
 any of the potential commercial applications for our products;
 our ability to obtain capital to fund our current and future
 operations; and risks relating to the enforceability of any
 patents covering our products and to the possible infringement
 of third party patents by those products. All forward-looking
 statements included in this Annual Report are made as of the
 date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update these
 forward-looking statements. 

3

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Description
 of Business 

GeoVax Labs, Inc. was incorporated in 1988 in the state of
 Illinois. Our principal corporate offices are located in
 Atlanta, Georgia. As used herein, GeoVax , the
 Company , we , our and similar terms
 include GeoVax Labs, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the
 context indicates otherwise.

GeoVax is a clinical stage biotechnology company engaged in
 research and development activities with a mission to develop,
 license and commercialize the manufacture and sale of human
 vaccines for diseases caused by Human Immunodeficiency Virus
 HIV and other infectious agents. We have
 exclusively licensed from Emory University certain Acquired
 Immune Deficiency Syndrome AIDS vaccine technology
 which was developed in collaboration with the National
 Institutes of Health and the Centers for Disease Control and
 Prevention.

GeoVax was originally incorporated under the name of Dauphin
 Technology, Inc. Dauphin ). Until December 2003,
 Dauphin marketed mobile hand-held, pen-based computers and
 broadband set-top boxes and provided private, interactive cable
 systems to the extended stay hospitality industry. Dauphin was
 unsuccessful and its operations were terminated in December
 2003. On September 28, 2006, Dauphin completed a merger
 (the Merger with GeoVax, Inc. Pursuant to the
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, GeoVax, Inc. merged with and into
 GeoVax Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dauphin.
 As a result of the Merger, the shareholders of GeoVax, Inc.
 exchanged their shares of common stock for Dauphin common stock
 and GeoVax, Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dauphin. In
 connection with the Merger, Dauphin changed its name to GeoVax
 Labs, Inc., replaced most of its officers and directors with
 those of GeoVax, Inc. and moved its offices to Atlanta, Georgia.
 We currently do not plan to conduct any business other than
 GeoVax, Inc. s business of developing new products for the
 treatment or prevention of human diseases.

Overview
 of HIV/AIDS 

What
 is HIV? 

HIV (human immunodeficiency virus) is a retrovirus that carries
 its genetic code in the form of RNA (ribonucleic acid).
 Retroviruses use RNA and the reverse transcriptase enzyme to
 create DNA (deoxyribonucleic acid) from the RNA template. The
 HIV virus invades a human cell and produces its viral DNA which
 is subsequently inserted into the genetic material (chromosomes)
 of the cell. This infection converts helper T-cells (a type of
 white blood cell) from immunity producing cells into cells that
 produce and release HIV virus particles into the blood stream
 destroying the immune defense system of the individual.

There are several AIDS-causing HIV-1 virus subtypes, or
 clades , that are found in different regions of the
 world. These subtypes are identified as subtype A, subtype B on
 through C, D, E, F, etc.. The predominant subtype found in
 Europe, North America, South America, Japan and Australia is B
 whereas the predominant subtypes in Africa are A and C. In India
 the predominant subtype is C. Each subtype is at least 20 
 different in its genetic sequence from other subtypes. These
 differences may mean that vaccines against one subtype may only
 be partially effective against other subtypes.

HIV-1, even within subtypes, has a high rate of variation or
 mutation. In drug treatment programs, virus mutation can result
 in virus escape, thereby rendering drug therapy ineffective.
 Hence, multi-drug therapy is very important. If several drugs
 are active against virus replication, the virus must undergo
 multiple simultaneous mutations to escape which is very
 unlikely. The same is true for immune responses. HIV-1 can
 escape single target immune responses. However, if an immune
 response is directed against multiple targets (epitopes), virus
 escape is much less frequent. Vaccination against more than one
 of the proteins found in HIV-1 virus maximizes the number of
 targets for the immune response and increases the chance that
 HIV will not escape the vaccine-stimulated immune response, thus
 resulting in protection against clinical AIDS.

4

Table of Contents 

What
 is AIDS? 

AIDS is the final, life-threatening stage of infection with the
 virus known as HIV-1. Infection with HIV-1 severely damages the
 immune system, the body s defense against disease. HIV-1
 infects and gradually destroys T-cells and macrophages, white
 blood cells that play key roles in protecting humans against
 infectious disease caused by viruses, bacteria, fungi and other
 micro-organisms.

Opportunistic infections by organisms, normally posing no
 problem for control by a healthy immune system, can ravage
 persons with immune systems damaged by HIV-1 infections.
 Destruction of the immune system occurs over years; the average
 onset of the clinical disease recognized as AIDS occurs after
 3-10 years of HIV-1 infection but can be earlier or later.

AIDS in humans was first identified in the US in 1981, but
 researchers believe that it was present in Central Africa as
 early as 1959. AIDS is most often transmitted sexually from one
 person to another but is also transmitted by blood in shared
 needles (drug users) and through pregnancy and childbirth.
 Heterosexual activity is the most frequent route of transmission
 worldwide. According to UNAIDS, over 40 million people are
 believed to be HIV-infected globally with infection rates
 continuing to rise.

Viral load is the best indicator of the speed with which an
 individual will progress to AIDS, as well as the frequency with
 which an individual will spread infection. An estimated 1 or
 fewer of those infected have low enough levels of the virus to
 preclude progression to disease and to not transmit the
 infection (they are called long-term
 non-progressors ).

AIDS is considered by many in the scientific and medical
 community to be the most lethal infectious disease in the world.
 According to the 2006 Report on the Global AIDS Epidemic
 published by UNAIDS (the Joint United Nations Programme on
 HIV/AIDS), the number of people living with HIV continues to
 grow, from 35 million in 2001 to approximately
 38 million in 2005, the most recent year reported.
 Approximately 25 million people have died since the first
 cases of AIDS were identified in 1981 and, during 2005,
 approximately four million people became newly infected with
 HIV. According to an International AIDS Vaccine Research
 Institute (IAVI) report dated June 13, 2005, the global
 market for a safe and effective AIDS vaccine has been estimated
 at approximately 4 billion or greater.

The standard approach to treating HIV infection has been to
 lower viral loads by using drugs, reverse transcriptase
 inhibitors RTIs and protease inhibitors
 PIs ), or a combination of these drugs, to inhibit
 two of the viral enzymes that are necessary for the virus to
 reproduce. However, HIV is prone to genetic changes that can
 produce strains of HIV that are resistant to currently approved
 RTIs and PIs. Generally, HIV that is resistant to one drug
 within a class is likely to become resistant to the entire
 class, meaning that it may be impossible to re-establish
 suppression of a genetically altered strain by substituting
 different RTI and PI combinations. Furthermore, these treatments
 continue to have significant limitations, such as viral
 resistance, toxicity and patient non-adherence to the
 complicated treatment regimens. As a result, over time, many
 patients develop intolerance to these medications or simply give
 up taking the medications due to the side effects and the
 difficult dosing regimens.

According to the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative, the cost
 and complexity of new treatment advances for AIDS puts them out
 of reach for most people in the countries where treatment is
 needed the most and as noted above, in industrialized nations,
 where drugs are more readily available, side effects and
 increased rates of viral resistance have raised concerns about
 their long term use. AIDS vaccines, therefore, are seen by many
 as the most promising way to end the HIV/AIDS pandemic. It is
 expected that vaccines for HIV/AIDS, once developed, will be
 used internationally by any organization that provides health
 care services, including hospitals, medical clinics, the
 military, prisons and schools.

AIDS
 Vaccines Being Developed by the Company 

Our vaccines, initially developed by Dr. Harriet Robinson
 at Emory University in collaboration with researchers at the
 National Institutes of Health (NIH) National Institute of
 Allergy and Infectious Disease (NIAID), and the United States
 Centers for Disease Control (CDC), are recombinant DNA
 (deoxyribonucleic acid) and MVA (Modified Vaccinia Ankara)
 vaccines. Our focus is on developing AIDS vaccines comprising

5

Table of Contents 

the major HIV-1 subtypes (A, B and C). These vaccines will be
 able to be used alone or as combinations depending on a local
 infection. Subtype B is most common in North America, the EU,
 Japan and Australia and is our first priority.

When administered in series, these AIDS vaccines induce strong
 cellular and humoral immunity [protection] in non human primates
 against multiple HIV-1 proteins [AIDS virus components]. This
 suggests that our vaccines will provide protection against the
 development of AIDS in HIV-1 virus infected people.

Because of the difficulty raising antibodies that are capable of
 totally blocking natural HIV-1 infections, the GeoVax vaccine
 approach has focused on raising cellular immune responses in
 addition to antibodies, which together can better control HIV-1
 infections [prevent AIDS] than either alone. Vaccine induced
 cellular immune responses are mediated by white blood cells in
 the body called T-cells that recognize and respond to the
 presence of foreign proteins presented by an infection such as
 the HIV-1 virus. CD8 T-cells directly combat these infections by
 destroying HIV infected cells, while CD4 T-cells provide growth
 factors that support activation and maintenance of CD8 T-cell
 responses. Proteins produced in the cells of a person are the
 best substrates for raising CD8 T-cell responses. GeoVax
 vaccines are expressed in cells of the vaccinated person by
 genetically engineered DNA vaccines and live viral vector MVA
 vaccines.

Our method of stimulating high T-cell frequencies and antibodies
 in the vaccinated person is to combine DNA vaccine priming with
 a recombinant live virus MVA vaccine boost. This prime/boost
 combination elicits protective immune responses in preclinical
 monkey models and holds high promise for eliciting responses
 that will protect humans against the development of HIV/AIDS.

DNA as
 the Priming Vaccine 

Proteins that are produced in host cells of the body are the
 best substrates for raising CD8 T-cell responses. The GeoVax
 vaccine achieves this cellular stimulation by using DNA vaccines
 and/or live
 viral vectors (MVA) as a system to stimulate T-cells to destroy
 HIV-1 viruses when they appear in the body. An effective method
 for stimulating high frequencies of T-cells in conjunction with
 antibodies is to combine DNA priming of the immune response with
 a recombinant live virus vectored booster (rMVA) of the immune
 response.

Priming with GeoVax s HIV-1/DNA vaccine initially focuses
 the immune response on the DNA components. This is followed by
 injection of GeoVax s HIV-1/rMVA live virus vector booster
 which enhances this immune response in two ways by
 expressing larger amounts of antigen than can be achieved with
 DNA alone, and by the infection stimulating pro-inflammatory
 response that enhances immunity in the individual.

MVA
 Booster Vaccine 

MVA was chosen as the poxvirus vector to boost immunity induced
 by GeoVax DNA priming vaccination because of its safety features
 and because of the excellent protective responses that it
 stimulated in preclinical (monkey) models.

MVA was originally developed as a safe smallpox vaccine for use
 in immuno-compromised humans by further attenuating the standard
 smallpox vaccine. During this attenuation (loss of disease
 causing ability), MVA also lost essentially all of its ability
 to replicate in human cells. The attenuation was accomplished by
 making over 500 passages of the virus in chicken embryos or
 chick embryo fibroblasts (CEF). During passage the virus
 underwent 6 large genomic deletions. These deletions affected
 the ability of MVA to replicate and cause safety problems in
 humans, but did not compromise the ability of MVA to grow on the
 CEF cells that are required for manufacturing the virus.

The effectiveness of MVA as a vaccine vector is also accounted
 for by its loss of immune evasion genes during its passages in
 CEF cells. During the years of the dreaded human smallpox
 epidemics these immune evasion genes assisted the spread of
 smallpox infections, even in the presence of human immune
 responses.

MVA was safely administered to over 120,000 people in the
 1970 s to protect them against smallpox. With the advent of
 bioterrorism, our choice of the MVA vector becomes even more
 important, because of its potential for immunization for
 smallpox. GeoVax HIV vaccines may serve as both an HIV and a
 smallpox vaccine.

6

Table of Contents 

GeoVax s DNA and MVA vaccines express over 66 of the AIDS
 virus (HIV-1) protein components in order to stimulate a broad
 anti-HIV immune response. The vaccines cannot cause AIDS because
 they do not include complete virus. We believe that the vaccines
 provide multi-target protection against the AIDS virus, thus
 largely limiting virus escape, large scale viral replication and
 the onset of clinical signs of AIDS in the vaccinated individual.

Preclinical
 Studies 

Our vaccines underwent efficacy trials in non-human primates for
 a period of over 42 months. The GeoVax prototype DNA and
 MVA AIDS vaccines successfully protected rhesus macaque monkeys
 against AIDS when a highly virulent AIDS inducing virus (SHIV, a
 hybrid of simian and human immunodeficiency virus) was
 administered to the monkeys seven months after vaccination. In
 these pre-clinical trials the vaccines caused no significant
 side effects and 22 out of 23 monkeys were protected against
 AIDS while 5 out of 6 non-vaccinated control animals died of
 clinical AIDS. This level of control is comparable to the
 intrinsic viral control exhibited by the approximately 1 of the
 human population that become infected with the HIV virus, but
 who do not develop clinical signs of AIDS (long-term
 non-progressors). Over 66 of the AIDS virus proteins are
 expressed by our DNA and MVA vaccines in vaccinated individuals.
 This broad coverage of HIV components is anticipated to
 stimulate broad protective responses in the vaccinated
 individual thus preventing clinical disease.

Following these animal trials, our vaccines were approved for
 Phase I trials in humans by the U.S. Food and Drug
 Administration FDA ). This preclinical work enabling
 development of the clinical evaluation of our DNA and MVA
 vaccines was funded and supported by the NIAID. (See
 Government Regulation below for an explanation of
 how clinical trials are conducted.)

Phase
 I Human Clinical Trials 

A Phase I clinical study in humans, evaluating our DNA-AIDS
 vaccine for safety began in January 2003 and was satisfactorily
 concluded in June 2004. This trial was conducted by the HIV
 Vaccine Trials Network (HVTN), a division of NIAID-NIH.

The start of a series of four additional human trials evaluating
 our AIDS vaccines at four locations in the United States began
 in April 2006. These Phase Ia/Ib human trials are designed to
 determine if our vaccines are safe and will stimulate the level
 of immune responses (T-cell and antibody) that may protect
 against the development of clinical signs of AIDS. These trials
 are intended to provide human data that indicates our vaccine is
 safe and that it has the potential to protect vaccinated
 individuals against the development of AIDS.

The first of these four trials evaluated a low dose
 (1/10th of the vaccine dose) vaccination program.
 Preliminary results from this blinded trial demonstrated
 excellent vaccine safety and positive anti-HIV-1 immune
 responses to the vaccine in 9 of 11 participants where
 9 people received GeoVax HIV/AIDS vaccines and 2 received
 placebos. All trial participants were normal, healthy
 individuals.

The second of four trials, initiated in September 2006, was
 designed to evaluate results from full dose administration of
 our HIV/AIDS vaccines. Recent data indicates excellent safety in
 this full dose trial with positive immune response data in the
 majority of vaccine recipients. Involving 36 participants of
 which 30 received vaccine and 6 received placebo, this trial
 protocol included vaccination with two full-doses of
 GeoVax s DNA vaccine to prime the immune response followed
 by two full-doses of GeoVax s MVA vaccine to boost the
 immune response. From data collected from the 26 participants
 who completed this trial, the following positive conclusions
 were observed:

GeoVax HIV/AIDS vaccines, both DNA and MVA, continue to
 demonstrate that they are quite safe and immunogenic

The full-dose regimen of GeoVax vaccines continues to be well
 tolerated without any type of reaction, mild or systemic, in the
 majority of participants

CD4 T-cell responses are high in both the low and full-dose
 regimens, 84 and 78 of participants

7

Table of Contents 

CD8 T-cell responses are present in 42 of the full-dose
 recipients and 33 of the 1/10th dose recipients.

Antibody responses to the envelope glycoprotein (Env) increased
 following the fourth vaccination, and were present in 88 of the
 full-dose participants

Delivery of the fourth vaccination increased the frequency and
 magnitude of the CD8 T-cell and antibody responses

In July 2007, we began the third and fourth of this series of
 Phase I human clinical trials. The third trial is designed to
 evaluate a single dose DNA prime followed by two MVA boosts,
 while the fourth trial will utilize only GeoVax s MVA
 vaccine in a three dose regimen. These trials are continuing
 with excellent safety results thus far; immunogenicity results
 are anticipated later in 2008.

All of our Phase I human clinical trials have been conducted by
 the HIV Vaccine Trials Network (HVTN). The HVTN, funded and
 supported by the NIH, is the largest worldwide clinical trials
 program devoted to the development and testing of HIV/AIDS
 vaccines.

Phase II
 Human Clinical Trials 

Due to the promising positive human vaccine response data from
 our Phase I trials, the HVTN, together with GeoVax, have
 accelerated their plans to conduct Phase II human trials on
 our AIDS vaccines. We expect the Phase II trials to
 commence in mid-2008. Tentative plans are for a 500 person
 trial in low risk individuals at several sites in the United
 States., evaluating our DNA and MVA vaccines in a similar four
 dose regimen as was successfully implemented in our most recent
 trials.

Support
 from the NIH 

All of our human clinical trials to date have been conducted by,
 and at the expense of, the HIV Vaccine Trials Network (HVTN), a
 division of the National Institutes of Health-National Institute
 of Allergy Infectious Disease [NIH-NIAID]. Our
 responsibility for these trials has been to provide sufficient
 supplies of vaccine materials and technical expertise when
 necessary. The HVTN is also planning to conduct our planned
 Phase II human clinical trials.

Also, in September 2007, we were the recipient of a
 15 million Integrated Preclinical/Clinical AIDS Vaccine
 Development [IPCAVD] Grant to support our HIV/AIDS vaccine
 program. This large grant was awarded by the NIH-NIAID. The
 grant funding period is over a five year period commencing
 October 2007. Only meritorious HIV/AIDS prevention vaccine
 candidates are considered to receive an IPCAVD award. Candidate
 companies are highly scrutinized and must supply substantial
 positive AIDS vaccine data to support their application. IPCAVD
 grants are awarded on a competitive basis and are designed to
 support later stage vaccine research, development and human
 trials. We will utilize this funding to further our HIV/AIDS
 vaccine development, optimization, production and human clinical
 trial testing.

Government
 Regulation 

Regulation by governmental authorities in the United States and
 other countries is a significant factor in our ongoing research
 and development activities and in the manufacture of our
 products under development. Complying with these regulations
 involves a considerable amount of time and expense.

In the United States, drugs are subject to rigorous federal
 regulation and, to a lesser extent, state regulation. The
 Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended (the FDC
 Act ), and the regulations promulgated thereunder, and
 other federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among
 other things, the testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy,
 labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising and
 promotion of medications and medical devices. Product
 development and approval within this regulatory framework is
 difficult to predict, takes a number of years and involves great
 expense.

8

Table of Contents 

The steps required before a pharmaceutical agent may be marketed
 in the United States include:

pre-clinical laboratory tests, in vivo pre-clinical studies and
 formulation studies;

the submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug
 Application (IND) for human clinical testing which must become
 effective before human clinical trials can commence;

adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish
 the safety and efficacy of the product;

the submission of a New Drug Application to the FDA; and

FDA approval of the New Drug Application prior to any commercial
 sale or shipment of the product.

Each of these steps is described further below.

In addition to obtaining FDA approval for each product, each
 domestic manufacturing establishment must be registered with,
 and approved by, the FDA. Domestic manufacturing establishments
 are subject to biennial inspections by the FDA and must comply
 with the FDA s Good Manufacturing Practices for products,
 drugs and devices.

Pre-clinical Trials Pre-clinical
 testing includes laboratory evaluation of chemistry and
 formulation, as well as cell culture and animal studies to
 assess the potential safety and efficacy of the product.
 Pre-clinical safety tests must be conducted by laboratories that
 comply with FDA regulations regarding Good Laboratory Practices.
 The results of pre-clinical testing are submitted to the FDA as
 part of the IND application and are reviewed by the FDA prior to
 the commencement of human clinical trials. Unless the FDA
 objects to an IND, the IND becomes effective 30 days
 following its receipt by the FDA.

Clinical Trials Clinical trials
 involve the administration of the AIDS vaccines to healthy
 volunteers or to patients under the supervision of a qualified
 principal investigator. Clinical trials are conducted in
 accordance with the FDA s Good Clinical Practices standard
 under protocols that detail the objectives of the study, the
 parameters to be used to monitor safety and the efficacy
 criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol must be submitted to the
 FDA as part of the IND. Further, each clinical study must be
 conducted under the auspices of an independent institutional
 review board at the institution where the study will be
 conducted. The institutional review board will consider, among
 other things, ethical factors, the safety of human subjects and
 the possible liability of the institution.

Clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential
 phases, but the phases may overlap. In Phase I, the initial
 introduction of the product into healthy human subjects, the
 vaccine is tested for safety (adverse side effects) and dosage
 tolerance. Phase II is the proof of principal stage and
 involves studies in a limited patient population in order to
 determine the efficacy of the product for specific, targeted
 indications, determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage and
 identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks. When
 there is evidence that the product may be effective and has an
 acceptable safety profile in Phase II evaluations,
 Phase III trials are undertaken to further evaluate
 clinical efficacy and to test for safety within an expanded
 patient population at geographically dispersed multi-center
 clinical study sites. The manufacturer or the FDA may suspend
 clinical trials at any time if either believes that the
 individuals participating in the trials are being exposed to
 unacceptable health risks.

New Drug Application and FDA Approval Process
 The results and details of the pre-clinical
 studies and clinical studies are submitted to the FDA in the
 form of a New Drug Application. If the New Drug Application is
 approved, the manufacturer may market the product in the United
 States.

International Approval Whether or not
 the FDA has approved the drug, approval of a product by
 regulatory authorities in foreign countries must be obtained
 prior to the commencement of commercial sales of the drug in
 such countries. The requirements governing the conduct of
 clinical trials and drug approvals vary widely from country to
 country, and the time required for approval may be longer or
 shorter than that required for FDA approval.

9

Table of Contents 

Other
 Regulations 

In addition to FDA regulations, our business activities may also
 be regulated by the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the
 Environmental Protection Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act,
 the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and other present and
 potential future federal, state or local regulations. Violations
 of regulatory requirements at any stage may result in various
 adverse consequences, including regulatory delay in approving or
 refusal to approve a product, enforcement actions, including
 withdrawal of approval, labeling restrictions, seizure of
 products, fines, injunctions
 and/or civil
 or criminal penalties. Any product that we develop must receive
 all relevant regulatory approvals or clearances before it may be
 marketed.

Competition 

There currently is no FDA licensed and commercialized AIDS
 vaccine or competitive vaccine available in the world market.

There are several small and large biopharmaceutical companies
 pursuing AIDS vaccine research and development, including Merck,
 Chiron, American Home Products, Wyeth, Sanofi-Aventis,
 Glaxo-Smith Kline and the National Institutes of Health (NIH)
 Vaccine Research Center [VRC]. Other AIDS vaccines are in
 varying stages of research, testing and clinical trials
 including those developed by Oxford University, International
 AIDS Vaccine Initiative (IAVI), Therion, IDT, FIT Biotech,
 AlphaVax, University of North Carolina, Yale University
 Institute for Human Virology, and a few others.

To our knowledge none of our competitors products have, to
 date, demonstrated the level of protection and duration of
 protection (in large scale non-human primate trials) elicited by
 GeoVax s vaccines. Furthermore, some of the AIDS vaccines
 developed by our competitors require as many as eight or more
 vaccinations per person, which we believe will lead to patients
 failing to adhere to their vaccination schedule. Also, many
 competitor vaccine development programs require very complicated
 vaccine compositions. For all of these reasons, we believe that
 it may be possible for our vaccine to compete successfully in
 the marketplace, if it is approved for sale.

Overall, the biopharmaceutical industry is competitive and
 subject to rapid and substantial technological change..
 Developments by others may render our proposed vaccination
 technologies noncompetitive or obsolete, or we may be unable to
 keep pace with technological developments or other market
 factors. Technological competition in the industry from
 pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, universities,
 governmental entities and others diversifying into the field is
 intense and is expected to increase. Many of the pharmaceutical
 companies that compete with us have significantly greater
 research and development capabilities than we have, as well as
 substantially more marketing, manufacturing, and financial
 resources. In addition, acquisitions of, or investments in,
 small pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies by such large
 corporations could increase their research, financial,
 marketing, manufacturing and other resources. Competitor
 technologies may ultimately prove to be safer, more effective or
 less costly than any vaccine that we develop.

FDA and other regulatory approvals of our vaccines have not yet
 been obtained and we have not yet generated any revenues from
 product sales. Our future competitive position depends on our
 ability to obtain FDA and other regulatory approvals of our
 vaccines and to license or sell the vaccines to third parties on
 favorable terms.

Intellectual
 Property 

We will be able to protect our proprietary rights from
 unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that our
 proprietary rights are described by valid and enforceable
 patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets.
 Accordingly, we are pursuing and will continue to pursue patent
 protection for our proprietary technologies developed through
 our collaboration between Emory University, the NIH, and the
 CDC, or developed by us alone. Patent applications have been
 filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and in
 specific international markets (countries). Patent applications
 include provisions to cover our DNA and MVA based AIDS vaccines,
 their genetic inserts expressing multiple HIV protein
 components, composition, structure, claim of immunization
 against multiple subtypes of HIV, routes of administration,
 safety and other

10

Table of Contents 

related factors. Patent claims filed for our vaccines include
 provisions for protection against two diseases: HIV/AIDS and
 smallpox.

We are the exclusive, worldwide licensee of several patents and
 other technologies (the Emory Technology owned or
 otherwise controlled by Emory University Emory pursuant to a License Agreement originally entered into on
 August 23, 2002 and restated on June 23, 2004 (the
 License Agreement ). The License Agreement expires on
 the expiration date of the last to expire of the patents
 licensed thereunder. Currently several of these patents are
 approved, but not issued by the Patent and Trademark Office
 PTO ), with several patents pending in other
 countries, thus until such patents are issued, we will not know
 the final termination date of the License Agreement.

We may not use the Emory Technology for any purpose other than
 the purposes permitted by the License Agreement, allow any
 person to access or use the Emory Technology, or advertise,
 market, sell or distribute the Emory Technology. Emory also
 reserved the right to use the Emory Technology for research,
 educational and non-commercial clinical purposes. Due to the use
 of federal funds in the development of the Emory Technology, the
 United States Government has the irrevocable, royalty-free,
 paid-up 
 right to practice and have practiced certain patents throughout
 the world, should it choose to exercise such rights.

We are also the exclusive licensee of five patents from MFD,
 Inc. (the MFD Patents pursuant to a license
 agreement dated December 26, 2004 (the MFD License
 Agreement ), related to certain manufacturing processes
 used in the production of our vaccines. Pursuant to the MFD
 License Agreement, we obtained a fully paid, worldwide,
 irrevocable, exclusive license in and to the MFD Patents to use,
 market, offer for sale, sell, lease and import for any AIDS and
 smallpox vaccine made with GeoVax technology and non-exclusive
 rights for other products. The term of the MFD License Agreement
 ends on the expiration date of the last to expire of the MFD
 Patents. These patents expire in 2017 through 2019.

We are also a non-exclusive licensee of four patents owned by
 the NIH related to the ability of our MVA vector vaccine as a
 vehicle to deliver HIV virus antigens, and also to induce an
 immune response in humans. These are key licensed patents for
 the use of MVA as a method for delivering our HIV-1 antigens as
 an AIDS vaccine. The license agreement with NIH (the NIH
 License Agreement was entered into on July 10, 2003
 and subsequently amended on April 7, 2004. Pursuant to the
 NIH License Agreement, we licensed the patent rights and certain
 materials for the purpose of laboratory experiments conducted to
 evaluate the suitability for commercial development of the
 patent rights and materials. The NIH License Agreement is
 expected to continue on an annual renewable basis.

In addition to patent protection, we also attempt to protect our
 proprietary products, processes and other information by relying
 on trade secrets and non-disclosure agreements with our
 employees, consultants and certain other persons who have access
 to such products, processes and information. Under the
 agreements, all inventions conceived by employees are our
 exclusive property. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that
 these agreements will afford significant protection against
 misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets
 and confidential information.

We cannot be certain that any of the current pending patent
 applications we have licensed, or any new patent applications we
 may file or license, will ever be issued in the United States or
 any other country. Even if issued, there can be no assurance
 that those patents will be sufficiently broad to prevent others
 from using our products or processes. Furthermore, our patents,
 as well as those we have licensed or may license in the future,
 may be held invalid or unenforceable by a court, or third
 parties could obtain patents that we would need to either
 license or to design around, which we may be unable to do.
 Current and future competitors may have licensed or filed patent
 applications or received patents, and may acquire additional
 patents and proprietary rights relating to products or processes
 competitive with ours.

We are not a party to any litigation, opposition, interference,
 or other potentially adverse proceeding with regard to our
 patent positions. However, if we become involved in litigation,
 interference proceedings, oppositions or other intellectual
 property proceedings, for example as a result of an alleged
 infringement, or a third-party alleging an earlier date of
 invention, we may have to spend significant amounts of money and
 time and, in the event of an adverse ruling, we could be subject
 to liability for damages, invalidation of our

11

Table of Contents 

intellectual property and injunctive relief that could prevent
 us from using technologies or developing products, any of which
 could have a significant adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operation. In addition, any
 claims relating to the infringement of third-party proprietary
 rights, or earlier date of invention, even if not meritorious,
 could result in costly litigation, lengthy governmental
 proceedings, divert management s attention and resources
 and require us to enter royalty or license agreements which are
 not advantageous if available at all.

Manufacturing 

We do not have the facilities or expertise to manufacture any of
 the clinical or commercial supplies of any of our products. To
 be successful, our products must be manufactured in commercial
 quantities in compliance with regulatory requirements and at an
 acceptable cost. To date, we have not commercialized any
 products, nor have we demonstrated that we can manufacture
 commercial quantities of our product candidates in accordance
 with regulatory requirements. If we cannot manufacture products
 in suitable quantities and in accordance with regulatory
 standards, either on our own or through contracts with third
 parties, it may delay clinical trials, regulatory approvals and
 marketing efforts for such products. Such delays could adversely
 affect our competitive position and our chances of achieving
 profitability. We cannot be sure that we can manufacture, either
 on our own or through contracts with third parties, such
 products at a cost or in quantities which are commercially
 viable.

We currently rely and intend to continue to rely on third-party
 contract manufacturers to produce vaccines needed for research
 and clinical trials. We have entered into arrangements with two
 third party manufacturers for the supply of our DNA and MVA
 vaccines for use in our planned clinical trials. These suppliers
 operate under current Good Manufacturing Practice and guidelines
 established by the FDA and the European Medicines Agency. We
 anticipate that these suppliers will be able to provide
 sufficient vaccine supplies to complete our currently planned
 clinical trials. Various contractors are generally available in
 the United States and Europe for manufacture of vaccines for
 clinical trial evaluation, however, it may be difficult to
 replace existing contractors for certain manufacturing and
 testing activities and costs for contracted services may
 increase substantially if we switch to other contractors.

Research
 and Development 

Our expenditures for research and development activities were
 approximately 1,757,000, 666,000 and 1,641,000 during the
 years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.
 As our vaccines continue to go through the process to obtain
 regulatory approval, we expect our research and development
 costs to continue to increase significantly as even larger human
 trials proceed in the United States and foreign countries.

Employees 

As of March 10, 2008, we had ten employees. None our
 employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements and we
 believe that our employee relations are good.

Available
 Information 

Our website address is www.geovax.com. We make available on this
 website under Investors SEC Reports, 
 free of charge, our annual reports on
 Form 10-K, 
 quarterly reports on
 Form 10-Q, 
 current reports on
 Form 8-K, 
 and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably
 practicable after we electronically file or furnish such
 materials to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
 SEC ). We also make available on this website under
 the heading Investors Corporate
 Governance our Code of Ethics.

12

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. 

Risk
 Factors 

We face a number of substantial risks. Our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and stock price could be
 materially adversely affected by any of these risks. The
 following factors should be considered in connection with the
 other information contained in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K, 
 including our financial statements and the related notes.

Risks
 Related to Our Financial Results and Need for Additional
 Financing 

We
 have a history of operating losses, and we may not generate
 revenue or achieve profitability in the future. 

Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability
 depends on our ability, alone or with collaborators, to complete
 successfully the development of our product candidates, conduct
 preclinical tests and clinical trials, obtain the necessary
 regulatory approvals and manufacture and market the resulting
 products. We have had no product revenue to date. We have
 experienced operating losses since we began operations in 2001.
 As of December 31, 2007, we had an accumulated deficit of
 approximately 10.5 million. We expect to incur additional
 operating losses and expect cumulative losses to increase as our
 research and development, preclinical, clinical, manufacturing
 and marketing efforts expand.

Our
 business will require continued funding. If we do not receive
 adequate funding, we may not be able to continue our
 operations. 

To date, we have financed our operations principally through the
 private placement of equity securities and through government
 grants. We will require substantial additional financing at
 various intervals for our operations, including for clinical
 trials, for operating expenses including intellectual property
 protection and enforcement, for pursuit of regulatory approvals
 and for establishing or contracting out manufacturing, marketing
 and sales functions. There is no assurance that such additional
 funding will be available on terms acceptable to us or at all.
 If we are not able to secure the significant funding that is
 required to maintain and continue our operations at current
 levels or at levels that may be required in the future, we may
 be required to delay clinical studies, curtail operations or
 obtain funds through collaborative arrangements that may require
 us to relinquish rights to some of our products or potential
 markets.

Risks
 Related to Development and Commercialization of Product
 Candidates and Dependence on Third Parties 

Our
 products are still being developed and are unproven. These
 products may not be successful. 

In order to become profitable, we must generate revenue through
 sales of our products, however our products are in varying
 stages of development and testing. Our products have not been
 proven in human research trials and have not been approved by
 any government agency for sale. If we cannot successfully
 develop and prove our products, and if we do not develop other
 sources of revenue, we will not become profitable and at some
 point we would discontinue operations.

We
 have sold no products or generated any revenues and we do not
 anticipate any significant revenues to be generated in the
 foreseeable future. 

We have conducted pre-clinical trials and are conducting
 clinical trials and will continue to do so for several more
 years before we are able to commercialize our technology. There
 can be no assurance that we will ever generate significant
 revenues.

Whether
 we are successful will be dependent, in part, upon the
 leadership provided by our management. If we were to lose the
 services of any of these individuals, our business and
 operations may be adversely affected. 

Whether our business will be successful will be dependent, in
 part, upon the leadership provided by our officers, particularly
 our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, members of
 our Board of Directors

13

Table of Contents 

and our primary scientist, Dr. Harriet Robinson. The loss
 of the services of these individuals may have an adverse effect
 our operations.

Regulatory
 and legal uncertainties could result in significant costs or
 otherwise harm our business. 

In order to manufacture and sell our products, we must comply
 with extensive international and domestic regulation. In order
 to sell our products in the United States, approval from the FDA
 is required. The FDA approval process is expensive and
 time-consuming. We cannot predict whether our products will be
 approved by the FDA. Even if they are approved, we cannot
 predict the time frame for approval. Foreign regulatory
 requirements differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may,
 in some cases, be more stringent or difficult to obtain than FDA
 approval. As with the FDA, we cannot predict if or when we may
 obtain these regulatory approvals. If we cannot demonstrate that
 our products can be used safely and successfully in a broad
 segment of the patient population on a long-term basis, our
 products would likely be denied approval by the FDA and the
 regulatory agencies of foreign governments.

We
 will face intense competition and rapid technological change
 that could result in products that are superior to the products
 we will be commercializing or developing. 

The market for vaccines that protect against HIV/AIDS is
 intensely competitive and is subject to rapid and significant
 technological change. We will have numerous competitors in the
 United States and abroad, including, among others, large
 companies with substantially greater resources than us. These
 competitors may develop technologies and products that are more
 effective or less costly than any of our future products or that
 could render our products obsolete or noncompetitive. We expect
 most of these competitors to have substantially more resources
 than us. In addition, the pharmaceutical industry continues to
 experience consolidation, resulting in an increasing number of
 larger, more diversified companies than us. Among other things,
 these companies can spread their research and development costs
 over much broader revenue bases than we can and can influence
 customer and distributor buying decisions.

Our products may not gain market acceptance among physicians,
 patients, healthcare payors and the medical community.
 Significant factors in determining whether we will be able to
 compete successfully include:

the efficacy and safety of our vaccines;

the time and scope of regulatory approval;

reimbursement coverage from insurance companies and others;

the price and cost-effectiveness of our products; and

patent protection.

Our
 product candidates are based on new technology and,
 consequently, are inherently risky. Concerns about the safety
 and efficacy of our products could limit our future
 success. 

We are subject to the risks of failure inherent in the
 development of product candidates based on new technologies.
 These risks include the possibility that the products we create
 will not be effective, that our product candidates will be
 unsafe or otherwise fail to receive the necessary regulatory
 approvals or that our product candidates will be hard to
 manufacture on a large scale or will be uneconomical to market.

Many pharmaceutical products cause multiple potential
 complications and side effects, not all of which can be
 predicted with accuracy and many of which may vary from patient
 to patient. Long term
 follow-up 
 data may reveal additional complications associated with our
 products. The responses of potential physicians and others to
 information about complications could materially affect the
 market acceptance of our products, which in turn would
 materially harm our business.

14

Table of Contents 

Because
 we cannot predict whether or when we will obtain regulatory
 approval to commercialize our product candidates, we cannot
 predict the timing of any future revenue from these product
 candidates. 

We cannot commercialize any of our product candidates until the
 appropriate regulatory authorities have reviewed and approved
 the applications for the product candidates. The regulatory
 agencies may not complete their review processes in a timely
 manner and we may not obtain regulatory approval for any product
 candidate we or our collaborators develop. Satisfaction of
 regulatory requirements typically takes many years, if approval
 is obtained at all, is dependent upon the type, complexity and
 novelty of the product and requires the expenditure of
 substantial resources. Regulatory approval processes outside the
 United States may include all of the risks associated with the
 FDA approval process. In addition, we may experience delays or
 rejections based upon additional government regulation from
 future legislation or administrative action or changes in FDA
 policy during the period of product development, clinical trials
 and FDA regulatory review. The FDA has substantial discretion in
 the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or
 may decide that our data is insufficient for approval and
 require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. In
 addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from
 preclinical and clinical testing could delay, limit or prevent
 regulatory approval of a product candidate.

We may
 experience delays in our clinical trials that could adversely
 affect our financial results and our commercial
 prospects. 

We do not know whether planned clinical trials will begin on
 time or whether we will complete any of our clinical trials on
 schedule or at all. Product development costs will increase if
 we have delays in testing or approvals or if we need to perform
 more or larger clinical trials than planned. Significant delays
 may adversely affect our financial results and the commercial
 prospects for our products, and delay our ability to become
 profitable.

We rely heavily on the HVTN, independent clinical investigators,
 and other third party service providers for successful execution
 of our clinical trials, but do not control many aspects of their
 activities. We are responsible for ensuring that each of our
 clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the general
 investigational plan and protocols for the trial. Moreover, the
 FDA requires us to comply with standards, commonly referred to
 as Good Clinical Practices, for conducting and recording and
 reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and
 reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights,
 integrity and confidentiality of trial participants are
 protected. Our reliance on third parties that we do not control
 does not relieve us of these responsibilities and requirements.
 Third parties may not complete activities on schedule, or may
 not conduct our clinical trials in accordance with regulatory
 requirements or our stated protocols. The failure of these third
 parties to carry out their obligations could delay or prevent
 the development, approval and commercialization of our product
 candidates.

Unsuccessful
 or delayed regulatory approvals required to exploit the
 commercial potential of our products could increase our future
 development costs or impair our future sales. 

None of our products or technologies have been approved by the
 FDA for sales in the United States or in foreign countries. To
 exploit the commercial potential of our technologies, we are
 conducting and planning to conduct additional pre-clinical
 studies and clinical trials. This process is expensive and can
 require a significant amount of time. Failure can occur at any
 stage of testing, even if the results are favorable. Failure to
 adequately demonstrate safety and efficacy in clinical trials
 would prevent regulatory approval and restrict our ability to
 commercialize our technologies. Any such failure may severely
 harm our business. In addition, any approvals we obtain may not
 cover all of the clinical indications for which approval is
 sought, or may contain significant limitations in the form of
 narrow indications, warnings, precautions or contraindications
 with respect to conditions of use, or in the form of onerous
 risk management plans, restrictions on distribution, or
 post-approval study requirements.

15

Table of Contents 

State
 pharmaceutical marketing compliance and reporting requirements
 may expose us to regulatory and legal action by state
 governments or other government authorities. 

In recent years, several states, including California, Vermont,
 Maine, Minnesota, New Mexico and West Virginia, have enacted
 legislation requiring pharmaceutical companies to establish
 marketing compliance programs and file periodic reports on
 sales, marketing, pricing and other activities. Similar
 legislation is being considered in other states. Many of these
 requirements are new and uncertain, and available guidance is
 limited. Unless we are in full compliance with these laws, we
 could face enforcement action and fines and other penalties and
 could receive adverse publicity, all of which could harm our
 business.

We may
 be subject to new federal and state legislation to submit
 information on our open and completed clinical trials to public
 registries and databases. 

In 1997, a public registry of open clinical trials involving
 drugs intended to treat serious or life-threatening diseases or
 conditions was established under the Food and Drug
 Administration Modernization Act, or the FDMA, in order to
 promote public awareness of and access to these clinical trials.
 Under the FDMA, pharmaceutical manufacturers and other trial
 sponsors are required to post the general purpose of these
 trials, as well as the eligibility criteria, location and
 contact information of the trials. Since the establishment of
 this registry, there has been significant public debate focused
 on broadening the types of trials included in this or other
 registries, as well as providing for public access to clinical
 trial results. A voluntary coalition of medical journal editors
 has adopted a resolution to publish results only from those
 trials that have been registered with a no-cost, publicly
 accessible database, such as www.clinicaltrials.gov. Federal
 legislation was introduced in the fall of 2004 to expand
 www.clinicaltrials.gov and to require the inclusion of study
 results in this registry. The Pharmaceutical Research and
 Manufacturers of America has also issued voluntary principles
 for its members to make results from certain clinical studies
 publicly available and has established a website for this
 purpose. Other groups have adopted or are considering similar
 proposals for clinical trial registration and the posting of
 clinical trial results. Failure to comply with any clinical
 trial posting requirements could expose us to negative
 publicity, fines and other penalties, all of which could
 materially harm our business.

We
 will face uncertainty related to pricing and reimbursement and
 health care reform. 

In both domestic and foreign markets, sales of our products will
 depend in part on the availability of reimbursement from
 third-party payors such as government health administration
 authorities, private health insurers, health maintenance
 organizations and other health care-related organizations.
 Reimbursement by such payors is presently undergoing reform and
 there is significant uncertainty at this time how this will
 affect sales of certain pharmaceutical products.

Medicare, Medicaid and other governmental healthcare programs
 govern drug coverage and reimbursement levels in the United
 States. Federal law requires all pharmaceutical manufacturers to
 rebate a percentage of their revenue arising from
 Medicaid-reimbursed drug sales to individual states. Generic
 drug manufacturers agreements with federal and state
 governments provide that the manufacturer will remit to each
 state Medicaid agency, on a quarterly basis, 11 of the average
 manufacturer price for generic products marketed and sold under
 abbreviated new drug applications covered by the state s
 Medicaid program. For proprietary products, which are marketed
 and sold under new drug applications, manufacturers are required
 to rebate the greater of (a) 15.1 of the average
 manufacturer price or (b) the difference between the
 average manufacturer price and the lowest manufacturer price for
 products sold during a specified period.

Both the federal and state governments in the United States and
 foreign governments continue to propose and pass new
 legislation, rules and regulations designed to contain or reduce
 the cost of health care. Existing regulations that affect the
 price of pharmaceutical and other medical products may also
 change before any products are approved for marketing. Cost
 control initiatives could decrease the price that we receive for
 any product developed in the future. In addition, third-party
 payors are increasingly challenging the price and
 cost-effectiveness of medical products and services and
 litigation has been filed against a number of pharmaceutical
 companies in relation to these issues. Additionally, some
 uncertainty may exist as to the reimbursement status

16

Table of Contents 

of newly approved injectable pharmaceutical products. Our
 products may not be considered cost effective or adequate
 third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to
 maintain price levels sufficient to realize an adequate return
 on our investment.

We may
 not be successful in establishing collaborations for product
 candidates we may seek to commercialize, which could adversely
 affect our ability to discover, develop and commercialize
 products. 

We expect to seek collaborations for the development and
 commercialization of product candidates in the future. The
 timing and terms of any collaboration will depend on the
 evaluation by prospective collaborators of the trial results and
 other aspects of our vaccine s safety and efficacy profile.
 If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable collaborators
 for any product candidate, we would be forced to fund the entire
 development and commercialization of such product candidates,
 and we may not have the resources to do so. If resource
 constraints require us to enter into a collaboration early in
 the development of a product candidate, we may be forced to
 accept a more limited share of any revenues this product may
 eventually generate. We face significant competition in seeking
 appropriate collaborators. Moreover, these collaboration
 arrangements are complex and time-consuming to negotiate and
 document. We may not be successful in our efforts to establish
 collaborations or other alternative arrangements for any product
 candidate. Even if we are successful in establishing
 collaborations, we may not be able to ensure fulfillment by
 collaborators of their obligations or our expectations.

We may
 be required to defend lawsuits or pay damages for product
 liability claims. 

Product liability is a major risk in testing and marketing
 biotechnology and pharmaceutical products. We may face
 substantial product liability exposure in human clinical trials
 and for products that we sell after regulatory approval. We
 carry product liability insurance and we expect to continue such
 policies. Product liability claims, regardless of their merits,
 could exceed policy limits, divert management s attention,
 and adversely affect our reputation and the demand for our
 products.

Risks
 Related to Our Intellectual Property 

Other
 companies may claim that we infringe their intellectual property
 or proprietary rights, which could cause us to incur significant
 expenses or prevent us from selling products. 

Our success will depend in part on our ability to operate
 without infringing the patents and proprietary rights of third
 parties. The manufacture, use and sale of new products have been
 subject to substantial patent rights litigation in the
 pharmaceutical industry. These lawsuits generally relate to the
 validity and infringement of patents or proprietary rights of
 third parties. Infringement litigation is prevalent with respect
 to generic versions of products for which the patent covering
 the brand name product is expiring, particularly since many
 companies which market generic products focus their development
 efforts on products with expiring patents. Other pharmaceutical
 companies, biotechnology companies, universities and research
 institutions may have filed patent applications or may have been
 granted patents that cover aspects of our products or our
 licensors products, product candidates or other
 technologies.

Future or existing patents issued to third parties may contain
 patent claims that conflict with our products. We expect to be
 subject to infringement claims from time to time in the ordinary
 course of business, and third parties could assert infringement
 claims against us in the future with respect to our current
 products or with respect to products that we may develop or
 license. Litigation or interference proceedings could force us
 to:

stop or delay selling, manufacturing or using products that
 incorporate or are made using the challenged intellectual
 property;

pay damages; or

enter into licensing or royalty agreements that may not be
 available on acceptable terms, if at all.

17

Table of Contents 

Any litigation or interference proceedings, regardless of their
 outcome, would likely delay the regulatory approval process, be
 costly and require significant time and attention of our key
 management and technical personnel.

Any
 inability to protect intellectual property rights in the United
 States and foreign countries could limit our ability to
 manufacture or sell products. 

We will rely on trade secrets, unpatented proprietary know-how,
 continuing technological innovation and, in some cases, patent
 protection to preserve a competitive position. Our patents and
 licensed patent rights may be challenged, invalidated, infringed
 or circumvented, and the rights granted in those patents may not
 provide proprietary protection or competitive advantages to us.
 We and our licensors may not be able to develop patentable
 products. Even if patent claims are allowed, the claims may not
 issue, or in the event of issuance, may not be sufficient to
 protect the technology owned by or licensed to us. If patents
 containing competitive or conflicting claims are issued to third
 parties, we may be prevented from commercializing the products
 covered by such patents, or may be required to obtain or develop
 alternate technology. In addition, other parties may duplicate,
 design around or independently develop similar or alternative
 technologies.

We may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing or
 using our intellectual property, and the parties from whom we
 may license intellectual property may not be able to prevent
 third parties from infringing or using the licensed intellectual
 property. We generally will attempt to control and limit access
 to, and the distribution of, our product documentation and other
 proprietary information. Despite efforts to protect this
 proprietary information, however, unauthorized parties may
 obtain and use information that we may regard as proprietary.
 Other parties may independently develop similar know-how or may
 even obtain access to these technologies.

The laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary
 information to the same extent as the laws of the United States,
 and many companies have encountered significant problems and
 costs in protecting their proprietary information in these
 foreign countries.

The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the courts have
 not established a consistent policy regarding the breadth of
 claims allowed in pharmaceutical patents. The allowance of
 broader claims may increase the incidence and cost of patent
 interference proceedings and the risk of infringement
 litigation. On the other hand, the allowance of narrower claims
 may limit the value of our proprietary rights.

Risks
 Related to Our Common Stock 

We May
 Experience Volatility in Our Stock Price, Which May Adversely
 Affect the Trading Price of Our Common Stock. 

The market price for our common stock has been, and may continue
 to be, volatile and subject to price and volume fluctuations in
 response to market and other factors, including the following,
 some of which are beyond our control:

the increased concentration of the ownership of our shares by a
 limited number of affiliated shareholders following the Merger
 may limit interest in our securities;

variations in quarterly operating results from the expectations
 of securities analysts or investors;

announcements of technological innovations or new products or
 services by us or our competitors;

general technological, market or economic trends;

investor perception of the industry or our prospects;

investors entering into short sale contracts;

regulatory developments affecting the biopharmaceutical
 industry; and

additions or departures of key personnel.

18

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved
 Staff Comments 

None

Item 2. 

Properties 

We lease office and laboratory space located at 1256 Briarcliff
 Road, Emtech Bio Suite 500, Atlanta, Georgia under a
 month-to-month lease agreement with Emtech Biotechnology
 Development, Inc., a related party associated with Emory
 University. We also share the lease expense for office space in
 the Chicago area for one of our officers and directors, but we
 are not obligated under the lease.

Item 3 

Legal
 Proceedings 

We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings.
 We may from time to time become involved in various legal
 proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business.

Item 4. 

Submission
 of Matters to Vote of Security Holders 

No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during
 the fourth quarter of 2007.

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Shareholder
 Matters 

Market
 Information 

Our common stock is currently traded on the over-the-counter
 bulletin board market under the symbol GOVX . The
 following table sets forth the high and low bid prices for our
 common stock for the periods indicated. The prices represent
 quotations between dealers and do not include retail
 mark-up, 
 markdown, or commission, and do not necessarily represent actual
 transactions:

High 

Low 

2007

Fourth Quarter

0.22

0.16

Third Quarter

0.42

0.29

Second Quarter

0.38

0.27

First Quarter

0.66

0.19

2006

Fourth Quarter

0.68

0.18

Third Quarter

0.73

0.44

Second Quarter

0.85

0.35

First Quarter

1.23

0.28

Holders 

On March 10, 2008, there were approximately 1,400 holders
 of record of our common stock. The number of record holders does
 not reflect the number of beneficial owners of our common stock
 for whom shares are held by brokerage firms and other
 institutions.

Dividends 

We have not paid any dividends since our inception and do not
 contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future.

19

Table of Contents 

Securities
 Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
 Plans 

We have outstanding stock options under our 2006 Equity
 Incentive Plan (the Plan which was adopted by our
 board of directors and approved by our shareholders. In
 December, 2006, our Board of Directors amended the Plan to make
 an additional 15,000,000 shares available under the Plan,
 increasing the total number of shares under the Plan from
 36,000,000 to 51,000,000 shares. To maintain the
 tax-qualified status of all incentive options issued pursuant to
 the Plan, we submitted this amendment to our shareholders for
 approval at the Company s 2007 Annual Meeting of
 Shareholders. The amendment was not approved by the
 Company s shareholders. The following table sets forth
 information as of December 31, 2007, with respect to our
 equity compensation plan.

Number of Securities 

Remaining Available 

Number of Securities 

for Future Issuance 

to be Issued upon 

Weighted-Average 

Under Equity 

Exercise of 

Exercise Price of 

Compensation Plans 

Outstanding Options, 

Outstanding Options, 

(Excluding Securities 

Warrants and Rights 

Warrants and Rights 

Reflected in Column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders

36,000,000

0.11

-0-

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders

3,861,090

0.25

11,138,910

Recent
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There were no sales of unregistered securities during the period
 covered by this report that have not previously been reported on
 Form 10-Q 
 or
 Form 8-K. 

Issuer
 Purchases of Equity Securities 

We did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the
 fourth quarter of 2007.

20

Table of Contents 

Performance
 Graph 

The following line graph presentation compares cumulative total
 shareholder returns of GeoVax s Common Stock with the
 Russell 2000 Index and the RDG SmallCap Biotechnology Index (the
 Peer Index for the five-year period from
 December 31, 2002 to December 31, 2007. The graph and
 table assume that 100 was invested in each of GeoVax s
 common stock, the Russell 2000 Index and the Peer Index on
 December 31, 2002, and that all dividends were reinvested.
 This data was furnished by the Research Data Group.

COMPARISON
 OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among
 Geovax Labs Inc., The Russell 2000 Index 
 And The RDG SmallCap Biotechnology Index

100 invested on 12/31/02 in stock or index-including
 reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year
 ending December 31. 

December 31, 

2002 

2003 

2004 

2005 

2006 

2007 

GeoVax Labs, Inc. 

100.00

22.73

90.91

390.91

102.73

75.00

Russell 2000

100.00

147.25

174.24

182.18

215.64

212.26

RDG Small Cap Biotechnology

100.00

164.59

153.36

117.58

145.79

134.33

Item 6. 

Selected
 Financial Data 

The following selected financial data are derived from our
 audited consolidated financial statements. The historical
 results presented below are not necessarily indicative of the
 results to be expected for any future period. You should read
 the information set forth below in conjunction with the
 information contained in Item 7, Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations , and our consolidated financial statements and
 the related notes, beginning on
 page F-1 
 of this Report.

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

2003 

Statement of Operations Data: 

Total revenues (grant income)

237,004

852,905

670,467

714,852

992,720

Net loss

(4,241,796

(584,166

(1,611,086

(2,351,828

(947,804

Basic and diluted net loss per common share

(0.01

(0.00

(0.01

(0.01

(0.00

Balance Sheet Data: 

Total assets

3,246,404

2,396,330

1,685,218

1,870,089

2,316,623

Redeemable convertible preferred stock

1,016,555

938,475

866,391

Total stockholders equity (deficit)

2,647,866

2,203,216

(500,583

(389,497

872,406

21

Table of Contents 

Item 7. 

Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition
 and results of operations should be read together with the
 discussion under Selected Financial Data and our
 consolidated financial statements included in this Annual
 Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that
 involve risks and uncertainties because they are based on
 current expectations and relate to future events and our future
 financial performance. Our actual results may differ materially
 from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a
 result of many important factors, including those set forth
 under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual
 Report.

Overview 

GeoVax is a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on
 developing human vaccines for diseases caused by Human
 Immunodeficiency Virus and other infectious agents. We have
 exclusively licensed from Emory University certain AIDS vaccine
 technology which was developed in collaboration with the
 National Institutes of Health and the Centers for Disease
 Control and Prevention.

Our AIDS vaccine candidates have successfully completed
 preclinical efficacy testing in non-human primates and Phase I
 clinical testing trials in humans. The human trial was conducted
 by the HIV Vaccine Trials Network (HVTN), a division of the
 National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease (NIAID) of
 the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and was satisfactorily
 concluded in June 2004. A series of four additional human trials
 (conducted by the HVTN) evaluating our AIDS vaccines at several
 locations in the United States began in April 2006. One trial
 began in April 2006, a second trial began in September 2006, and
 the third and fourth trials began in July 2007.

We anticipate beginning a Phase II human clinical trial for
 our preventative AIDS vaccine candidate in 2008. The costs of
 conducting our human clinical trials to date have been borne by
 HVTN, with GeoVax incurring costs associated with manufacturing
 the clinical vaccine supplies and other study support. We expect
 that HVTN will also bear the cost of conducting our
 Phase II human clinical study planned for 2008, but we can
 not predict the level of support we will receive from HVTN for
 any additional clinical studies. Our operations are also
 partially supported by an Integrated Preclinical/Clinical AIDS
 Vaccine Development [IPCAVD] Grant from the NIH. This grant will
 provide approximately 15 million to us over a five year
 period that began in October 2007. As we progress to the later
 stages of our vaccine development activities, government
 financial support may be more difficult to obtain, or may not be
 available at all. It will, therefore, be necessary for us to
 look to other sources of funding in order to finance our
 development activities.

We anticipate incurring additional losses for several years as
 we expand our drug development and clinical programs and proceed
 into higher cost human clinical trials. Conducting clinical
 trials for our vaccine candidates in development is a lengthy,
 time-consuming and expensive process. We do not expect to
 generate product sales from our development efforts for several
 years. If we are unable to successfully develop and market
 pharmaceutical products over the next several years, our
 business, financial condition and results of operations would be
 adversely impacted.

Critical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Management s discussion and analysis of our financial
 condition and results of operations are based on our
 consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in
 accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
 United States. The preparation of these financial statements
 requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect
 the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and
 expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and
 liabilities. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its
 estimates and adjusts the estimates as necessary. We base our
 estimates on historical experience and on various other
 assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the
 circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
 judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
 that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
 may differ materially from these estimates under different
 assumptions or conditions.

22

Table of Contents 

Our significant accounting policies are summarized in
 Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. We believe
 the following critical accounting policies affect our more
 significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of
 our consolidated financial statements:

Other
 Assets 

Other assets consist principally of license agreements for the
 use of technology obtained through the issuance of the
 Company s common stock. These license agreements are
 amortized on a straight line basis over ten years.

Impairment
 of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or
 changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an
 asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be
 held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount
 of the assets to the future net cash flows expected to be
 generated by such assets. If such assets are considered to be
 impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the
 amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the
 discounted expected future net cash flows from the assets.

Revenue
 Recognition 

We recognize revenue in accordance with the SEC s Staff
 Accounting Bulletin No. 101, Revenue Recognition in
 Financial Statements, as amended by Staff Accounting
 Bulletin No. 104, Revenue Recognition,
 SAB No. 104 ). SAB No. 104
 provides guidance in applying U.S. generally accepted
 accounting principles to revenue recognition issues, and
 specifically addresses revenue recognition for upfront,
 nonrefundable fees received in connection with research
 collaboration agreements. During 2007, our revenue consisted of
 government grant revenue received directly from the National
 Institutes of Health; in prior years our revenue consisted of
 grant revenue subcontracted to us from Emory University pursuant
 to collaborative arrangements. Revenue from these arrangements
 is recorded as income as the related costs are incurred.

Stock-Based
 Compensation 

Effective January 1, 2006, we adopted Financial Accounting
 Standards Board FASB Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based
 Payments SFAS No. 123R ), which
 requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense
 for all share-based payments made to employees and directors
 based on estimated fair values on the grant date.
 SFAS No. 123R replaces SFAS No. 123,
 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation , and supersedes
 Accounting Principles Board APB Opinion
 No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees .

We adopted SFAS No. 123R using the prospective
 application method which requires us to apply the provisions of
 SFAS No. 123R prospectively to new awards and to
 awards modified, repurchased or cancelled after
 December 31, 2005. Awards granted after December 31,
 2005 are valued at fair value in accordance with the provisions
 of SFAS No. 123R and recognized on a straight line
 basis over the service periods of each award.

Prior to January 1, 2006, we accounted for stock-based
 compensation using the intrinsic value method in accordance with
 APB Opinion No. 25 and applied the disclosure provisions of
 SFAS No. 123, as amended by Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 148, Accounting for Stock-Based
 Compensation and Disclosure .

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 

At December 31, 2007, we had cash and cash equivalents of
 1,990,356 and total assets of 3,246,404, as compared to
 2,088,149 and 2,396,330, respectively, at December 31,
 2006. Working capital totaled 2,432,276 at December 31,
 2007, compared to 1,933,165 at December 31, 2006.

23

Table of Contents 

Sources and Uses of Cash. Due to our
 significant research and development expenditures, we have not
 been profitable and have generated operating losses since our
 inception in 2001. Our primary source of cash during the three
 years ended December 31, 2007 was from sales of our equity
 securities and from government grant funding received directly
 from the NIH in 2007 and subcontracted from Emory University in
 prior years.

Cash Flows from Operating Activities. Net cash
 used in operating activities was 3,265,743, 1,327,941 and
 1,807,069 for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and
 2005, respectively. The fluctuations between years are primarily
 due to fluctuations in our net losses which, in turn, result
 from fluctuations in expenditures from our research activities,
 offset by net changes in our assets and liabilities.

Cash Flows from Investing Activities. Our
 investing activities have consisted predominantly of capital
 expenditures. Capital expenditures for the years ended
 December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, were -0-, 69,466 and
 48,485, respectively.

Cash Flows from Financing Activities. Net cash
 provided by financing activities was 3,167,950, 2,212,849 and
 1,500,000 for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and
 2005, respectively. During 2007 we received 3,162,950 in net
 proceeds from the sale of our common stock in a series of
 private transactions with individual accredited investors, as
 well as 5,000 from the exercise of stock options by a former
 employee. During 2006, we received 1,712,849 in net proceeds
 (reduced by 287,151 of costs directly associated with the
 Merger) from the sale of our common stock in connection with the
 merger of GeoVax Labs, Inc. and GeoVax, Inc. Additionally,
 during 2006 and 2005 we received 500,000 and 1,500,000,
 respectively, from the payment of a stock subscription
 receivable related to the sale of our common stock in 2004.

We believe that our current working capital, combined with the
 proceeds from the newly awarded grant from the NIH will be
 sufficient to support our planned level of operations through
 the third quarter of 2008. In order to meet our current and
 future operating cash flow requirements we will consider
 additional offerings of our common stock, debt or convertible
 debt instruments. While we believe that we will be successful in
 obtaining the necessary financing to fund our operations, there
 can be no assurances that such additional funding will be
 achieved.

Our capital requirements, particularly as they relate to product
 research and development, have been and will continue to be
 significant. We intend to seek FDA approval of our products,
 which may take several years. We will not generate revenues from
 our products for at least several years, if at all. We will be
 dependent on obtaining financing from third parties in order to
 maintain our operations, including our clinical program. We
 currently have no commitments from any third parties to provide
 us with capital and we cannot provide any assurance that
 additional funding will be available to us on favorable terms,
 or at all. If we fail to obtain additional funding when needed,
 we would be forced to scale back, or terminate, our operations,
 or to seek to merge with or to be acquired by another company.

Contractual
 Obligations 

As of December 31, 2007, we had approximately 964,000 of
 unrecorded contractual commitments for production of our vaccine
 supply to be used in our clinical trials. As of that date, we
 had no other firm purchase obligations or commitments for
 capital expenditures, no committed lines of credit or other
 committed funding or long-term debt, and no lease obligations
 (operating or capital). We have employment agreements with our
 senior management team, each of which may be terminated with
 30 days advance notice. We have no other contractual
 obligations, with the exception of commitments which are
 contingent upon the occurrence of future events.

Net
 Operating Loss Carryforward 

At December 31, 2007, we had consolidated net operating
 loss carryforwards for income tax purposes of
 68.3 million, which will expire in 2010 through 2027 if
 not utilized. Approximately 59.7 million of our net
 operating loss carryforwards relate to the operations of the
 Company (Dauphin Technology, Inc.) prior to the Merger. We also
 have research and development tax credits of 254,000 available
 to reduce income taxes, if

24

Table of Contents 

any, which will expire in 2022 through 2026 if not utilized. The
 amount of net operating loss carryforwards and research tax
 credits available to reduce income taxes in any particular year
 may be limited in certain circumstances. Based on an assessment
 of all available evidence including, but not limited to, our
 limited operating history in our core business and lack of
 profitability, uncertainties of the commercial viability of our
 technology, the impact of government regulation and healthcare
 reform initiatives, and other risks normally associated with
 biotechnology companies, we have concluded that it is more
 likely than not that these net operating loss carryforwards and
 credits will not be realized and, as a result, a 100 deferred
 tax valuation allowance has been recorded against these assets.

Results
 of Operations 

Net
 Loss 

GeoVax recorded net losses of 4,241,796, 584,166 and
 1,611,086 for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and
 2005, respectively. Our operating results will typically
 fluctuate due to the timing of activities and related costs
 associated with our vaccine research and development activities.
 The 1,026,920 decrease in our net loss from 2005 to 2006 is
 attributable to a reduction in our vaccine research and
 development activities as we focused our attention on completing
 the Merger and reduced our product development activities in
 order to conserve cash resources, coupled with an increase of
 182,438 in our revenue recorded from government grants. The
 increase in our net loss from 2006 to 2007 is primarily
 attributable to (a) lower grant revenues during 2007,
 (b) increased research and development expenditures,
 (c) overall higher general and administrative costs and
 (d) stock-based compensation expense, all of which are
 described in more detail below.

Grant
 Revenue 

We recorded grant revenues of 237,004 in 2007, 852,905 in 2006
 and 670,467 in 2005. Grant revenue reported during 2006 and
 2005 relates to projects covered by grants from the National
 Institutes of Health issued to Emory University and
 subcontracted to us pursuant to collaborative arrangements with
 Emory University. The activities associated with these grants
 were completed during 2006 and we received no additional grant
 funding during the first nine months of 2007. During September
 2007, however, we were notified by the National Institutes of
 Health (NIH) that it had awarded us an Integrated
 Preclinical/Clinical AIDS Vaccine Development (IPCAVD) grant to
 support our HIV/AIDS vaccine program. The project period for
 this grant covers a five year period commencing October 2007,
 with an award of approximately 3 million per year, or
 15 million in the aggregate. We will utilize this funding
 to further our HIV/AIDS vaccine development, optimization,
 production and human clinical trial testing including Phase 2
 human clinical trials planned for 2008. Grant funding from
 federal agencies is primarily allocated to basic research
 projects; therefore, we expect the availability of federal grant
 funding to us may decline in the future as our product
 development of formulated AIDS vaccines progresses to later
 stages.

Research
 and Development 

Our research and development expenses were 1,757,125 in 2007,
 665,863 in 2006 and 1,640,814 in 2005. Research and
 development expenses vary considerably on a period-to-period
 basis, primarily depending on our need for vaccine manufacturing
 and testing of manufactured vaccine by third parties. Research
 and development expense declined from 2005 to 2006 as we focused
 our attention on completing the Merger and reduced our product
 development activities in order to conserve cash resources, but
 rose again during 2007 as we initiated two new Phase I clinical
 trials and began planning for a Phase II clinical trial in
 2008. Research and development expense for 2007 also includes
 stock-based compensation expense of 284,113 (see discussion
 below). We expect that our research and development costs will
 continue to increase in 2008 and beyond as we progress through
 the human clinical trial process leading up to possible product
 approval by the FDA. Research and development costs will also
 increase as a direct result of our receipt of the NIH grant
 discussed above, since a significant portion of the grant funds
 are intended to be spent on new projects requiring external
 resources and new personnel.

25

Table of Contents 

General
 and Administrative Expense 

Our general and administrative expenses were 2,784,182 in 2007,
 843,335 in 2006 and 655,199 in 2005. General and
 administrative expense for 2007 includes stock-based
 compensation expense of 1,234,383 (see discussion below).
 Excluding stock-based compensation expense, general and
 administrative expense for 2007 was 1,549,799. General and
 administrative costs have substantially increased during the
 three year period ending December 31, 2007 primarily as a
 result of the Company becoming a publicly-traded entity
 subsequent to the merger of GeoVax Labs, Inc and GeoVax, Inc. in
 September 2006. These higher costs include, among other things,
 the costs of an expanded management team (including the
 engagement of our Chief Financial Officer in October 2006 and
 our Senior Vice President in January 2007), a newly instituted
 investor relations program, costs associated with an expanded
 Board of Directors, costs associated with our efforts to comply
 with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and increased legal and
 accounting fees associated with compliance with securities laws.
 Also contributing to the increase during 2007 were higher patent
 costs, including the one-time payment of 137,392 to Emory
 University to complete our obligation to Emory for the
 reimbursement of pre-2002 patent costs. We expect that general
 and administrative expenses may increase during 2008, but not on
 the scale of increases experienced during the past three years.

Stock-Based
 Compensation Expense 

During 2007, we recorded total stock-based compensation expense
 of 1,518,496, which was allocated to research and development
 expense 284,113), or general and administrative expense
 1,234,380) according to the classification of cash
 compensation paid to the employee, consultant or director to
 which the stock compensation was granted. No stock-based
 compensation expense was recorded during 2006 or 2005.
 Stock-based compensation expense is calculated and recorded in
 accordance with the provisions of SFAS 123R. We adopted
 SFAS 123R using the prospective application method which
 requires us to apply its provisions prospectively to new awards
 and to awards modified, repurchased or cancelled after
 December 31, 2005. Awards granted after December 31,
 2005 are valued at fair value in accordance with the provisions
 of SFAS 123R and recognized on a straight line basis over
 the service periods of each award. We did not grant or modify
 any share-based compensation during 2006, thus no expense was
 recorded during for that year.

Other
 Income Expense 

Interest income was 62,507 in 2007, as compared to 72,127 in
 2006 and 16,073 in 2005. The variances between years are
 primarily attributable to the cash available for investment,
 which totaled 1,990,356 at December 31, 2007, 2,088,149
 at December 31, 2006 and 1,272,707 at December 31,
 2005. During 2005 we recorded 1,613 of interest expense related
 to short-term borrowings which were repaid during the year. We
 had no outstanding debt at December 31, 2007, 2006 or 2005.

Impact
 of Inflation 

For the three year period ending December 31, 2007, we do
 not believe that inflation and changing prices had a material
 impact on our operations or on our financial results.

Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements 

We have not entered into off-balance sheet financing
 arrangements, other than operating leases.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Our exposure to market risk is limited primarily to interest
 income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general
 level of United States interest rates, particularly because a
 significant portion of our investments are in short-term debt
 securities issued by the U.S. government and institutional
 money market funds. The primary objective of our investment
 activities is to preserve principal while at the same time
 maximizing the income received without significantly increasing
 risk. Due to the nature of our short-term investments, we
 believe that we are not subject to any material market risk
 exposure. We do not have any derivative financial instruments or
 foreign currency instruments.

26

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 

Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our consolidated financial statements and supplemental schedule
 and notes thereto as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and for
 each of the three years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and
 2005, together with the independent registered public accounting
 firms reports thereon, are set forth on pages F-1 to F-18
 of this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K. 

Item 9. 

Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting or Financial
 Disclosure 

There were no disagreements with our accountants on matters of
 accounting or financial disclosure, or other reportable events
 requiring disclosure under this Item 9.

Item 9A. 

Controls
 and Procedures 

Evaluation
 of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to
 ensure that financial information required to be disclosed in
 our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 amended (the Exchange Act), is recorded, processed, summarized,
 and reported within the required time periods, and that such
 information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
 Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding
 disclosure.

An evaluation was performed by our Chief Executive Officer and
 Chief Financial Officer of the effectiveness of the design and
 operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of
 December 31, 2007. Based on that evaluation, our Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded
 that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of
 December 31, 2007 to provide reasonable assurance that
 information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we
 file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
 SEC rules and forms.

Management s
 Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
 adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined
 in
 Rule 13a-15(f) 
 of the Exchange Act. Management has assessed the effectiveness
 of our internal control over financial reporting as of
 December 31, 2007 based on criteria established in Internal
 Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
 of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As a
 result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of
 December 31, 2007, our internal control over financial
 reporting was effective in providing reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
 preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 Management s assessment of the effectiveness of our
 internal control over financial reporting as of
 December 31, 2007 has been audited by Porter Keadle Moore,
 LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, as
 stated in their report which appears below.

Changes
 in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial
 reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter
 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
 materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Limitations
 on Controls 

Management does not expect that our disclosure controls and
 procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will
 prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no
 matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain
 assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
 assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no
 evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
 misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all
 control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the
 Company have been detected.

27

Table of Contents 

Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors

GeoVax Labs, Inc.

Atlanta, Georgia

We have audited GeoVax Labs, Inc. and subsidiary s (the
 Company internal control over financial reporting
 as of December 31, 2007, based on criteria established in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission (COSO). GeoVax Labs, Inc. s management is
 responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
 financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness
 of internal control over financial reporting included in the
 accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over
 Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
 on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
 financial reporting based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
 over financial reporting was maintained in all material
 respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
 internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk
 that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the
 design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
 the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other
 procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We
 believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
 opinion.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a
 process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
 internal control over financial reporting includes those
 policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
 reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
 Vompany; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
 are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
 statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company
 are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
 management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
 unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
 Company s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
 financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
 Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
 periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
 inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
 of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, GeoVax Labs, Inc. and subsidiary maintained
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of
 December 31, 2007, based on criteria established in
 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
 consolidated balance sheets of GeoVax Labs, Inc. and subsidiary
 as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the related
 consolidated statements of operations, stockholders 
 equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and our report
 dated February 15, 2008, expressed an unqualified opinion
 on those consolidated financial statements.

/S/ PORTER KEADLE MOORE LLP

Atlanta, Georgia

February 15, 2008

28

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. 

Other
 Information 

None.

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Certain information required by this Item is included in our
 definitive proxy statement for our 2008 annual meeting of
 shareholders to be filed with the SEC under the captions
 Directors and Executive Officers and Corporate
 Governance and is incorporated herein by this reference.

Code of
 Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics in
 compliance with the applicable rules of the SEC that applies to
 our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer
 and our principal accounting officer or controller, or persons
 performing similar functions. A copy of this policy is available
 on our website at www.geovax.com and is also available
 free of charge upon written request to the attention of our
 Corporate Secretary by regular mail, email to
 mreynolds@geovax.com, or facsimile at
 404-712-9357. 
 We intend to disclose any amendment to, or a waiver from, a
 provision of our code of ethics that applies to our principal
 executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
 accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar
 functions and that relates to any element of the code of ethics
 enumerated in applicable rules of the SEC. Such disclosures will
 be made on our website at www.geovax.com.

Item 11. 

Executive
 Compensation 

The information required by this Item is included in our
 definitive proxy statement for our 2008 annual meeting of
 shareholders to be filed with the SEC under the captions
 Corporate Governance and Compensation of
 Directors and Executive Officers and is incorporated
 herein by this reference.

Item 12. 

Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
 Related Shareholder Matters 

The information required by this Item regarding security
 ownership is included in our definitive proxy statement for our
 2008 annual meeting of shareholders to be filed with the SEC
 under the caption Security Ownership of Principal
 Shareholders, Directors and Officers and is incorporated
 herein by this reference.

Item 13. 

Certain
 Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director
 Independence 

The information required by this Item is included in our
 definitive proxy statement for our 2008 annual meeting of
 shareholders to be filed with the SEC under the captions
 Corporate Governance and Certain Relationships
 and Related Transactions and is incorporated herein by
 this reference.

Item 14. 

Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 

The information required by this Item with respect to principal
 accounting fees and services is included in our definitive proxy
 statement for our 2008 annual meeting of shareholders to be
 filed with the SEC under the caption Independent Public
 Accountants and is incorporated herein by this reference.

29

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) Documents filed as part of this report: 

(1) Financial Statements 

Page 

Reports
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms on Financial
 Reporting

F-2

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2007 and 2006

F-3

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31,
 2007, 2006 and 2005 and for the Period from Inception
 (June 27, 2001) to December 31, 2007

F-4

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficiency) for the
 Period from Inception (June 27, 2001) to
 December 31, 2007

F-5

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
 2007, 2006 and 2005 and for the Period from Inception
 (June 27, 2001) to December 31, 2007

F-6

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements

F-7

(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

The following financial statement schedule is set forth on
 page F-18 
 of this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K: 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
 for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005
 (unaudited)

All other financial statement schedules have been omitted
 because they are not applicable or not required or because the
 information is included elsewhere in the Consolidated Financial
 Statements or the Notes thereto.

(3) Exhibits 

See Item 15(b) below. Each management contract or
 compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed has been
 identified.

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit 

Number 

Description 

2

.1

Agreement and Plan of Merger dated January 20, 2006 by and
 among GeoVax, Inc., GeoVax Acquisition Corp. and Dauphin
 Technology, Inc.(1)

2

.2

First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger(2)

2

.3

Second Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger(3)

3

.1

Articles of Incorporation(6)

3

.2

Articles of Merger, dated September 16, 1991(3)

3

.3

Bylaws, as amended December 7, 2006(5)

10

.1 

Employment Agreement with Donald Hildebrand(3)

10

.2 

Employment Agreement with Andrew Kandalepas(5)

10

.3 

Employment Agreement with Mark Reynolds 

10

.4 

GeoVax Labs, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan(4)

10

.5

License Agreement (as amended and restated) between GeoVax, Inc.
 and Emory University, dated August 23, 2002(3)

10

.6

Technology Sale and Patent License Agreement between GeoVax,
 Inc. and MFD, Inc., dated December 26, 2004(3)

30

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 

Number 

Description 

10

.7

Equipment and Ground Sublease between GeoVax, Inc. and EmTech
 Biotechnology Development, Inc., dated December 1, 2001,
 together with amendment dated August 18, 2003(3)

10

.8

Equipment and Ground Sublease Amendment dated November 22,
 2006(5)

10

.9

Consulting Agreement and Warrant Agreement between GeoVax Labs,
 Inc. and Equinox One Consulting LLC(7)

14

.1

Code of Ethics(5)

16

.1

Letter re: change in certifying accountant(8)

21

.1

Subsidiaries of the Registrant(5)

31

.1

Certification pursuant to
 Rule 13a-14(a) 
 or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

31

.2

Certification pursuant to
 Rule 13a-14(a) 
 or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32

.1

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
 adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32

.2

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
 adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or
 arrangement 

Filed herewith 

(1) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current
 Report on Form
 8-K filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 24,
 2006. 

(2) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current
 Report on Form
 8-K filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 13,
 2006. 

(3) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current
 Report on Form
 8-K filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 4,
 2006. 

(4) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s definitive
 Information Statement (Schedule 14C) filed with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on August 18, 2006. 

(5) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Annual
 Report on Form
 10-K filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28,
 2007 

(6) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Quarterly
 Report on Form
 10-Q filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14,
 2007 

(7) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current
 Report on Form
 8-K filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 18,
 2008 

(8) 

Incorporated by reference from the registrant s Current
 Report on Form
 8-K/A filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 18,
 2006 

31

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused
 this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
 thereunto duly authorized.

GEOVAX LABS, INC. 

BY: /s/ Donald
 G. Hildebrand

Donald G. Hildebrand

President and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

Date: March 14, 2008

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, this report has been duly signed below by the following
 persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on
 the dates indicated.

Signature/Name 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Donald
 G. Hildebrand

Donald
 G. Hildebrand

Director President Chief Executive Officer
 (Principal Executive Officer)

March 14, 2008

/s/ Andrew
 J. Kandalepas

Andrew
 J. Kandalepas

Director

March 14, 2008

/s/ Dean
 G. Kollintzas

Dean
 G. Kollintzas

Director

March 14, 2008

/s/ Robert
 T. McNally

Robert
 T. McNally

Director

March 14, 2008

/s/ Mark
 W. Reynolds

Mark
 W. Reynolds

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting
 Officer)

March 14, 2008

/s/ John
 N. Spencer, Jr.

John
 N. Spencer, Jr.

Director

March 14, 2008

32

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 

Number 

Description 

10

.3

Employment Agreement with Mark Reynolds.

31

.1

Certification pursuant to
 Rule 13a-14(a) 
 or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

31

.2

Certification pursuant to
 Rule 13a-14(a) 
 or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

32

.1

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
 adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32

.2

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
 adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

33

GEOVAX
 LABS, INC. 
 (A DEVELOPMENT-STAGE ENTERPRISE) 

INDEX TO
 2007 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Reports of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firms on Financial Statements 

F-2

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
 December 31, 2007 and 2006 

F-4

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
 years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 and for the
 Period from Inception (June 27, 2001) to
 December 31, 2007 

F-5

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
 Equity (Deficiency) for the Period from Inception (June 27,
 2001) to December 31, 2007 

F-6

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
 years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 and for the
 Period from Inception (June 27, 2001) to
 December 31, 2007 

F-7

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-8

Financial Statement Schedule:

Schedule II Valuation and
 Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2007,
 2006 and 2005 (unaudited) 

F-19

F-1

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 ON FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

To the Board of Directors

GeoVax Labs, Inc.

Atlanta, Georgia

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of
 GeoVax Labs, Inc. and subsidiary (a development stage company)
 (the Company as of December 31, 2007 and 2006,
 and the related consolidated statements of operations,
 stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then
 ended, and for the period of time considered part of the
 development stage from January 1, 2006 to December 31,
 2007, except we did not audit the Company s financial
 statements for the period from June 27, 2001 to
 December 31, 2005 which were audited by other auditors,
 whose latest report dated February 8, 2006 on those
 financial statements included an explanatory paragraph
 expressing substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
 continue as a going concern. These financial statements are the
 responsibility of the Company s management. Our
 responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
 statements based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
 test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
 the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
 statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
 reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the 2006 consolidated financial statements
 referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
 financial position of GeoVax Labs, Inc. and subsidiary as of
 December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the results of their
 operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in
 conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
 United States of America.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
 prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going
 concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated
 financial statements, the Company has suffered negative cash
 flows from operations since inception. This raises substantial
 doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
 concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are
 also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not
 include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
 this uncertainty.

Our audit of the consolidated financial statements also included
 the financial statement schedule of the Company, listed in
 Item 15(a) of this
 Form 10-K. 
 This schedule is the responsibility of the Company s
 management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on
 our audit of the consolidated financial statements. In our
 opinion, the financial statement schedule, when considered in
 relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as
 a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the
 information set forth therein.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
 GeoVax Labs, Inc. and subsidiary s internal control over
 financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, based on
 criteria established in Internal Control 
 Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and our report
 dated February 15, 2008, expressed an unqualified opinion
 on the effectiveness of GeoVax Labs, Inc. s internal
 control over financial reporting.

/s/ PORTER
 KEADLE MOORE LLP 

Atlanta, Georgia

February 15, 2008

F-2

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 ON FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Board of Directors

GeoVax, Inc.

Atlanta, Georgia

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of GeoVax, Inc.
 (a Georgia corporation in the development stage) as of
 December 31, 2005 and the related statements of operations,
 stockholders deficiency and cash flows for the two years
 then ended and for the period from inception (June 27,
 2001) to December 31, 2005. These financial statements
 are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our
 responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
 statements based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the audited standards
 generally accepted in the United States of America. Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
 test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
 the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
 statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a
 reasonable basis for our opinion.

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
 assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As
 discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the
 Company s recurring losses and negative cash flows from
 operations raise substantial doubt about the Company s
 ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
 concerning these matters are also described in Note 1. The
 financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to
 the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts
 or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be
 necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going
 concern.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above
 present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
 of GeoVax, Inc. as of December 31, 2005, and the results of
 its operations and its cash flows for the two years then ended
 and for the period from inception (June 27, 2001) to
 December 31, 2005, in conformity with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America.

/s/ TRIPP,
 CHAFIN CAUSEY, LLC 

Marietta, Georgia

February 8, 2006

F-3

Table of Contents 

GEOVAX
 LABS, INC. 
 (A DEVELOPMENT-STAGE ENTERPRISE) 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2007 

2006 

ASSETS 

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

1,990,356

2,088,149

Grant funds receivable

93,260

Stock subscriptions receivable

897,450

Prepaid expenses and other

49,748

38,130

Total current assets

3,030,814

2,126,279

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of
 76,667 and 47,092 at December 31, 2007 and 2006,
 respectively

75,144

104,719

Other assets:

Licenses, net of accumulated amortization of 109,390 and
 84,504 at December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively

139,466

164,352

Deposits

980

980

Total other assets

140,446

165,332

Total assets

3,246,404

2,396,330

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

390,993

83,983

Amounts payable to Emory University (a related party)

156,225

Accrued salaries

51,320

109,131

Total current liabilities

598,538

193,114

Commitments (Note 4)

Stockholders equity:

Common stock, .001 par value, 900,000,000 shares
 authorized 731,627,926 and 711,167,943 shares outstanding
 at December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively

731,628

711,168

Additional paid-in capital

12,441,647

7,775,661

Deficit accumulated during the development stage

(10,525,409

(6,283,613

Total stockholders equity

2,647,866

2,203,216

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

3,246,404

2,396,330

See accompanying report of independent registered public
 accounting firm and notes to financial statements.

F-4

Table of Contents 

GEOVAX
 LABS. INC. 
 (A DEVELOPMENT-STAGE ENTERPRISE) 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

From Inception 

(June 27, 

2001) to 

Years Ended December 31, 

December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2007 

Grant revenue

237,004

852,905

670,467

3,648,185

Operating expenses:

Research and development

1,757,125

665,863

1,640,814

8,750,174

General and administrative

2,784,182

843,335

655,199

5,628,057

4,541,307

1,509,198

2,296,013

14,378,231

Loss from operations

(4,304,303

(656,293

(1,625,546

(10,730,046

Other income (expense)

Interest income

62,507

72,127

16,073

210,306

Interest expense

(1,613

(5,669

62,507

72,127

14,460

204,637

Net loss

(4,241,796

(584,166

(1,611,086

(10,525,409

Basic and diluted:

Loss per common share

(0.01

(0.00

(0.01

(0.03

Weighted average shares

714,102,311

414,919,141

312,789,565

368,183,870

See accompanying report of independent registered public
 accounting firm and notes to financial statements.

F-5

Table of Contents 

GEOVAX
 LABS, INC. 
 (A DEVELOPMENT-STAGE ENTERPRISE) 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY
 (DEFICIENCY) 

Deficit 

Accumulated 

Total 

Additional 

Stock 

During the 

Stockholders 

Common Stock 

Paid In 

Subscription 

Development 

Equity 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Receivable 

Stage 

(Deficiency) 

Capital contribution at inception (June 27, 2001)

10

10

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2001

(170,592

(170,592

Balance at December 31, 2001

10

(170,592

(170,582

Sale of common stock for cash

139,497,711

139,498

(139,028

470

Issuance of common stock for technology license

35,226,695

35,227

113,629

148,856

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2002

(618,137

(618,137

Balance at December 31, 2002

174,724,406

174,725

(25,389

(788,729

(639,393

Sale of common stock for cash

61,463,911

61,464

2,398,145

2,459,609

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2003

(947,804

(947,804

Balance at December 31, 2003

236,188,317

236,189

2,372,756

(1,736,533

872,412

Sale of common stock for cash and stock subscription receivable

74,130,250

74,130

2,915,789

(2,750,000

239,919

Cash payments received on stock subscription receivable

750,000

750,000

Issuance of common stock for technology license

2,470,998

2,471

97,529

100,000

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2004

(2,351,828

(2,351,828

Balance at December 31, 2004

312,789,565

312,790

5,386,074

(2,000,000

(4,088,361

(389,497

Cash payments received on stock subscription receivable

1,500,000

1,500,000

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2005

(1,611,086

(1,611,086

Balance at December 31, 2005

312,789,565

312,790

5,386,074

(500,000

(5,699,447

(500,583

Cash payments received on stock subscription receivable

500,000

500,000

Conversion of GeoVax, Inc. preferred stock to common stock in
 connection with merger

177,542,538

177,543

897,573

1,075,116

Common shares issued to Dauphin Technology, Inc. in the merger
 on September 28, 2006

217,994,566

217,994

1,494,855

1,712,849

Issuance of common stock for cashless warrant exercise

2,841,274

2,841

(2,841

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2006

(584,166

(584,166

Balance at December 31, 2006

711,167,943

711,168

7,775,661

(6,283,613

2,203,216

Sale of common stock for cash

20,336,433

20,336

3,142,614

3,162,950

Issuance of common stock upon stock option exercise

123,550

124

4,876

5,000

Stock-based compensation expense

1,518,496

1,518,496

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2007

(4,241,796

(4,241,796

Balance at December 31, 2007

731,627,926

731,628

12,441,647

(10,525,409

2,647,866

See accompanying report of independent registered public
 accounting firm and notes to financial statements.

F-6

Table of Contents 

GEOVAX
 LABS. INC. 
 (A DEVELOPMENT-STAGE ENTERPRISE) 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

From Inception 

(June 27, 

2001) to 

Years Ended December 31, 

December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2007 

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net loss

(4,241,796

(584,166

(1,611,086

(10,525,409

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating
 activities

Depreciation and amortization

54,461

49,095

37,450

186,057

Accretion of preferred stock redemption value

58,561

78,080

346,673

Stock-based compensation expense

1,518,496

1,518,496

Changes in assets and liabilities

Prepaid expenses

(11,618

124,701

(159,648

(49,748

Grant funds receivable

(93,260

(93,260

Stock subscriptions receivable

(897,450

(897,450

Deposits

(980

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

405,424

(123,227

(335,298

598,538

Unearned grant revenue

(852,905

183,433

Total adjustments

976,053

(743,775

(195,983

1,608,326

Net cash used in operating activities

(3,265,743

(1,327,941

(1,807,069

(8,917,083

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchase of property and equipment

(69,466

(48,485

(151,811

Net cash used in investing activities

(69,466

(48,485

(151,811

Cash flows from financing activities:

Net proceeds from sale of common stock

3,162,950

2,212,849

1,500,000

10,325,807

Net proceeds from exercise of stock options

5,000

5,000

Net proceeds from sale of preferred stock

728,443

Proceeds from issuance of note payable

250,000

Repayment of note payable

(250,000

Net cash provided by financing activities

3,167,950

2,212,849

1,500,000

11,059,250

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

(97,793

815,442

(355,554

1,990,356

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

2,088,149

1,272,707

1,628,261

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

1,990,356

2,088,149

1,272,707

1,990,356

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Interest paid

1,613

5,669

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing
 activities:

In connection with the Merger discussed in Note 6, all of
 the outstanding shares of the Company s mandatory
 redeemable convertible preferred stock were converted into
 shares of common stock as of September 28, 2006.

See accompanying report of independent registered public
 accounting firm and notes to financial statements.

F-7

Table of Contents 

GEOVAX
 LABS, INC. 
 (A DEVELOPMENT-STAGE ENTERPRISE) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Years Ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 and 

Period from Inception (June 27, 2001) to
 December 31, 2007 

1. 

Description
 of Company and Nature of Business 

GeoVax Labs, Inc. GeoVax or the
 Company ), is a development stage biotechnology
 company engaged in research and development activities with a
 mission to develop, license and commercialize the manufacture
 and sale of human vaccines for diseases caused by Human
 Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) and other infectious agents. The
 Company has exclusively licensed from Emory University certain
 Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) vaccine technology
 which was developed in collaboration with the National
 Institutes of Health and the Centers for Disease Control and
 Prevention.

GeoVax was originally incorporated under the laws of Illinois as
 Dauphin Technology, Inc. Dauphin ). Until December
 2003, Dauphin marketed mobile hand-held, pen-based computers and
 broadband set-top boxes and provided private, interactive cable
 systems to the extended stay hospitality industry. The Company
 was unsuccessful and its operations were terminated in December
 2003. On September 28, 2006, Dauphin completed a merger
 (the Merger with GeoVax, Inc. which was
 incorporated on June 27, 2001 (date of
 inception ). As a result of the Merger, the
 shareholders of GeoVax, Inc. exchanged their shares of common
 stock for Dauphin common stock and GeoVax, Inc. became a
 wholly-owned subsidiary of Dauphin. In connection with the
 Merger, Dauphin changed its name to GeoVax Labs, Inc., replaced
 its officers and directors with those of GeoVax, Inc. and moved
 its offices to Atlanta, Georgia. The Company currently does not
 plan to conduct any business other than GeoVax, Inc. s
 business of developing new products for the protection from, and
 treatment of, human diseases.

The Merger was accounted for under the purchase method of
 accounting as a reverse acquisition in accordance with
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Under this
 method of accounting, Dauphin was treated as the
 acquired company and, for accounting purposes, the
 Merger was treated as the equivalent of GeoVax, Inc. issuing
 stock for the net monetary assets of Dauphin, accompanied by a
 recapitalization of GeoVax, Inc. Accordingly, comparative
 financial information for periods prior to the Merger date
 presented in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial
 statements, or in the notes herein, as well as any references to
 operations prior to that date, are those of GeoVax, Inc.

As discussed in Note 2, the Company is a development stage
 enterprise and we are devoting substantially all of our present
 efforts to research and development. We have funded our
 activities to date almost exclusively from equity financings and
 government grants. We will continue to require substantial funds
 to continue our research and development activities, including
 preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product
 candidates, and to commence sales and marketing efforts, if the
 United States Food and Drug Administration FDA or
 other regulatory approvals are obtained. The proceeds from a
 recent government grant received by us (see
 Note 9) and from recent equity offerings (see
 Note 7) will not be sufficient to fund our planned
 research and development activities through the end of 2008. In
 order to meet our current and future operating cash flow
 requirements we are considering additional offerings of our
 common stock, debt or convertible debt instruments. While we
 believe that we will be successful in obtaining the necessary
 financing to fund our operations, there can be no assurances
 that such additional funding will be achieved and that we will
 succeed in our future operations. These matters raise
 substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
 as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements have
 been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the
 realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and
 commitments in the normal course of business. The financial
 statements do not include any adjustments relating to the
 recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or
 amounts of liabilities that might be necessary should the
 Company be unable to continue in existence.

F-8

Table of Contents 

GEOVAX
 LABS, INC. 
 (A DEVELOPMENT-STAGE ENTERPRISE) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2. 

Summary
 of Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis
 of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 

As more thoroughly discussed in Note 6, the accompanying
 consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
 GeoVax, Inc. from inception together with those of GeoVax Labs,
 Inc. from September 28, 2006. All intercompany transactions
 have been eliminated in consolidation.

Development-Stage
 Enterprise 

The Company is a development stage enterprise as defined by
 Statement of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No. 7, Accounting and Reporting by Development Stage
 Enterprises . All losses accumulated since inception have
 been considered as part of the Company s development stage
 activities.

Use of
 Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
 America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
 the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
 and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may
 differ from those estimates.

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents 

We consider all highly liquid investments with a maturity of
 three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Our
 cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of bank deposits and
 high yield money market accounts. The recorded values
 approximate fair market values due to the short maturities.

Fair
 Value of Financial Instruments and Concentration of Credit
 Risk 

Financial instruments that subject us to concentration of credit
 risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents. These
 assets are maintained by reputable third party financial
 institution custodians. The carrying values reported in the
 balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents approximate fair
 values.

Property
 and Equipment 

Property and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for
 maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred,
 while additions and improvements are capitalized. Depreciation
 is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated
 useful lives of the assets which range from three to five years.
 Depreciation expense was 29,575, 24,210 and 12,563 during the
 years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

Other
 Assets 

Other assets consist principally of license agreements for the
 use of technology obtained through the issuance of the
 Company s common stock. These license agreements are
 amortized on a straight line basis over ten years. Amortization
 expense related to these agreements was 24,886 during each of
 the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005,
 respectively, and is expected to remain the same for each of the
 next five years.

F-9

Table of Contents 

GEOVAX
 LABS, INC. 
 (A DEVELOPMENT-STAGE ENTERPRISE) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Impairment
 of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or
 changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an
 asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be
 held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount
 of the assets to the future net cash flows expected to be
 generated by such assets. If such assets are considered to be
 impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the
 amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the
 discounted expected future net cash flows from the assets.

Accrued
 Liabilities 

As part of the process of preparing our financial statements, we
 estimate expenses that we believe we have incurred, but have not
 yet been billed by our third party vendors. This process
 involves identifying services and activities that have been
 performed by such vendors on our behalf and estimating the level
 to which they have been performed and the associated cost
 incurred for such service as of each balance sheet date in our
 financial statements. Examples of expenses for which we accrue
 include fees for professional services, and fess owed to
 contract manufacturers in conjunction with the manufacture of
 vaccines for our clinical trials. We make these estimates based
 upon progress of activities related to contractual obligations
 and also information received from vendors.

Restatement
 for Recapitalization 

All share amounts and per share figures in the accompanying
 consolidated financial statements and the related footnotes have
 been restated for the 2006 recapitalization discussed in
 Note 6, based on the 29.6521 exchange ratio indicated
 therein.

Net
 Loss Per Share 

Basic and diluted loss per common share are computed based on
 the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Common
 share equivalents (which may consist of options and warrants)
 are excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share
 since the effect would be antidilutive. Common share equivalents
 which could potentially dilute basic earnings per share in the
 future, and which were excluded from the computation of diluted
 loss per share, totaled 93,637,594, 56,431,032 and
 36,086,606 shares at December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005,
 respectively.

Revenue
 Recognition 

We recognize revenue in accordance with the SEC s Staff
 Accounting Bulletin No. 101, Revenue Recognition in
 Financial Statements, as amended by Staff Accounting
 Bulletin No. 104, Revenue Recognition,
 SAB No. 104 ). SAB No. 104
 provides guidance in applying U.S. generally accepted
 accounting principles to revenue recognition issues, and
 specifically addresses revenue recognition for upfront,
 nonrefundable fees received in connection with research
 collaboration agreements. During 2007, our revenue consisted of
 government grant revenue received directly from the National
 Institutes of Health (see Note 9); in prior years our
 revenue consisted of grant revenue subcontracted to us from
 Emory University pursuant to collaborative arrangements. Revenue
 from these arrangements is recorded as income as the related
 costs are incurred.

Research
 and Development and Patent Costs 

All research and development costs, including all related
 salaries, clinical trial expenses, regulatory expenses and
 facility costs are charged to expense when incurred. Our
 expenditures related to obtaining and

F-10

Table of Contents 

GEOVAX
 LABS, INC. 
 (A DEVELOPMENT-STAGE ENTERPRISE) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

protecting patents are also charged to expense when incurred,
 and are included in general and administrative expense.

Period
 to Period Comparisons 

Our operating results are expected to fluctuate for the
 foreseeable future. Therefore, period-to-period comparisons
 should not be relied upon as predictive of the results for
 future periods.

Income
 Taxes 

We account for income taxes using the liability method. Under
 this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
 for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to
 differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of
 existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
 rates in effect for the year in which temporary differences are
 expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets are
 reduced by a valuation allowance unless, in the opinion of
 management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all
 of the deferred tax assets will be realized.

Stock-Based
 Compensation 

Effective January 1, 2006, we adopted Financial Accounting
 Standards Board FASB Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based
 Payments SFAS No. 123R ), which
 requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense
 for all share-based payments made to employees and directors
 based on estimated fair values on the grant date.
 SFAS No. 123R replaces SFAS No. 123,
 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation
 SFAS No. 123 ), and supersedes
 Accounting Principles Board APB Opinion
 No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees .

We adopted SFAS No. 123R using the prospective
 application method which requires us to apply the provisions of
 SFAS No. 123R prospectively to new awards and to
 awards modified, repurchased or cancelled after
 December 31, 2005. Awards granted after December 31,
 2005 are valued at fair value in accordance with the provisions
 of SFAS No. 123R and recognized on a straight line
 basis over the service periods of each award.

Prior to January 1, 2006, we accounted for stock-based
 compensation using the intrinsic value method in accordance with
 APB Opinion No. 25 and applied the disclosure provisions of
 SFAS No. 123, as amended by Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 148, Accounting for Stock-Based
 Compensation and Disclosure . The following table illustrates
 the effect on net loss and net loss per share in 2005 had we
 applied the fair value recognition provisions of
 SFAS No. 123 to stock-based employee compensation
 arrangements.

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2005 

Net loss, as reported

(1,611,086

Deduct stock-based compensation expense determined under fair
 value method

(105,955

Pro forma net loss

(1,717,041

Net loss per share (basic and diluted):

As reported

(0.01

Pro forma

(0.01

See Note 7 for additional stock-based compensation
 information.

F-11

Table of Contents 

GEOVAX
 LABS, INC. 
 (A DEVELOPMENT-STAGE ENTERPRISE) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

New
 Accounting Pronouncements 

In June 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes an
 interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109
 FIN No. 48 ), which seeks to reduce
 the diversity in practice associated with the accounting and
 reporting for uncertainty in income tax positions. This
 Interpretation prescribes a comprehensive model for the
 financial statement recognition, measurement, presentation and
 disclosure of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be
 taken in an income tax return. FIN No. 48 presents a
 two-step process for evaluating a tax position. The first step
 is to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax
 position will be sustained upon examination, based on the
 technical merits of the position. The second step is to measure
 the benefit to be recorded from tax positions that meet the
 more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, by determining the
 largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than
 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate
 settlement, and recognizing that amount in the financial
 statements. FIN No. 48 is effective for fiscal years
 beginning after December 15, 2006. We adopted
 FIN No. 48 effective January 1, 2007; such
 adoption did not have a material impact on our results of
 operations, financial position, or cash flows.

In September 2006, the FASB issued Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 157, Fair Value Measurements
 SFAS No. 157 ), which provides
 enhanced guidance for using fair value to measure assets and
 liabilities. SFAS No. 157 provides a common definition
 of fair value and establishes a framework to make the
 measurement of fair value under generally accepted accounting
 principles more consistent and comparable.
 SFAS No. 157 also requires expanded disclosures to
 provide information about the extent to which fair value is used
 to measure assets and liabilities, the methods and assumptions
 used to measure fair value, and the effect of fair value
 measures on earnings. We adopted SFAS No. 157
 effective January 1, 2008. We do not expect the adoption of
 SFAS No. 157 will have a material impact on our
 results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.

In February 2007, the FASB issued Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 159, The Fair Value
 Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities 
 SFAS No. 159 ). SFAS No. 159
 permits entities to choose to measure many financial instruments
 and certain other items at fair value that are not currently
 required to be measured at fair value. We adopted
 SFAS No. 159 effective January 1, 2008. We do not
 expect the adoption of SFAS No. 159 to have a material
 impact on our results of operations, financial position, or cash
 flows.

In June 2007, FASB ratified the consensus reached by the
 Emerging Issues Task Force EITF on EITF Issue
 No. 07-3, 
 Accounting for Nonrefundable Advance Payments for Goods or
 Services to Be Used in Future Research and Development
 Activities EITF
 No. 07-3 ). 
 EITF
 No. 07-3 
 addresses the diversity that exists with respect to the
 accounting for the non-refundable portion of a payment made by a
 research and development entity for future research and
 development activities. Under EITF
 No. 07-3, 
 an entity would defer and capitalize non-refundable advance
 payments made for research and development activities until the
 related goods are delivered or the related services are
 performed. We adopted EITF
 No. 07-3 
 effective January 1, 2008. We do not expect the adoption of
 EITF
 No. 07-3 
 to have a material impact on our results of operations,
 financial position, or cash flows.

We do not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet
 effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have
 a material effect on our financial statements.

3. 

License
 Agreements 

During 2002, we entered into a license agreement with Emory
 University (the Emory License ), a related party, for
 technology required in conjunction with certain products under
 development by us in exchange for 35,226,695 shares of our
 common stock valued at 148,856. The Emory License, among other

F-12

Table of Contents 

GEOVAX
 LABS, INC. 
 (A DEVELOPMENT-STAGE ENTERPRISE) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

contractual obligations, requires payments based on milestone
 achievements (as defined), royalties on our sales or on payments
 to us by our sublicensees, and payment of maintenance fees in
 the event certain milestones (as defined) are not met within the
 time periods specified in the contract. We may terminate the
 Emory License on three months written notice. In any
 event, the Emory License expires on the date of the latest
 expiration date of the underlying patents.

Pursuant to the Emory License, prior patent costs (pre-2002) are
 payable to Emory University, one half of which is due when
 capital raised subsequent to the date of the Emory License is
 equal to 5 million and the remainder is due when
 cumulative capital raised equals 12.5 million, or upon the
 earlier occurrence of the fifth anniversary of the agreement. We
 reached the first threshold of 5 million in December 2005,
 and fulfilled the first half of our payment obligation
 137,392) in January 2006. The second financing threshold has
 not been reached, but we became obligated to pay the second half
 of our payment obligation 137,392) upon reaching the five year
 anniversary of the Emory License during 2007. We made this
 payment in January 2008, and the amount is included in accrued
 liabilities on our December 31, 2007 Consolidated Balance
 Sheet and is recorded in general and administrative expense for
 2007. We are also obligated to reimburse Emory University for
 certain ongoing costs in connection with the filing, prosecution
 and maintenance of patent applications subject to the Emory
 License. The expense associated with these ongoing patent cost
 reimbursements to Emory amounted to 106,261, 98,842 and
 96,938 for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and
 2005, respectively.

We also entered into a license agreement with another entity
 during 2004 in exchange for 2,470,998 shares of our common
 stock valued at 100,000. Pursuant to this agreement, we
 obtained a fully paid, worldwide, irrevocable exclusive license
 to certain patents covering technology that may be employed by
 our products.

4. 

Commitments 

Leases 

We lease the office and laboratory space used for our operations
 in Atlanta under a lease agreement on a month-to-month basis
 from Emtech Biotechnology Development, Inc., a related party
 associated with Emory University. We also share the lease
 expense for office space in the Chicago area for one of our
 officers and directors, but we are not obligated under any lease
 agreement for such space. Rent expense totaled 56,588, 38,921
 and 27,444 for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and
 2005, respectively.

Manufacturing
 Contracts 

In June 2007, we entered into two manufacturing contracts with
 third party suppliers for the production of vaccine to be used
 in our Phase II human clinical trials planned for 2008. We
 recorded 476,963 associated with these contracts during 2007.
 At December 31, 2007, there is approximately 964,000 of
 unrecorded contractual commitments associated with these
 arrangements, for services expected to be rendered to us during
 2008.

5. 

Income
 Taxes 

At December 31, 2007, we have a consolidated federal net
 operating loss NOL carryforward of approximately
 68.3 million, available to offset against future taxable
 income which expires in varying amounts in 2010 through 2027.
 Additionally, we have approximately 254,000 in research and
 development R D tax credits that expire in
 2022 through 2026 unless utilized earlier. No income taxes have
 been paid to date.

As a result of the Merger discussed in Note 6, our NOL
 carryforward increased substantially due to the addition of
 approximately 59.7 million of historical NOL carryforwards
 for Dauphin Technology, Inc.

F-13

Table of Contents 

GEOVAX
 LABS, INC. 
 (A DEVELOPMENT-STAGE ENTERPRISE) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

However, Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code contains
 provisions that may limit our utilization of NOL and R D
 tax credit carryforwards in any given year as a result of
 significant changes in ownership interests that have occurred in
 past periods or may occur in future periods.

Deferred income taxes reflect the net effect of temporary
 differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
 liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts
 used for income tax purposes. Significant components of our
 deferred tax assets and liabilities included the following at
 December 31, 2007 and 2006:

2007 

2006 

Deferred tax assets:

Net operating loss carryforward

23,573,099

22,527,726

Research and development tax credit carryforward

254,285

254,285

Stock-based compensation expense

516,289

Other

13,600

Total deferred tax assets

24,343,673

22,795,611

Deferred tax liabilities

Depreciation

4,750

3,308

Total deferred tax liabilities

4,750

3,308

Net deferred tax assets

24,338,923

22,792,303

Valuation allowance

(24,338,923

(22,792,303

We have established a full valuation allowance equal to the
 amount of our net deferred tax assets due to uncertainties with
 respect to our ability to generate sufficient taxable income to
 realize these assets in the future.

A reconciliation of the income tax benefit on losses at the
 U.S. federal statutory rate to the reported income tax
 expense is as follows:

2007 

2006 

2005 

U.S. federal statutory rate applied to pretax loss

(1,442,211

(198,616

(547,769

Permanent differences

4,691

22,208

26,976

Research and development credits

51,863

74,636

Change in valuation allowance (excluding impact of the Merger
 discussed in Note 6)

1,437,520

124,545

446,157

Reported income tax expense

6. 

Merger
 and Recapitalization 

In January 2006, Dauphin Technology, Inc. and GeoVax, Inc.
 entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger
 Agreement ), which was consummated on September 28,
 2006. In accordance with the Merger Agreement, as amended,
 Dauphin s wholly-owned subsidiary, GeoVax Acquisition
 Corp., merged with and into GeoVax, Inc., which survived the
 merger and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dauphin (the
 Merger ). Dauphin then changed its name to GeoVax
 Labs, Inc. Following the Merger, common shareholders of GeoVax,
 Inc. and holders of GeoVax, Inc. redeemable convertible
 preferred stock received 29.6521 shares of the
 Company s common stock for each share of GeoVax, Inc.
 common or preferred stock, or a total of

F-14

Table of Contents 

GEOVAX
 LABS, INC. 
 (A DEVELOPMENT-STAGE ENTERPRISE) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

490,332,103 shares (approximately 69.2 of the
 Company s 708,326,669 shares of common stock then
 outstanding.

We accounted for the Merger under the purchase method of
 accounting as a reverse acquisition in accordance with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 for accounting and financial reporting purposes. Under this
 method of accounting, Dauphin was treated as the
 acquired company. In accordance with guidance
 applicable to these circumstances, the Merger was considered to
 be a capital transaction in substance. Accordingly, for
 accounting purposes, the Merger was treated as the equivalent of
 GeoVax, Inc. issuing stock for the net monetary assets of
 Dauphin, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net monetary
 assets of Dauphin (consisting primarily of cash) were stated at
 their fair values, essentially equivalent to historical costs,
 with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. The
 deficit accumulated during the development stage of GeoVax, Inc.
 was carried forward after the Merger. The accompanying
 consolidated financial statements reflect the operations of
 GeoVax, Inc. prior to the Merger, and of the combined companies
 subsequent to the Merger.

7. 

Stockholders 
 Equity 

Common
 Stock Transactions 

In November 2006, we issued 2,841,274 shares of our common
 stock in connection with a cashless exercise of a previously
 issued stock purchase warrant.

In January 2007, we sold 1,543,210 shares of our common
 stock to two individual accredited investors for an aggregate
 purchase price of 250,000. We also issued to the investors
 warrants to purchase an aggregate of 771,605 shares of
 common stock at a price of 0.75 per share, expiring on
 December 31, 2009.

In January 2007, we issued 123,550 shares of our common
 stock to a former employee for an aggregate purchase price of
 5,000, pursuant to the exercise of stock options.

In July 2007, we entered into a Subscription Agreement with an
 institutional investor (the Investor ), pursuant to
 which we agreed to sell shares of our common stock at a price of
 0.155 per share for an aggregate purchase price of 7,500,000.
 The transaction was to be consummated in two closings, during
 August and November. We also agreed to issue to the Investor a
 3 year stock purchase warrant to purchase shares of our
 common stock at an exercise price of 0.33 per share. In
 September 2007, the Investor advanced 300,000 to us as payment
 towards its obligation associated with the first closing, but
 defaulted on its remaining obligation. In December 2007, we
 settled with the Investor through the issuance of a pro rata
 portion of the shares (1,935,484 shares) and warrants
 (1,571,429 warrants) which would have been issued upon the first
 closing, in exchange for the 300,000 advanced to us.

In November and December 2007, we sold an aggregate of
 16,857,739 shares of our common stock to twenty-six
 individual accredited investors for an aggregate purchase price
 of 2,612,950, 897,450 of which was paid in January 2008 and is
 recorded in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet as a
 subscription receivable. We also issued to the investors
 warrants to purchase an aggregate of 26,733,470 shares of
 common stock at a price of 0.33 per share, 15,096,774 of which
 have a 5 year term, with the remainder having a four year
 term.

Stock
 Options 

In 2006 we adopted the GeoVax Labs, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive
 Plan (the 2006 Plan for the granting of qualified
 incentive stock options ISO s ), nonqualified
 stock options, restricted stock awards or restricted stock
 bonuses to employees, officers, directors, consultants and
 advisors of the Company. The exercise price for any option
 granted may not be less than fair value (110 of fair value for
 ISO s granted to certain

F-15

Table of Contents 

GEOVAX
 LABS, INC. 
 (A DEVELOPMENT-STAGE ENTERPRISE) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

employees). Prior to adoption of the 2006 Plan, stock option
 awards were subject to the GeoVax, Inc. 2002 Stock Plan and
 Incentive Plan (the 2002 Plan which has been
 discontinued. All outstanding stock options issued pursuant to
 the 2002 Plan were assumed by the 2006 Plan. Options granted
 under the plans have a maximum ten-year term and generally vest
 over four years. The Company has reserved 51,000,000 shares
 of its common stock for issuance under the 2006 Plan.

A summary of our stock option activity under the 2006 Plan as of
 December 31, 2007, and changes during the year then ended
 is presented below:

Weighted- 

Weighted- 

Average 

Average 

Remaining 

Aggregate 

Number 

Exercise 

Contractual 

Intrinsic 

of Shares 

Price 

Term (Yrs) 

Value 

Outstanding at January 1, 2007

34,431,032

0.04

Granted

11,810,000

0.31

Exercised

(123,550

0.04

Forfeited or expired

(6,256,392

0.05

Outstanding at December 31, 2007

39,861,090

0.12

4.5

3,614,019

Exercisable at December 31, 2007

31,872,249

0.08

3.4

3,583,216

Additional information concerning our stock options for the
 years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 is as follows:

2007 

2006 

2005 

Weighted average fair value of options granted during the period

0.30

0.01

Intrinsic value of options exercised during the period

22,181

Total fair value of options vested during the period

1,156,020

104,837

105,955

During 2007 and 2006 we used a Black-Scholes model for
 determining the grant date fair value of our stock option
 grants. During 2005 (prior to adoption of
 SFAS No. 123R) we used a minimum value option-pricing
 model to estimate the fair values of stock option grants. These
 models utilize certain information, such as the interest rate on
 a risk-free security with a term generally equivalent to the
 expected life of the option being valued and requires certain
 other assumptions, such as the expected amount of time an option
 will be outstanding until it is exercised or expired, to
 calculate the fair value of stock options granted. The
 significant assumptions we used in our fair value calculations
 were as follows (during 2006, we did not grant any stock
 options; therefore, fair value calculations were not required):

2007 

2006 

2005 

Weighted average risk-free interest rates

4.5

4.0

Expected dividend yield

0.0

0.0

Expected life of option

6.8 yrs

8.0 yrs

Expected volatility

135

25

Stock-based compensation expense related to the 2006 Plan was
 1,296,196, -0- and -0- during the years ended
 December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The 2007
 expense includes 242,113 associated with a 5 year
 extension of a previously issued stock option grant (which is
 accounted for as a reissuance) to our President and Chief
 Executive Officer, which was due to expire in December 2007. For
 the year ended December 31, 2007, total stock-based
 compensation expense of 1,296,196 was allocated 284,113 to
 research

F-16

Table of Contents 

GEOVAX
 LABS, INC. 
 (A DEVELOPMENT-STAGE ENTERPRISE) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

and development expense and 1,012,083 to general and
 administrative expense. As of December 31, 2007, there was
 2,450,577 of unrecognized compensation expense related to
 stock-based compensation arrangements. The unrecognized
 compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a
 weighted average remaining period of 1.9 years.

Compensatory
 Warrants 

We may, from time to time, issue stock purchase warrants to
 consultants or others in exchange for services. A summary of our
 compensatory warrant activity as of December 31, 2007, and
 changes during the year then ended is presented below:

Weighted- 

Weighted- 

Average 

Average 

Remaining 

Aggregate 

Number 

Exercise 

Contractual 

Intrinsic 

of Shares 

Price 

Term (Yrs) 

Value 

Outstanding at January 1, 2007

Granted

2,700,000

0.33

Exercised

Forfeited or expired

Outstanding at December 31, 2007

2,700,000

0.33

2.7

Exercisable at December 31, 2007

1,080,000

0.33

2.7

Additional information concerning our compensatory warrants for
 the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 is as
 follows:

Year Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Weighted average fair value of warrants granted during the period

0.25

Intrinsic value of warrants exercised during the period

Total fair value of warrants vested during the period

266,760

We use a Black-Scholes model for determining the grant date fair
 value of our compensatory warrants. The significant assumptions
 we used in our fair value calculations were as follows:

2007 

2006 

2005 

Weighted average risk-free interest rates

4.6

Expected dividend yield

0.0

Expected life of option

3 yrs

Expected volatility

113.6

Expense associate with compensatory warrants was 222,300, -0-
 and -0- during the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and
 2005, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2007,
 all of such expense was allocated to general and administrative
 expense. As of December 31, 2007, there was 444,600 of
 unrecognized compensation expense related to our compensatory
 warrant arrangements. The unrecognized compensation expense is
 expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining
 period of 0.7 years.

Investment
 Warrants 

In addition to outstanding stock options and compensatory
 warrants, as of December 31, 2007 we have a total of
 51,076,504 outstanding stock purchase warrants issued to
 investors with exercise prices ranging from

F-17

Table of Contents 

GEOVAX
 LABS, INC. 
 (A DEVELOPMENT-STAGE ENTERPRISE) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

0.07 to 0.75. Such warrants have a weighted-average exercise
 price of 0.22 and a weighted-average remaining contractual life
 of 3.2 years.

8. 

Retirement
 Plan 

We participate in a multi-employer defined contribution
 retirement plan (the 401k Plan administered by a
 third party service provider, and has contributed to the 401k
 Plan on behalf of its employees based upon a matching formula.
 During the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 our
 contributions to the 401k Plan were 6,535, 6,744 and 7,473,
 respectively.

9. 

Receipt
 of NIH Grant 

In September 2007, the National Institutes of Health (NIH)
 awarded us an Integrated Preclinical/Clinical AIDS Vaccine
 Development (IPCAVD) grant to support our HIV/AIDS vaccine
 program. The project period for the grant covers a five year
 period commencing October 2007, with an award of approximately
 3 million per year, or 15 million in the aggregate.
 We will utilize this funding to further our HIV/AIDS vaccine
 development, optimization, production and human clinical trial
 testing including Phase 2 human clinical trials planned for
 2008. We will record revenue associated with the grant as the
 related costs and expenses are incurred. During 2007, we
 recorded 237,004 of revenue associated with the grant, 93,260
 of which was received in January 2008 and is recorded as a
 receivable (Other Current Assets) at December 31, 2007 in
 the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet.

10. 

Selected
 Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) 

A summary of selected quarterly financial data for 2007 and 2006
 is as follows:

2007 Quarter Ended 

March 31 

June 30 

September 30 

December 31 

Revenue from grants

237,004

Net income (loss)

(587,281

(1,333,126

(1,165,519

(1,155,870

Net income (loss) per share

(0.00

(0.00

(0.00

(0.00

2006 Quarter Ended 

March 31 

June 30 

September 30 

December 31 

Revenue from grants

478,853

374,052

Net income (loss)

(432,856

196,163

(283,434

(64,039

Net income (loss) per share

(0.00

(0.00

(0.00

(0.00

11. 

Subsequent
 Event 

In January 2008, we entered into an agreement with a third party
 consultant for investor relations and financial consulting
 services. The agreement provides for the issuance, during 2008,
 of 500,000 shares of our common stock and a three year
 warrant to purchase a total of 2,700,000 shares of our
 common stock at an exercise price of 0.33 per share. Concurrent
 with the execution of this agreement, we terminated a prior
 agreement with the consultant, resulting in the cancellation of
 2,700,000 previously issued warrants. Neither the shares
 issuable pursuant to the agreement nor the common stock
 underlying the warrant have been registered with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission and no registration rights were granted
 to the consultant.

F-18

Table of Contents 

GEOVAX
 LABS, INC. 

SCHEDULE II 
 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and
 2005 

Additions 

Balance at 

Charged to 

Charged to 

Balance at 

Beginning 

Costs and 

Other 

End 

Description 

of Period 

Expenses 

Accounts 

Deductions 

of Period 

Reserve Deducted in the Balance Sheet

From the Asset to Which it Applies:

Allowance for Deferred Tax Assets

Year ended December 31, 2007

22,740,440

1,082,194

23,822,634

Year ended December 31, 2006

2,257,226

20,483,214

22,740,440

Year ended December 31, 2005

1,600,555

656,671

2,257,226

F-19

<EX-10.3>
 2
 g12286exv10w3.htm
 EX-10.3 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH MARK REYNOLDS

EX-10.3 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH MARK REYNOLDS 

Exhibit 10.3 

GEOVAX INC. MARK W. REYNOLDS 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED AS OF 
 01 FEBRUARY 2008 

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement by and between GeoVax, Inc. , a Georgia Corporation Company ), and MARK W. REYNOLDS Employee and with the Company, collectively, the Parties ),
is entered into and effective as of 01 February 2008 (the Effective Date ). This Agreement amends
and restates the original employment agreement between the parties dated October 1, 2006.

Employee will serve as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, of the Company. The Company and
Employee desire that Employee be employed by the Company in the above capacity under the terms of
this Agreement. Therefore, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth
herein, it is agreed:

1 . Employment; Duties . Employee is hereby employed by the Company under the terms of
this Agreement, and Employee accepts such employment. Employee shall serve as Chief Financial
Officer and Secretary, as defined above, of the Company and shall perform such duties Employees
Duties as are customary for someone in that position and duties that may be reasonably assigned
from time to time by the President and CEO and in the absence of the President/CEO, the Company s
Board of Directors (BOD). Primary duties include but are not limited to: specified corporate
functions, coordination/management/reporting of all financial affairs of the Company such as
preparing and maintaining accounting records in compliance with GAAP (monthly/quarterly/annual),
SEC 10Q and 10K filings, other SEC filings as required and other activities inclusive of business
contracts/payroll and will be requested to attend all Stockholder and Board of Directors meetings
performing such functions as financial reporting and preparation of meeting minutes/reports. It is
understood and agreed that employee shall have full visibility to all corporate agreements,
contracts and related transactions. Corporate Directors and Officers Liability Insurance (D O)
coverage will be provided.

2. Term of Agreement . The term of Employee s employment under this Agreement
commences on or about 01 February 2008 and shall end upon the termination of Employee s employment
with the Company as provided herein. The Company may terminate this Agreement upon at least 60 days
prior written notice to Employee, and such termination shall be effective on the termination date
described in such notice (or such earlier time as the Company and Employee may agree).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the termination of this Agreement shall not terminate the Company s
obligation to make any payments to Employee for services performed and expenses incurred prior to
the date of such termination, or as set forth below; and shall not terminate Employee s obligations
under Section 14, 15 and 16 below.

3. Base Salary. The Company shall pay Employee 115,000 annually, payable at
least monthly, with annual reviews. Performance and salary reviews are at the discretion of the
President/CEO and/or Board of Directors. It is understood that Employee s base pay is determined
based on Employee s part-time status and may be adjusted in the future upon the mutual agreement of
the parties.

4. Performance Reviews . Performance reviews will be conducted at least annually by
the President/CEO or designee.

5. Annual Bonus Potential . An annual fiscal year bonus will be considered and
recommended, if appropriate, by the supervisor and President/CEO and must be BOD approved. The
actual amount shall be at the discretion of the President/BOD based on Employee s and the Company s
performance and achievement.

6. Equity Stock Incentive . The Company shall consider the grant of stock options to
Employee under the Company s then current stock option plan. These options would allow employee the
right to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price per share yet to be
determined. Option grants are performance based. The options will have an expiration date and
vesting schedule which will be fixed by the Board.

7. Moving Expenses . N/A

1 

8. Temporary Living Expense . N/A

9. Travel Expenses . The Company shall reimburse Employee for usual and customary
business travel expenses reasonably incurred in the performance of Employee s Duties, based on
receipted expense reports, including 0.485 per mile for all general business use of personal auto
as previously approved. Employee will use best efforts to minimize all travel and travel expenses
and use alternative less expensive forms of travel when possible.

10. Other Business Expenses . N/A

11. Benefits . Employee will be entitled to the following benefits in line with the
company s ongoing benefits program administered through an HR employment agency (Administaff
Services Inc.) or other company selected benefits administrator. Benefit details are provided in an
information packet available from the Company.

a. Life Insurance Benefits : 50,000 in term life insurance. Additional

insurance is available through the HR agency.

b. Long-Term Disability Insurance : as provided.

c. Medical Dental Insurance N/A

d. Vacation : Three (3) weeks paid vacation.

e. Holidays : Nine (9) paid holidays.

f. Retirement Plan : a Company 401(k) Retirement Plan that allows Employee to
contribute up to 15 of salary on a pre-tax basis up to a maximum as prescribed under federal law.
Employer matching and/or profit contribution will be at the discretion of the Company and approved
annually by the Board. Company matching is currently 0.25 for each 1.00 of employee 401(k)
contribution up to a maximum. (See Plan for details eligible after six months full time
employment)

12. Termination Provision Non Voluntary 

a. With Cause . If Employee is terminated with cause, Employee s employment,
compensation and benefits will terminate immediately (unless otherwise provided by law), and
Employee shall not receive any severance payments.

b. Without Cause . If Employee is terminated without cause, Employee must be
given 30 days notice, and his salary will continue to be paid for 1 week for each full year
of service.

13. Termination Provision Voluntary . Employee may voluntarily terminate his
employment on 60 day written notice to the Company, and Employee s employment, compensation and
benefits will terminate on the effective date of termination (unless otherwise provided by law),
and Employee shall not receive any severance payments.

14. Record Keeping and Payment . Employee shall keep and file with the Company an
expense report for all business expenses for which Employee seeks reimbursement, and Employee shall
be reimbursed for such documented business expenses within thirty (30) days of submitting a request
for reimbursement.

15. Restrictive Covenants. Employee acknowledges that the restrictions contained
herein are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company,
and will not impair or infringe upon his right to work or earn a living after his employment with
the Company ends. The restrictions imposed herein shall apply during Employee s employment with
the Company and, except for the longer period specified below for the protection of Trade
Secrets , thereafter for a period of two (2) years after the termination of employment for any
reason (the Restricted Period ).

2 

a. 
 
 Trade Secrets and Confidential Information . Employee represents and warrants that:
(i) he is not subject to any agreement that would prevent him from performing Employ ee s
Duties for the Company or otherwise complying with this Agreement, and (ii) he is not subject
to or in breach of any non-disclosure agreement, including any agreement concerning trade
secrets or confidential information owned by any other party. 

Employee agrees that he will not: (i) use, disclose, or reverse engineer the Trade
Secrets or the Confidential Information (as defined below), except as authorized
by the Company; (ii) or during his employment with the Company, use, disclose, or reverse
engineer (a) any confidential information or trade secrets of any former employer or third
party, or (b) any works of authorship developed in whole or in part by him during any former
employment or for any other party, unless authorized in writing by the former employer or
third party; or (iii) upon his resignation or termination (a) retain Trade Secrets or
Confidential Information , including any copies existing in any form (including
electronic form), which are in his possession or control, or (b) destroy, delete, or alter
the Trade Secrets or Confidential Information without the Company s consent.
Notwithstanding the above, such information may be disclosed to authorized representatives
of the US government in federal grant applications and to third parties in connection with
licensing, financing and other commercial agreements, in each case to the extent the failure
to provide such information would materially prejudice the Company s ability to secure the
grant or enter into the desired commercial relationship, and provided that in each case
Employee uses his best efforts to cause the person(s) receiving such information to protect
its confidentiality and limit its use, including securing a written confidentiality
agreement where possible. 

The obligations under this subsection 15.a shall: (i) with regard to the Trade
Secrets , remain in effect as long as the information constitutes a trade secret under
applicable law, and (ii) with regard to the Confidential Information , remain in
effect during the Restricted Period. 

b. 
 
 Confidential Information means information of the Company, to the extent not
considered a Trade Secret under applicable law, that (i) relates to the business of
the Company, (ii) possesses an element of value to the Company, (iii) is not generally known
to the Company s competitors, and (iv) would damage the Company if disclosed.
 Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, (i) future business plans,
(ii) the composition, description, schematic or design of products, future products or
equipment of the Company, (iii) communication systems, audio systems, system designs and
related documentation, (iv) advertising or marketing plans, (v) information regarding
independent contractors, employees, clients and customers of the Company, and (vi)
information concerning the Company s financial structure and methods and procedures of
operation. Confidential Information shall not include any information that (i) is or becomes
generally available to the public other than as a result of an unauthorized disclosure, (ii)
has been independently developed and disclosed by others without violating this Agreement or
the legal rights of any party, or (iii) otherwise enters the public domain through lawful
means. 

c. 
 
 Trade Secrets means information of the Company, and its licensors, suppliers,
clients and customers, without regard to form, including, but not limited to, technical or
non-technical data, a formula, a pattern, a compilation, a program, a device, a method, a
technique, a drawing, a process, financial data, financial plans, product plans, or a list of
actual or potential customers or suppliers which is not commonly known by or available to the
public and which information (i) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being
generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who
can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use, and (ii) is the subject of efforts that
are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy. 

d. 
 
 Non-Solicitation of Customers and Business Partners . During the Restricted 
Period, Employee will not solicit any customer of the Company, or any for-profit or
not-for-profit enterprise in a commercial or research relationship with the Company, on his
own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity, for the purpose of providing any goods
or services competitive with the business of the Company as described in the Company s
Business Plan or thereafter (the Business ), or for the purpose of diverting the benefits of
any such relationship away from the Company. The restrictions set forth in this Section
apply only to the customers and enterprises with whom Employee had interaction (i) in an
effort to establish, maintain, and/or further a business relationship on behalf of the
Company, and (ii) which occurs 

3 

during the last year of Employee s employment with the Company (or during his employment if
employed less than a year). 

e. 
 
 Non-Recruitment of Employees. During the Restricted Period, Employee will
not, directly or indirectly, solicit, recruit or induce any employee of the Company or any
affiliate of the Company either to terminate his or her employment relationship with the
Company, or work for any other person or entity engaged in a business like the Business. 

16. Work Product . Employee s Duties may include creation of inventions in areas
directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or to a line of business that the
Company may reasonably be interested in pursuing. All Work Product (as defined below) shall
constitute work made for hire. If (i) any of the Work Product may not be considered work made for
hire, or (ii) ownership of all right, title, and interest to the legal rights in and to the Work
Product will not vest exclusively in the Company, then, without further consideration, Employee
assigns all presently-existing Work Product to the Company, and agrees to assign, and automatically
assigns, all future Work Product to the Company.

The Company will have the right to obtain and hold in its own name copyrights, patents, design
registrations, proprietary database rights, trademarks, rights of publicity, and any other
protection available in the Work Product. At the Company s request, Employee will perform, during
or after his employment with the Company, any acts to transfer, perfect and defend the Company s
ownership of the Work Product, including, but not limited to: (i) executing all documents
(including a formal assignment to the Company) necessary for filing an application or registration
for protection of the Work Product (an Application ), (ii) explaining the nature of the Work
Product to persons designated by the Company, (iii) reviewing Applications and other related
papers, or (iv) providing any other assistance reasonably required for the orderly prosecution of
Applications. Employee will provide the Company with a written description of any Work Product in
which he is involved (solely or jointly with others) and the circumstances surrounding the creation
of such Work Product.

" Work Product means (a) any data, databases, materials, documentation, computer programs,
inventions (whether or not patentable), designs, and/or works of authorship, including but not
limited to, discoveries, ideas, concepts, properties, formulas, compositions, methods, programs,
procedures, systems, techniques, products, improvements, innovations, writings, pictures, and
artistic works, and (b) any subject matter protected under patent, copyright, proprietary database,
trademark, trade secret, rights of publicity, confidential information, or other property rights,
including all worldwide rights therein, that is or was conceived, created or developed in whole or
in part by Employee while employed by the Company and that either (i) is created within the scope
of his employment, (ii) is based on, results from, or is suggested by any work performed within the
scope of his employment, (iii) is directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or
a line of business that the Company may reasonably be interested in pursuing, (iv) has been or will
be paid for by the Company, or (iv) was created or improved in whole or in part by using the
Company s time, resources, data, facilities, or equipment.

17. Arbitration .

a. 
 
 Any controversy, claim or dispute arising from, out of or relating to this Agreement, or
any breach thereof, including but not limited to any dispute concerning the scope of this
arbitration clause, claims based in tort or contract, claims for discrimination under
federal, state or local law, and/ or claims for violation of any federal, state or local law
(any such controversy, claim or dispute being referred to herein as a Claim shall be
resolved in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of
the American Arbitration Association then in effect. Such arbitration shall take place in
Atlanta, Georgia. The arbitrator s award shall be final and binding upon both parties. 

b. 
 
 A demand for arbitration shall be made within a reasonable time after the Claim has arisen.
In no event shall the demand for arbitration be made after the date when an institution of
legal and/or equitable proceedings based on such Claim would be barred by the applicable
statute of limitations. Each party to the arbitration will be entitled to be represented by
counsel and shall have the right to subpoena witnesses and documents for the arbitration
hearing. The arbitrator shall be experienced in employment arbitration and licensed to
practice law in the state of Georgia. The arbitrator shall have the authority to hear and 

4 

grant a motion to dismiss and/ or motion for summary judgment, applying the
standards governing such motions under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. 

c. 
 
 Except as otherwise awarded by the arbitrator, each
party shall pay the fees of its respective attorneys,
the expenses of its witnesses and any other expenses
connected with presenting its Claim or defense. To
the extent permitted by law, the prevailing party
shall be entitled to receive, in addition to all
other relief, payment of all expenses of litigation
and arbitration, including attorney s fees. 

d. 
 
 The parties indicate their acceptance of the foregoing arbitration requirement by
initialing below: 

/s/ DH

/s/ MR 

For the Company

Employee 

18. Miscellaneous . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties
concerning the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement supersedes any prior
communications, agreements or understandings, whether oral or written, between the Parties relating
to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except in
writing signed by both Parties. This Agreement shall be assignable to, and shall inure to the
benefit of, the Company s successors and assigns, including, without limitation, successors through
merger, consolidation, or sale of a majority of the Company s assets. Employee shall not have the
right to assign Employee s rights or obligations under this Agreement, except as permitted under
the laws of descent and distribution. The laws of the State of Georgia shall govern this Agreement.

The Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first written below.

GEOVAX, INC. 

/s/

Donald G. Hildebrand

Date:

February 1, 2008 

Donald G. Hildebrand 

President/CEO 

EMPLOYEE :

/s/

Mark W. Reynolds

Date:

February 1, 2008 

Mark W. Reynolds 

5 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 g12286exv31w1.htm
 EX-31.1 SECTION 302, CERTIFICATION OF THE PRESIDENT AND CEO

EX-31.1 SECTION 302, CERTIFICATION OF THE CEO 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
OF THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Donald Hildebrand, President and Chief Executive Officer of GeoVax Labs, Inc. certify that:

(1) 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of GeoVax Labs, Inc.; 

(2) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this annual report; 

(3) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

(4) 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

c. 

Dated: March 14, 2008

/s/ Donald Hildebrand 

Donald Hildebrand 

President Chief Executive Officer

1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 g12286exv31w2.htm
 EX-31.2 SECTION 302, CERTIFICATION OF THE CFO

EX-31.2 SECTION 302, CERTIFICATION OF THE CFO 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
OF THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Mark Reynolds, Chief Financial Officer of GeoVax Labs, Inc. certify that:

(1) 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of GeoVax Labs, Inc.; 

(2) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this annual report; 

(3) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

(4) 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

c. 

Dated: March 14, 2008

/s/ Mark Reynolds 

Mark Reynolds 

Chief Financial Officer

1 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 g12286exv32w1.htm
 EX-32.1 SECTION 906, CERTIFICATION OF THE PRESIDENT AND CEO

EX-32.1 SECTION 906, CERTIFICATION OF THE CEO 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of GeoVax Labs, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2007, I, Donald Hildebrand, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my
knowledge:

1. The annual report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. The information contained in the annual report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: March 14, 2008

/s/ Donald Hildebrand 

Donald Hildebrand 

President Chief Executive Officer

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 g12286exv32w2.htm
 EX-32.2 SECTION 906, CERTIFICATION OF THE CFO

EX-32.2 SECTION 906, CERTIFICATION OF THE CFO 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of GeoVax Labs, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2007, I, Mark W. Reynolds, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my
knowledge:

1. The annual report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. The information contained in the annual report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: March 14, 2008

/s/ Mark W. Reynolds 

Mark W. Reynolds 

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.2>

