<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20080331_10-K_edgar_data_1337826_0001193805-08-000983.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5414483</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>148345</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5232914</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5304</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193805-08-000983.hdr.sgml : 20080331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20080331170658
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193805-08-000983
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		33
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20071231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20080331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20080331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHINA ORGANIC AGRICULTURE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001337826
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRICAL WORK [1731]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52430
		FILM NUMBER:		08725857

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ERMAPAO GREEN RICE LIMITED
		STREET 2:		EAST PING FENG XIANG ZHENG FU,  QIAN GUO
		CITY:			SONGYUAN CITY, JILIN PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			131108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-441-1888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ERMAPAO GREEN RICE LIMITED
		STREET 2:		EAST PING FENG XIANG ZHENG FU,  QIAN GUO
		CITY:			SONGYUAN CITY, JILIN PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			131108

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INDUSTRIAL ELECTRIC SERVICES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050902

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 OoAT15Fo2wWPcIMUBWcjmPs8YSWbfC9Qe5qcRjuyopacQhveblWnypUnq9eInYlw
 i1ryfGECf28CIV+veeYmGQ==

 0001193805-08-000983.txt : 20080331

10-K
 1
 e603590_10k-cnoa.txt

UNITED STATES
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 Washington, D.C. 20549

 FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

|X| ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007

 or

|_| TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from ________________ to ___________________________

 Commission file number 333-129355

 China Organic Agriculture, Inc.
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 Florida 20-3505071
 State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization Identification No.)

 Jilin Province Songyuan City ErMaPao Green Rice Limited
 East Ping Feng Xiang Zheng Fu, Qian Guo District
 SongyuanCity, Jilin Province, P.R. China 131108
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

 (310) 441-9777
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered
 None

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act:

 Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered
 None

 The Company filed a Registration Statement on Form 10 to register its
Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share under Section 12(g) of the Act. That
Registration Statement has not yet become effective.

 (Title of class)

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes |_| No |X|

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes |_| No |X|

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes |_| No |X|

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K (ss. 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and
will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive
proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K |_|

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," and "smaller
reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated filer |_| Accelerated filer |_|
Non-accelerated filer |_| (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)
 Smaller reporting company |X|

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [ ] No |X|

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held
by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity
was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of
the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal
quarter. As of June 30, 2007, the aggregate market value of the common stock of
the registrant held by non-affiliates (excluding shares held by directors,
officers and others holding more than 5 of the outstanding shares of the class)
was 12,480,000 based upon a closing sale price on June 26, 2007 of 1.04 as
reported by Bloomberg Finance and approximately 12,000,000 shares held by
non-affiliates.

APPLICABLE ONLY TO REGISTRANTS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE
PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed
all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities
under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes |_| No |_|

(APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS) Indicate the number of shares
outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock, as of the
latest practicable date. As of March 28, 2008, the registrant had outstanding
51,548,776 shares of common stock.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE List hereunder the following documents if
incorporated by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II,
etc.) into which the document is incorporated: (1) Any annual report to security
holders; (2) Any proxy or information statement; and (3) Any report filed
pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) under the Securities Act of 1933.

 2

Table of Contents

PART I
Item 1. Business ................................................................ 4
Item 1A. Risk Factors ............................................................ 9
Item 2. Properties .............................................................. 16
Item 3. Legal Proceedings ....................................................... 17
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders ..................... 17
PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder
 Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities ....................... 17
Item 6. Selected Financial and Other Data ....................................... 18
Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations ..................................... 18
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ............................. 21
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on
 Accounting and Financial Disclosure ..................................... 21
Item 9A Controls and Procedures ................................................. 22
Item 9B Other Information ....................................................... 22
PART III
Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Item 11 Executive Compensation .................................................. 22
Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
 Management and Related Stockholder Matters .............................. 23
Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
 Director Independence ................................................... 26
Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services .................................. 26
PART IV
Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules .............................. 27
Signatures ................................................................................ 30

Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Information

This report contains forward-looking statements that reflect management's
current views and expectations with respect to our business, strategies, future
results and events, and financial performance. All statements made in this
report other than statements of historical fact, including statements that
address operating performance, events or developments that management expects or
anticipates will or may occur in the future, including statements related to
future reserves, cash flows, revenues, profitability, adequacy of funds from
operations, statements expressing general optimism about future operating
results and non-historical information, are forward-looking statements. In
particular, the words "believe," "expect," "intend," "anticipate," "estimate,"
"plan," "may," "will," variations of such words and similar expressions identify
forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such
statements and their absence does not mean that the statement is not
forward-looking. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements which are based on management's current expectations and projections

3

about future events, are not guarantees of future performance, and are subject
to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results, performance or
achievements could differ materially from the results expressed in, or implied
by, these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to
such differences include those discussed in this report, particularly under the
caption "Risk Factors." Except as required under the federal securities laws, we
do not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements in this
report.

 Special Note Regarding Filing Status

The Company filed a Registration Statement on Form 10 with the Securities and
Exchange Commission ("SEC") on February 13, 2008, to register its Common Stock,
 0.001 par value per share, under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the "1934 Act"). This Registration Statement has not yet been declared
effective by the SEC and the Company received a comment letter from the Staff of
the SEC with respect to a number of issues, including the disclosure contained
in the Registration Statement, filings the Company had previously made with the
SEC and the eligibility of the Company's securities for trading on the
over-the-counter bulletin board.

It is the Company's desire to continue to have its securities trade in the
United States public markets and, in that connection, to become an entity
required to file reports pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The
Company intends to respond to the comments raised by the Staff in its comment
letter referred to above and, to the extent necessary, to amend or supplement
reports previously filed with the SEC. Pending the resolution of all questions
raised by the Staff, the Company believes it is important to provide its
shareholders with the information contained herein.

The disclosure contained herein reflects, in part, the comments raised by the
Staff of the SEC in its comment letter in response to the Company's Form 10. If
it becomes necessary to do so, the Company will file an amendment to this Report
to further modify the disclosures contained herein to more fully reflect the
comments of the Staff.

 PART I
Item 1. Business.

Introduction

We, through our main subsidiary, are engaged in the business of rice production,
processing and distribution. To date, our product has been sold only within the
People's Republic of China. As used in this report, the terms "we," "our,"
"Company" and "China Organic" refer to China Organic Agriculture, Inc. and its
wholly-owned subsidiaries, and the terms "ton" and "tons" refers to metric tons,
in each case, unless otherwise stated or the context requires otherwise.

The Company's functional currency is the Renminbi, which had an average exchange
rate of 0.12557 and 0.13167 during fiscal years 2006 and 2007 respectively.

Our Corporate History

In March 2007, the Company, then known as Industrial Electric Services, Inc.
("IESI"), acquired through a reverse merger all of the shares of China Organic
Agriculture Limited ("COA"). COA is a holding company formed under the laws of
the British Virgin Islands that owns all of the issued and outstanding stock of
Jilin Songyuan City ErMaPao Green Rice Limited ("ErMaPao"). ErMaPao is an
operating company organized under the laws of China in May, 2002. Prior to the
consummation of the acquisition, the Company, formed on August 5, 2005 to
acquire all the interests of Industrial Electric Services, LLC, was an inactive
corporation with no significant assets and liabilities. In May 2007 we changed
our name to China Organic Agriculture, Inc.

4

The acquisition by the Company of COA and ErMaPao was accounted for as a reverse
acquisition. Consequently, the financial statements included herein for dates
and periods prior to the consummation of the acquisition reflect the historical
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of COA and ErMaPao and
thus the financials do not reflect the activities of IESI that occurred prior to
the reverse merger.

Operations

ErMaPao operates in Songyuan City of Jilin Province. Since its formation,
ErMaPao has been dedicated to the production of "green" and "organic" rice. In
2003, we were presented with the "Brand Name" award at the Changchun China
Agriculture Exposition. In 2004 we were awarded the gold medal at the 2004
Beijing International Agriculture Exposition. In 2004 ErMaPao received the ISO
9001:2000 international quality control management system certification.
Certification of a business as ISO 9001:2000 compliant provides that business's
customers and business partners with the assurance that it adheres to a set of
internationally recognized quality control standards, and thus, is more likely
to be able to meet expectations of quality, customer service, delivery and, as
necessary, remeditation measures within such relationships.

In June of 2006, Jilin Province granted ErMaPao the rights to use the "ErMaPao"
trademark. We have been granted land use rights extending to at least 2032 by
the Chinese Government over approximately 1,600 acres of land, upon which we
engage local farmers to farm rice. In concert with our own production, we have
engaged in mutually beneficial, collaborative contracts with family units who
supply us with rice grown on the approximately 4,660 acres to which they, in the
aggregate, have been granted land use rights. We are able to establish standards
regarding the quality of the product produced, and to ensure that our high
standards of quality are maintained. We supply the family units with seed, tools
and training. Throughout the growth cycle, the family units are provided access
to agronomists who advise them on the avoidance of common cultivation problems
and on the maximization of yield.

A "family unit" may be defined as one or more persons within a familial group
who are capable of working a given plot of land. As family units vary in size,
the amount of acreage allotted to them by the Chinese government varies. The
plots allotted to the family units with whom we contract are sized from five to
fifteen acres. We also obtain rice grown by third parties through market
channels. We have contracted with several grain depots to increase our supplies
of new rice, and hence our sales capacity. The depots acquire grain wholesale on
the open market which meets our certification standards, and we repurchase the
grain from them at fixed prices pursuant to our agreements with them.

In 2007, approximately 15 of our revenue came from sales of organic rice, and
85 of our revenues were the result of sales of green rice.

To be certified as "green" rice, rice and the methods by which it is produced
must adhere to certain standards. Specifically:

To be certified "A" grade green rice: the production quality of the environment
must comport with certain basic green food production environment quality
standards established by the Administration of Agricultural Quality,
Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine of the People's Republic of China and
there may be limited use of synthetic fertilizers and biotech production
methods.

To be certified "AA" grade green rice: the production quality and conditions
must comport with more stringent green food production environment quality
standards. During the production process, no chemical pesticides, fertilizers,
food additives, feed additives, veterinary drugs or anything known to be harmful
to the environment or human health can be used. The AA grade is obtained through
the use of organic fertilizer such as green manure, biological or physical
methods of crop plantation, soil fertilization, and pest control.

Organic rice is rice produced to the highest of the "green food production
environment quality standards."

5

Recent Developments

On February 29, 2008, we purchased the Bellisimo Vineyard, a 153-acre operating
vineyard located in Sonoma County, California, for 14,750,000. A portion of the
purchase price, 8,515,000, was paid with funds provided by a commercial US
lender which was granted a first lien on the property. The balance of the
purchase price not paid by internally-generated funds was financed with third
party debt of 6,216,000, pursuant to an agreement providing 4 interest per
annum over a 5 year term. Bellisimo Vineyard provides Merlot, Chardonnay, and
Cabernet Sauvignon grapes to wineries each year for both red and white wines.

On March 25, 2008, China Organic Agriculture, Inc. (the "Company") and a group
of six investors mutually agreed to terminate the Fixed Price Standby Equity
Distribution Agreement they had entered on May 7, 2007. No shares were sold or
distributed under the Agreement by, to or among any of the Parties, and none of
the Parties have any rights remaining under the Agreement or arising out of the
termination of the Agreement.

On December 12 2007, the Company announced that it had entered into a letter of
intent to acquire the Dalian Baoshui District Huiming Trading Limited
("Dalian"). The acquisition is pending due diligence which is not likely to be
completed until late Aprill. Dalian is engaged in grain procurement,
international and domestic trading, wholesale sales and food delivery logistic
services. Its main products include including soybeans, corn, and cereal crops,
which are major products from the Northeast part of China. Sales to consumers
are made in national regions including Liaoning Province, Jiling Province,
Heilongjiang Province, Sichuan Province, Fujian Province, Beijing, and Shanghai.

Location of Production Sites

Our rice production and processing facilities are located in the Northeast part
of China, abutting the Nen River in the Songyuan Plains, Jilin Province.

Quality Assessment and Land Evaluation

In order to grow rice permitted to be labeled "green" or "organic", our lands
and operations must comport with the regulations titled "General Administration
of Agricultural Quality, Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine of P.R.C," more
fully described in the section hereof titled "Government Regulation". We are
subject to inspection by the China Organic Food Certification Center, and must
maintain those standards in accordance with the government regulations
elaborated upon herein.

Agricultural Background of this Region

The main crop of the region in which we operate is rice. The area in which our
rice is produced is one of the few areas of China which may be considered
unpolluted for the purposes of achieving the right to claim the output is
organic agricultural produce, and it has very little industry by comparison with
the coastal areas of the country. The soil of the region is untainted and
fertile, with much of the land considered "primitive" or undeveloped. The
weather of the region is also suitable for the growing of rice.

Processing of Rice

Generally, all of our rice undergoes the following treatment before it is
offered for sale:

1) the materials are placed into a "vibration liquidation screen" which
separates the grain from chaff, stone, dirt and other harvest byproducts;
2) the materials are placed into an absorption type proportion stoner;
3) the materials are moved into a metal eliminator;

6

4) the materials are then de-hulled using a roll huller;
5) the materials are separated in a gravity unpolished rice separator;
6) the materials are sent through a sand roller rice mill and then again
through a metal eliminator;
8) the materials are sent through a grader;
9) the materials are polished, and sorted by color.

Upon completion of these steps, the rice is inspected and then packaged.

Sales and Marketing

Principal Customers

 In 2007, our revenue from large retailers and supermarkets was
approximately 37.2 million. We sell a substantial portion of our wholesale
products to a limited number of customers. Our principal customers during 2007
were:

 Percentage of
Number Customer Revenue Revenue )
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 1 Songyuan Shunda Grain and Oil Company 5,046,893 13.4
 2 Songyuan Grain and Oil Company 4,399,670 11.7
 3 Changchun Qinghai Grain and Oil Company 4,314,572 11.4
 4 Songyuan Tonda Grain and Oil Company 3,739,177 10.0
TOTAL 17,500,312 46.5
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 At December 31, 2007, amounts due from these customers totaled
approximately 2,552,068.

 This concentration of customers has the potential to make us vulnerable to
an adverse near-term impact, should one or more of these relationships be
terminated.

Principal Suppliers

 In addition to the rice we produce on the lands we control, or rice which
we are supplied via our relationships with the family units, we receive rice
from several suppliers with whom we have established supply relationships, Our
principal suppliers during 2007 were contract farmers as a group and Xinmiao
Grain Depot..

 During the 12 months ended December 31, 2007, Xinmiao Grain Depot
purchased approximately 5,000 tons of green rice grains on the Company's behalf.
This accounted for all of our purchases of green rice grain from grain depots in
2007 and represented only a small fraction of our total output. As of December
31, 2007, there are no outstanding payments to Xinmiao. The Company pays Xinmiao
in cash immediately upon completion of each transaction

 During 2006, we did not purchase any grains from any grain suppliers.

 Though we are currently purchasing grain from only one supplier, the loss
of which would not be significant to our business, we are dependent upon our
ability to maintain our relationship with this supplier and develop similar
relationships to expand our business.

7

In 2007 we underwent a significant expansion in our production capacity
through the process of creating the supply relationship described above, and by
the completion of an additional processing line.

Competition

 To date, our sales have been limited to customers within the PRC and we
expect that our sales will remain primarily domestic for the immediate future.
The markets for our products have been experiencing increased levels of demand
as China continues its recent rate of accelerated growth. As a result, the
markets for our products are highly competitive. Our marketing strategy involves
developing long term ongoing working relationships with customers based on large
multi-year agreements which foster mutually advantageous relationships.

 Our principal competitors are Jilin Yufeng Rice Limited, Jilin Fengsheng
Rice Limited, Jilin City Dongfu Rice Limited, and Daan Jixiang Rice Limited.
Jilin Yufeng and Jilin City Dongfu currently possess organic and green rice
certifications; the others have commenced the process of applying for such
certifications. Each has a production capacity comparable with ours and each is
viewed as a strong competitor in our markets.

Government Regulation

 The PRC and the various Provinces have enacted a series of laws and
regulations over the past 20 years, including those designed to improve safety
and decrease environmental degradation. The regulations titled "General
Administration of Agricultural Quality, Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine
of P.R.C." principally govern our agricultural practices. In pertinent part,
these regulations require:

 o organic food producers to operate in appropriate areas, in a
 sufficient concentration to allow for regional certification as to
 the organic nature of the product;

 o irrigation and local water must meet quality standards and be
 unpolluted, and irrigation water must be used efficiently
 (Irrigation Water Quality Standards, GB5084, and Surface Water
 Quality Standards, GB3838);

 o land not previously dedicated to organic production must have
 undergone sufficient conversion time to allow for depletion of
 banned substances and land utilizing conventional farming methods
 may not be allowed to leach or drain into the water or irrigation
 facilities of organic land;

 o Genetically modified organisms (GMOs) or derivatives may not be
 utilized; nor may chemically treated or engineered seeds, artificial
 pollination, transgenic plants or plant material be utilized;

 o genetic diversity of crops must be ensured if possible, and crop
 rotation undertaken;

 o depleted soil fertility is to be regained through the use of
 leguminous crop rotation and proper tillage of resting land;

 o composting and organic matter and manure are to be employed to
 assist in maintaining soil fertility;

 o mineral supplementation is to be undertaken only on a limited basis;

 o pest control is to be via natural or mechanical means except for
 emergency situations;

 o erosion and desertification prevention measures, including
 sustainable water use, are to be employed.

8

All of our operating activities in China have been authorized by land and
resources departments of local governments. In addition, all of our operations
are subject to and have passed government safety inspections. We also have been
granted environmental certification from the PRC Bureau of Environmental
Protection.

Employees

 As of December 31, 2007, we employed approximately 69 full-time employees.
Approximately 20 of our employees are management personnel, 50 are production
staff, and 30 are sales and procurement staff. None of our employees is
represented by a union.

Research and Development

 On November 30, 2007, the Company entered into a three year agreement with
Jilin Agricultural University. Pursuant to this agreement, we support the
University's development of an agricultural skills curriculum for its students
by supplying employment opportunities and training, and financial support for
agriculture-related research and development undertaken by the University. In
return the University provides the Company with agricultural-related technical
information and services, and management training, as well as assistance in the
development of grains and guidance on soil, cultivation and crop management.

Item 1A. Risk Factors.

 You should consider carefully each of the following business and
investment risk factors and all of the other information in this report. If any
of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the
business, financial condition or results of our operations could be materially
adversely affected. If that happens, the trading price of our shares of common
stock could decline significantly. The risk factors below contain
forward-looking statements regarding our business. Actual results could differ
materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. See "Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information."

Risks Relating to Our Business

Our revenues depend in large part on our distribution and supply relationships,
and any loss, cancellation, reduction, or interruption in these relationships
could harm our business.

 In general, we depend on our distribution partners to bring to market our
products to be sold to the Chinese public. If these relationships were to be
disrupted, sales to such customers would become difficult or significantly
reduced and thus our revenues and net income could significantly decline. Our
success will depend on our continued ability to develop and manage relationships
with significant distributors and suppliers. Any adverse change in our
relationships with our distributors and suppliers may have a material adverse
effect on our business. Although we have expanded our distribution capacity, we
expect that our customer concentration will not change significantly in the near
future. We cannot be sure that we will be able to retain our largest customers
and suppliers or that we will be able to attract additional customers and
suppliers, or that our customers and suppliers will continue to buy our products
in the same amounts as in prior years. The loss of one or more of our largest
customers or suppliers, any reduction or interruption in sales to these
customers or suppliers, our inability to successfully develop relationships with
additional customers or suppliers or future price concessions that we may have
to make could significantly harm our business.

9

Attracting and retaining key personnel is an essential element of our future
success.

 Our future success depends to a significant extent upon the continued
service of our executive officers and other key management and technical
personnel and on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate
executive and other key employees, including those in managerial, technical,
marketing and information technology support positions. Experienced management
and technical, marketing and support personnel are in demand and competition for
their talents is intense. The loss of the services of one or more of our key
employees or our failure to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations.

If we lose the services of either our chairman or our chief executive officer,
our business may suffer.

 We are dependent on Mr. Huizhi Xiao, our Chairman, and Mr. Changqing Xu,
our Chief Executive Officer. The loss of the services of either could materially
harm our business because of the cost and time necessary to recruit and train a
replacement. Such a loss would also divert management attention away from
operational issues. We do not have key-man term life insurance policy on Mr. Xu
or Mr. Xiao.

Our inability to successfully manage the growth of our business may have a
material adverse effect on our business, results or operations and financial
condition.

 We expect to experience growth in the number of employees and the scope of
our operations as a result of internal growth and acquisitions. Such activities
could result in increased responsibilities for management. Our future success
will be highly dependent upon our ability to manage successfully the expansion
of operations. Our ability to manage and support our growth effectively will be
substantially dependent on our ability to implement adequate improvements to
financial, inventory, management controls, reporting, order entry systems and
other procedures, and hire sufficient numbers of qualified financial,
accounting, administrative, and management personnel.

 Our future success depends on our ability to address potential market
opportunities and to manage expenses to match our ability to finance operations.
The need to control our expenses will place a significant strain on our
management and operational resources. If we are unable to control our expenses
effectively, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be
adversely affected.

Our management is comprised almost entirely of individuals residing in the PRC
with very limited English skills.

 Our management is comprised almost entirely of individuals born and raised
in the PRC. As a result of differences in culture, educational background and
business experiences, our management may analyze, evaluate and present business
opportunities and results of operations differently from the way they are
analyzed, evaluated and presented by management teams of public companies in
Europe and the United States. In addition, our management has very limited
skills in English. Consequently, it is possible that our management team will
emphasize or fail to emphasize aspects of our business that might customarily be
emphasized in a different manner by comparable public companies from different
geographical and political areas.

We will face many of the difficulties that companies in the early stage may
face.

 We have a relatively limited operating history as a rice producing
company, which may make it difficult for you to assess our ability to identify
merger or acquisition candidates and our growth and earnings potential.
Therefore, we may face many of the difficulties that companies in the early
stages of their development in new and evolving markets often face. We may
continue to face these difficulties in the future, some of which may be beyond
our control. If we are unable to successfully address these problems, our future
growth and earnings will be negatively affected.

10

We cannot accurately forecast our future revenues and operating results, which
may fluctuate.

 Our short operating history and the rapidly changing nature of the markets
in which we compete make it difficult to accurately forecast our revenues and
operating results. Furthermore, our revenues and operating results may fluctuate
in the future due to a number of factors, including the following:

 o the introduction of competitive products by different or new
 competitors;
 o any factor that might interrupt or otherwise reduce the conduct of
 business by our distributors,
 o reduced demand for any given product;
 o difficulty in keeping current with changing technologies;
 o increased or uneven expenses, whether related to sales and
 marketing, product development or administration;
 o interruptions or reduction in the rice production due to adverse
 weather; and
 o costs related to possible acquisitions of technology or businesses.

 Due to these factors, forecasts may not be achieved, either because
expected revenues do not occur or because they occur at lower prices or on terms
that are less favorable to us. In addition, these factors increase the chances
that our results could be lower than the expectations of investors and analysts.
If so, the market price of our stock would likely decline.

Risks Related to Doing Business in the People's Republic of China

 Our business operations take place primarily in the People's Republic of
China. Because Chinese laws, regulations and policies are changing, our Chinese
operations may face several risks summarized below.

- - Limitations on Chinese economic market reforms may discourage foreign
investment in Chinese businesses.

 The value of investments in Chinese businesses could be adversely affected
by political, economic and social uncertainties in China. The economic reforms
in China in recent years are regarded by China's central government as a way to
introduce economic market forces into China. Given the overriding desire of the
central government leadership to maintain stability in China amid rapid social
and economic changes in the country, the economic market reforms of recent years
could be slowed, or even reversed.

- - Any change in policy by the Chinese government could adversely affect
investments in Chinese businesses.

 Changes in policy could result in imposition of restrictions on currency
conversion, imports or the source of supplies, as well as new laws affecting
joint ventures and foreign-owned enterprises doing business in China. Although
China has been pursuing economic reforms, events such as a change in leadership
or social disruptions that may occur upon the proposed privatization of certain
state-owned industries could significantly affect the government's ability to
continue with its reform.

- - We face economic risks in doing business in China.

 As a developing nation, China's economy is more volatile than that of
developed Western industrial economies. It differs significantly from that of
the U.S. or a Western European country in such respects as structure, level of
development, capital reinvestment, legal recourse, resource allocation and
self-sufficiency. Only in recent years has the Chinese economy moved from what
had been a command economy through the 1970s to one that during the 1990s
encouraged substantial private economic activity. In 1993, the Constitution of
China was amended to reinforce such economic reforms. The trends of the 1990s
indicate that future policies of the Chinese government will emphasize greater
utilization of market forces. For example, in 1999 the Government announced
plans to amend the Chinese Constitution to recognize private property, although

11

private business will officially remain subordinate to state-owned companies,
which are the mainstay of the Chinese economy. However, we cannot assure you
that, under some circumstances, the government's pursuit of economic reforms
will not be restrained or curtailed. Actions by the central government of China
could have a significant adverse effect on economic conditions in the country as
a whole and on the economic prospects for our Chinese operations.

- - The Chinese legal and judicial system may negatively impact foreign investors.

 In 1982, the National Peoples Congress amended the Constitution of China
to authorize foreign investment and guarantee the "lawful rights and interests"
of foreign investors in China. However, China's system of laws is not yet
comprehensive. The legal and judicial systems in China are still under
development , and enforcement of existing laws is inconsistent. Many judges in
China lack the depth of legal training and experience that would be expected of
a judge in a more developed country. Because the Chinese judiciary is relatively
inexperienced in enforcing the laws that exist, anticipation of judicial
decision-making is more uncertain than would be expected in a more developed
country. It may be impossible to obtain swift and equitable enforcement of laws
that do exist, or to obtain enforcement of the judgment of one court by a court
of another jurisdiction. China's legal system is based on written statutes; a
decision by one judge does not set a legal precedent that is required to be
followed by judges in other cases. In addition, the interpretation of Chinese
laws may shift to reflect domestic political changes.

 The promulgation of new laws, changes to existing laws and the pre-emption
of local regulations by national laws may adversely affect foreign investors.
However, the trend of legislation over the last 20 years has significantly
enhanced the protection of foreign investment and allowed for more control by
foreign parties of their investments in Chinese enterprises. We cannot assure
you that a change in leadership, social or political disruption, or unforeseen
circumstances affecting China's political, economic or social life will not
affect the Chinese government's ability to continue to support and pursue these
reforms. Such a shift could have a material adverse effect on our business and
prospects.

 The practical effect of the People's Republic of China's legal system on
our business operations in China can be viewed from two separate but intertwined
considerations. First, as a matter of substantive law, the Foreign Invested
Enterprise laws provide significant protection from government interference. In
addition, these laws guarantee the full enjoyment of the benefits of corporate
articles and contracts to Foreign Invested Enterprise participants. These laws,
however, do impose standards concerning corporate formation and governance,
which are not qualitatively different from the general corporation laws of the
several states. Similarly, the accounting laws and regulations of the People's
Republic of China mandate accounting practices which are not consistent with
U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. China's accounting laws require
that an annual "statutory audit" be performed in accordance with People's
Republic of China's accounting standards and that the books of account of
Foreign Invested Enterprises are maintained in accordance with Chinese
accounting laws. Article 14 of the People's Republic of China Wholly
Foreign-Owned Enterprise Law requires a Wholly Foreign-Owned Enterprise to
submit certain periodic fiscal reports and statements to designated financial
and tax authorities, at the risk of business license revocation. Second, while
the enforcement of substantive rights may appear less clear than United States
procedures, Foreign Invested Enterprises and Wholly Foreign-Owned Enterprises
are Chinese registered companies, which enjoy the same status as other Chinese
registered companies in business-to-business dispute resolution. Generally, the
Articles of Association provide that all business disputes pertaining to Foreign
Invested Enterprises are to be resolved by the Arbitration Institute of the
Stockholm Chamber of Commerce in Stockholm, Sweden, applying Chinese substantive
law. Any award rendered by this arbitration tribunal is, by the express terms of
the respective Articles of Association, enforceable in accordance with the
"United Nations' Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign
Arbitral Awards (1958)." Therefore, as a practical matter, although no
assurances can be given, the Chinese legal infrastructure, while different in
operation from its United States counterpart, should not present any significant
impediment to the operation of Foreign Invested Enterprises.

 Because our principal assets are located outside of the United States and
all of our directors and executive officers reside outside of the United States,
it may be difficult for you to enforce your rights based on the United States
Federal securities laws against us and our officers and directors in the United
States or to enforce judgments of United States courts against us or them in the
People's Republic of China.

12

In addition, our operating subsidiaries and substantially all of our
assets are located outside of the United States. You will find it difficult to
enforce your legal rights based on the civil liability provisions of the United
States Federal securities laws against us in the courts of either the United
States or the People's Republic of China and, even if civil judgments are
obtained in courts of the United States, to enforce such judgments in the courts
of the People's Republic of China. In addition, it is unclear if extradition
treaties in effect between the United States and the People's Republic of China
would permit effective enforcement against us or our officers and directors of
criminal penalties, under the United States Federal securities laws or
otherwise.

- - Economic Reform Issues

 Although the Chinese government owns the majority of productive assets in
China, during the past several years the government has implemented economic
reform measures that emphasize decentralization and encourage private economic
activity. Because these economic reform measures may be inconsistent or
ineffectual, we are unable to assure you that:

 o We will be able to capitalize on economic reforms;
 o The Chinese government will continue its pursuit of economic reform
 policies;
 o The economic policies, even if pursued, will be successful;
 o Economic policies will not be significantly altered from time to
 time; and
 o Business operations in China will not become subject to the risk of
 nationalization.

 Since 1979, the Chinese government has reformed its economic systems.
Because many reforms are unprecedented or experimental, they are expected to be
refined and improved. Other political, economic and social factors, such as
political changes, changes in the rates of economic growth, unemployment or
inflation, or in the disparities in per capita wealth between regions within
China, could lead to further readjustment of the reform measures. This refining
and readjustment process may negatively affect our operations.

 Over the last few years, China's economy has registered a high growth
rate. Recently, there have been indications that rates of inflation have
increased. In response, the Chinese government recently has taken measures to
curb this excessively expansive economy. These measures have included
revaluations of the Chinese currency, the Renminbi (RMB), restrictions on the
availability of domestic credit, and limited re-centralization of the approval
process for purchases of some foreign products. These austerity measures alone
may not succeed in slowing down the economy's excessive expansion or control
inflation, and may result in severe dislocations in the Chinese economy. The
Chinese government may adopt additional measures to further combat inflation,
including the establishment of freezes or restraints on certain projects or
markets.

 To date, reforms to China's economic system have not adversely impacted
our operations and are not expected to adversely impact operations in the
foreseeable future. However, there can be no assurance that the reforms to
China's economic system will continue or that we will not be adversely affected
by changes in China's political, economic, and social conditions and by changes
in policies of the Chinese government, such as changes in laws and regulations,
measures which may be introduced to control inflation, changes in the rate or
method of taxation, imposition of additional restrictions on currency conversion
and remittance abroad, and reduction in tariff protection and other import
restrictions.

Risks Associated with Rice Production

We are subject to risks associated with our operations which may affect our
results.

 The agricultural industry in the PRC has issues that the agricultural
industry does not have within the United States. For instance:

13

o In China, insurance coverage is a relatively new concept compared to
 that of the United States and for certain aspects of a business
 operation, insurance coverage is restricted or expensive. Workers
 compensation for employees in the PRC may be unavailable or, if
 available, insufficient to adequately cover such employees.

 o The environmental laws and regulations in the PRC set various
 standards regulating certain aspects of health and environmental
 quality, including, in some cases, the obligation to rehabilitate
 current and former facilities and locations where operations are or
 were conducted. Violation of those standards could result in a
 temporary or permanent restriction by the PRC of our operations.

We cannot assure you that we will be able to adequately address any of these or
other limitations.

Our earnings and, therefore our profitability, may be affected by price
volatility.

 We anticipate that the majority of our future revenues will be derived
from the sale of rice and, as a result, our earnings are directly related to the
prices of this product. There are many factors influencing the price of rice
including expectations for inflation; global and regional demand and production;
political and economic conditions; and production costs. These factors are
beyond our control and are impossible for us to predict. As a result, price
changes may adversely affect our operating results.

Our business operations and related activities are, by their nature, subject to
PRC government regulations concerning environmental protection.

 We may have to make a significant financial commitment for compliance with
environmental regulations and the establishment of a sound environmental
protection management and monitoring system. Compliance with existing and future
environmental protection regulations may increase our operating costs and may
adversely affect our operating results.

Risks Relating to our Common Stock and our Status as a Public Company

The price of our common stock may be affected by a limited trading volume and
may fluctuate significantly.

 There has been a limited public market for our common stock and we cannot
assure you that an active trading market for our stock will develop or if
developed, will be maintained. The absence of an active trading market may
adversely affect our stockholders' ability to sell our common stock in short
time periods, or possibly at all. In addition, we cannot assure you that you
will be able to sell shares of common stock that you have purchased without
incurring a loss. The market price of our common stock may not necessarily bear
any relationship to our book value, assets, past operating results, financial
condition or any other established criteria of value, and may not be indicative
of the market price for the common stock in the future. In addition, the market
price for our common stock may be volatile depending on a number of factors,
including business performance, industry dynamics, and news announcements or
changes in general economic conditions.

We have not and do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock;
because of this the valuation of our securities could be adversely affected in
the market.

 We have paid no dividends on our common stock to date and it is not
anticipated that any dividends will be paid to holders of our common stock in
the foreseeable future. While our dividend policy will be based on the operating
results and capital needs of the business, it is anticipated that any earnings
will be retained to finance our future expansion and for the implementation of
our business plan. As an investor, you should take note of the fact that a lack
of a dividend can further affect the market value of our stock, and could
significantly affect the value of any investment in our Company.

14

Our management is not familiar with the United States securities laws.

 Our management and the former owners of the businesses we acquire are
generally unfamiliar with the requirements of the United States securities laws
and may not appreciate the need to devote the resources necessary to comply with
such laws. A failure to adequately respond to applicable securities laws could
lead to investigations by the Securities and Exchange Commission and other
regulatory authorities that could be costly, divert management's attention and
disrupt our business.

We will continue to incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public
company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new
compliance requirements.

 As a public company we incur significant legal, accounting and other
expenses under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, together with rules implemented
by the Securities and Exchange Commission and applicable market regulators.
These rules impose various requirements on public companies, including requiring
certain corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel will
need to devote a substantial amount of time to these new compliance
requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and
financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and
costly.

 In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we
maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting and disclosure
controls and procedures. In particular, commencing in 2007, we must perform
system and process evaluations and testing of our internal controls over
financial reporting to allow management and our independent registered public
accounting firm to report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over
financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Our
testing, or the subsequent testing by our independent registered public
accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial
reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. Compliance with Section 404
may require that we incur substantial accounting expenses and expend significant
management efforts. If we are not able to comply with the requirements of
Section 404 in a timely manner, or if our accountants later identify
deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed
to be material weaknesses, the market price of our stock could decline and we
could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other applicable
regulatory authorities.

Lack of management control by owners of the common stock.

 Our chairman, Huizhi Xiao, beneficially owns approximately 20 of the
outstanding shares of our common stock. In addition, other beneficial owners of
more than 5 of our common stock in the aggregate owned approximately 56 of our
common stock. As a result of this concentration of ownership, you and our other
stockholders, acting alone, do not have the ability to determine the outcome of
matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of our directors
or significant corporate transactions. In addition, this concentration of
ownership, which is not subject to any voting restrictions, may discourage or
thwart efforts by third parties to take-over or effect a change in control of
our company that may be desirable for you and are other stockholders, and may
limit the price that investors are willing to pay for our common stock.

 Our Board of Directors has the authority, without stockholder approval, to
issue preferred stock with terms that may not be beneficial to common stock
holders and with the ability to adversely affect stockholder voting power and
perpetuate the board's control over the Company.

 Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to
1,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share. Our Board of
Directors by resolution may authorize the issuance of up to 20,000,000 shares of
preferred stock in one or more series with such limitations and restrictions as
it may determine, in its sole discretion, with no further authorization by
security holders required for the issuance thereof. The Board may determine the
specific terms of the preferred stock, including: designations; preferences;
conversions rights; cumulative, relative; participating; and optional or other
rights, including: voting rights; qualifications; limitations; or restrictions
of the preferred stock.

15

The issuance of preferred stock may adversely affect the voting power and
other rights of the holders of common stock. Preferred stock may be issued
quickly with terms calculated to discourage, make more difficult, delay or
prevent a change in control of our company or make removal of management more
difficult. As a result, the Board of Directors' ability to issue preferred stock
may discourage the potential hostile acquirer, possibly resulting in beneficial
negotiations. Negotiating with an unfriendly acquirer may result in terms more
favorable to us and our stockholders. Conversely, the issuance of preferred
stock may adversely affect any market price of, and the voting and other rights
of the holders of the common stock. We presently have no plans to issue any
preferred stock.

We may issue shares of our capital stock or debt securities to complete an
acquisition, which would reduce the equity interest of our stockholders or
subject our company to risks upon default

 We may issue our securities to acquire companies or assets. Most likely,
we will issue additional shares of our common stock or preferred stock, or both,
to complete acquisitions. If we issue additional shares of our common stock or
shares of our preferred stock, the equity interest of our existing stockholders
may be reduced significantly, and the market price of our common stock may
decrease. The shares of preferred stock we issue are likely to provide holders
with dividend, liquidation and voting rights, and may include participation
rights, senior to, and more favorable than, the rights and powers of holders of
our common stock.

 If we issue debt securities as part of an acquisition, and we are unable
to generate sufficient operating revenues to pay the principal amount and
accrued interest on that debt, we may be forced to sell all or a significant
portion of our assets to satisfy our debt service obligations, unless we are
able to refinance or negotiate an extension of our payment obligation. Even if
we are able to meet our debt service obligations as they become due, the holders
of that debt may accelerate payment if we fail to comply with, and/or are unable
to obtain waivers of, covenants that require us to maintain certain financial
ratios or reserves or satisfy certain other financial restrictions. In addition,
financial and other covenants in the agreements we may enter into to secure debt
financing may restrict our ability to obtain additional financing and our
flexibility in operating our business.

Future sales of our common stock, or the perception that such sales could occur,
could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.

 We have approximately 51,548,776 shares of our common stock outstanding.
There are a limited number of holders of our common stock. Future sales of our
common stock, pursuant to a registration statement or Rule 144 under the
Securities Act, or the perception that such sales could occur, could have an
adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. The number of our shares
available for sale pursuant to registration statements or Rule 144 is very large
relative to the trading volume of our shares. Any attempt to sell a substantial
number of our shares could severely depress the market price of our common
stock. In addition, we may use our capital stock in the future to finance
acquisitions and to compensate employees and management, which will further
dilute the interests of our existing shareholders and could also depress the
trading price of our common stock.

Item 2. Properties.

 We do not own any land, though we do own some of the buildings on land we
lease. Our executive offices are located in China at Songyuan City in Jilin
Province, which also is the headquarters of ErMaPao. These offices and
processing facilities are located on approximately 1600 acres of land owned by
The People's republic of China leased to the Company The lease for the land
expires in 2032. The annual rent for the land is RMB 994,795 or approximately
US 140,112 The buildings on this land has approximately 20,000 square meters of
usable space and is owned by ErMaPao.

16

Item 3. Legal Proceedings.

 We are not a party to any legal proceedings.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

 We did not submit any matter to a vote of our stockholders during the
fourth quarter of 2007.

 PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market for Our Common Stock

 Our common stock is traded in the over-the-counter market (the OTC
Bulletin Board). Prior to May 4, 2007, the date we changed our name from
Industrial Electrical Services. Inc. to China Organic Agriculture, Inc., our
common stock was quoted under the symbol "INEL.OB." From May 2007 to the
present, our common stock has been quoted under the symbol "CNOA.OB."

 The prices set forth below reflect the quarterly high and low bid price
information for shares of our common stock for the periods indicated. These
quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail markup, markdown or
commission, and may not represent actual transactions.

 High Low
 ---- ---
2007
- ----
First Quarter 2.00 0.51
Second Quarter 2.09 1.01
Third Quarter 4.00 1.15
Fourth Quarter 4.25 1.50

2006
- ----
First Quarter N/A N/A
Second Quarter N/A N/A
Third Quarter N/A N/A
Fourth Quarter 1.57 0.51

 As March 28, 2008, our common stock was held of record by approximately
1,300 stockholders, some of whom may hold shares for beneficial owners and have
not been polled to determine the extent of beneficial ownership.

 We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock. Holders of our
common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, declared and paid from
time to time by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available. We intend
to retain any earnings for the operation and expansion of our business and do
not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future
determination as to the payment of cash dividends will depend upon future
earnings, results of operations, capital requirements, our financial condition
and other factors that our Board of Directors may consider.

Equity Compensation Plans

 As of December 31, 2007, we did not have and we currently do not have any
equity compensation plans or arrangements and therefore, the table below is
blank.

17

Number of securities to be Weighted-average Number of securities remaining
 Plan issued upon exercise of exercise price of available for future issuance under
 category outstanding options, outstanding options, equity compensation plans (excluding
 warrants and rights warrants and rights securities reflected in column (a))
 (a) (b) (c)

- ----------
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Company and Affiliated Purchasers

 During the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2007,
neither we nor any "affiliated purchaser" (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under
the Exchange Act) purchased any shares of our common stock. On February 13,
2008, we filed with the Commission a Registration Statement on Form 10, which
has not been declared effective. No class of our equity securities is registered
pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

 We have reported all sales of our unregistered equity securities that
occurred during 2007 in our Reports on Form 10-QSB or Form 8-K, as applicable.

Item 6. Selected Financial Data.

Not applicable.

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operation.

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated
Financial Statements and Notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Report on
Form 10-KSB. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements. Our
actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the
forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause future results to differ
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements include, but
are not limited to, those discussed in "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in this Form
10-KSB.

OVERVIEW

On March 15, 2007, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the
"Merger Agreement") with Industrial Electric Services, Inc. ("INEL") and a
wholly owned Subsidiary of INEL ("Sub"), China Organic Agriculture Limited
("COA"), and the shareholders of COA. Under the terms of the agreement COA is
the surviving company.

COA is a corporation formed under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and is
a holding company that owns all of the issued and outstanding stock of Jilin
Songyuan City ErMaPao Green Rice Limited ("ErMaPao"). ErMaPao is the operating
company organized under the laws of China. Jilin Yutian of Organic Agriculture
Co., Ltd ("Yutian") was founded in August 2007 under the laws of the People's
Republic of China. It is owned 100 by ErMaPao. The Company is engaged in the
business of rice production and processing.

The Company consummated the Merger Transaction and acquired INEL from the
INEL Shareholders and thereby indirectly acquired the Chinese operating company
ErMaPao. In exchange for transferring INEL to the Company, the INEL Shareholders
retained stock consisting of 24,100,000 shares of the Company's common stock.
The reorganization of the Company was treated as an acquisition by the
accounting acquiree that is being accounted for as a recapitalization and as a
reverse merger by the legal acquirer for accounting purposes. Pursuant to the
recapitalization, all capital stock shares and amounts and per share data have
been retroactively restated. Accordingly:

18

(1) The balance sheets included herein consist of the net assets of the
accounting acquirer at historical cost and the net assets of the legal acquirer
at historical cost.

(2) The statements of operations included herein reflect the operations of the
accounting acquirer for the period presented and the operations of the legal
acquirer from the date of the merger.

The Company is now engaged in the business of rice production and processing.

Results of operations for the years ending December 31, 2006 and 2007

All financial information is presented for the year ending December 31, 2007 and
the year ending December 31, 2006.

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
 FOR THE YEARS ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2007 AND 2006

12/31/2007 12/31/2006
 ------------ ------------
 
Sales, net 44,500,003 9,002,345

Cost of sales 29,382,399 5,210,575
 ------------ ------------
Gross profit 15,117,604 3,791,770

Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,556,350 364,500
 ------------ ------------
Income from operations 13,561,254 3,427,270
 ------------ ------------

Other expense (income) 70,295 (3,827)
Interest (income) (1,631)
 ------------ ------------
Income before income taxes 13,492,590 3,431,097

Provision for income taxes -- --
 ------------ ------------
Net income 13,492,590 3,431,097
 ============ ============

Weighted average number of common shares, basic 51,548,776 51,548,776
Weighted average number of common shares, dilutive 51,616,372 51,548,776
Net Income:
Basic 0.26 0.07
Dilutive 0.26 0.07

Net sales

Net sales for the year ending December 31, 2007 totaled 44,500,003 compared to
 9,002,345 for the year ending December 31, 2006. This increase of 35,497,685,
which is an increase of approximately 394 and, was almost entirely attributable
to the increase in our green rice sales due to increases consumer demand of the
product in part resulting from higher availability and brand awareness created
through new distribution channels. We have expanded our distribution points from
individual retailers to large company retailers and supermarkets in the second
half of the year. Our products have been introduced in supermarkets in large
cities such as Shanghai, Beijing, and Nanjing. This expansion along with
increased production has been the major factor of our increase in products sales
for 2007.

19

Gross Profit Margin

Gross profit margin for the year ending December 31, 2007 was 34.0 compared to
42.1 for the year ending December 31, 2007. The decline in gross profit margin
is due to the increase of sales of less profitable green rice. In 2006, our
organic rice made up about 56 of our sales with green rice making up the rest.
Organic rice had a profit margin of approximately 55 and green rice had a
margin of 21 due to high sale prices for organic rice. In 2007, our green rice
sales increased significantly resulting in organic rice now making up about 15 
of sales and green rice sales representing about 85 of the revenues. Gross
profit margins in 2007 were about 57 for organic rice and 27 for green rice.
Shipments of green rice reached 49,500 tons and organic rice shipments reached
3,500 tons in 2007.

Gross profit was up two percentage points for organic rice in 2007 due to
improvements in the sales price while the costs remained constant. Green rice's
gross profit margin increased by approximately six percentage points due to a
higher mix of sales of the boxed green rice, which sells for a higher unit price
as compared to bagged green rice.

Our business focus is to increase production in both organic and green rice.
However, due to capital, technology, environment constraints, and certain
organic certification restrictions, expansion of organic rice production is more
constrained as compared to green rice. Our organic rice plantation is constantly
being researched and developed to improve production levels while complying with
the "organic" requirements. The significant increase in green rice production in
2007 is in part attributed to signing an agreement with Xinmiao Grain Depot
which acquires green rice product for us and another agreement with Wukeshu
Grain Depot to process roughly 42,000 tons of green rice annually for China
Organic Agriculture.

Selling, General and Administrative Expense

Selling, general and administrative expense for the year ending December 31,
2007 totaled 1,556,350 or approximately 3.5 of net sales, compared to 364,500
or approximately 4.0 for the year ending December 31, 2006. Our expenses
increased due largely to accommodate the expansion of our sales level. This has
required additional staff at the distribution centers and related costs, as well
as increased advertising promotion.

Income from Operations and Net Income

Income from operations for the year ending December 31, 2007 was 13,561,254 or
30.5 of net Sales as compared to income from operations of 3,427,270 for the
year ending December 31, 2006 or 38.1 of net Sales. Net income was 13,492,590
or 30.3 of net Sales for the year ending December 31, 2007, compared to
 3,431,097 or 38.1 of net Sales for the year ending December 31, 2006.

Both of these increases reflect the higher sales level discussed previously.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash has historically been generated from operations. Operations and liquidity
needs are funded primarily through cash flows from operations and short-term
borrowings. Cash and cash equivalents were 9,697,793, current assets totaled
 15,152,917, and current liabilities were 920,315 at December 31, 2007. Working
capital at December 31, 2007 was 14,232,602. We believe that the funds
available to us are adequate to meet our operating needs for the remainder of
2008.

20

Cash Flow

Year Ended December 31
 ------------------------------
 2007 2006
 ----------- -----------
 
Net cash provided by operating activities 9,696,012 3,147,011
Net cash used in investing activities (852,041) (32,490)
Net cash provided (used in) financing activities -- (3,429,165)
Effects of exchange rates on cash 537,361 4,527
Net cash flow 9,697,793 316,461

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities

During the twelve months ended December 31, 2007, we had positive cash flow from
operating activities of 9,696,012, primarily attributable to net income of
 13,879,376. The cash provided by operating activities in 2007 represents an
increase of 6,481,015 over the 2006 level of 3,147,001, which was primarily
attributable to net income of 3,348,317. In 2007, we had a significant
increases in accounts receivable 1,122,361), inventory 2,739,639), as well
as accounts payable and accrued expenses 899,690)

Net Cash Provided (Used) by Investing Activities and Financing Activities

The Company used 852,041 for the construction of new production lines and
facilities during fiscal 2007. These constructions were financed by cash flows
from operating activities.

We anticipate that our available funds and cash flows generated from operations
will be sufficient meet our anticipated on-going operating needs for the next
twelve (12) months. However, we will likely raise additional capital in order to
fund our ongoing constructions and acquisitions. We expect to raise those funds
though credit facilities obtained from lending institutions, the issuance of
equity, or a combination of both. There can be no guarantee that we will be able
to obtain such funding, whether through the insurance of debt or equity, on
terms satisfactory to management and our board of directors.

 In connection with the acquisition of the Bellisimo Winery we incurred
debt in the amount of 8,515,000 for which we granted the lender a first lien on
the Winery. This debt bears interest at an initial rate of 7.7 per annum and is
repayable in varying monthly payments over a period of 20 years. In addition, we
received an advance of an additional 6,216,000 used to purchase the Winery, at
4 interest over a 5 year term.

 We have previously announced our intention to acquire Dalian Baoshui
District Huiming Trading Limited. This acquisition remains subject to our due
diligence and there can be no assurance that it will be consummated. If we were
to complete this acquisition, it is likely that we would have to issue
additional debt or equity securities, including debt or equity issued to the
shareholders of Dalian as part of the purchase price. There is no assurance that
the funds needed to acquire Dalian will be available to us or, if available,
that the terms will be commercially reasonable.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

The financial information required by this item is set forth beginning on page
F-1 appearing after the signature page.

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure.

 On March 28, 2007, we appointed the firm of Morgenstern, Svoboda & Baer,
CPAs, P.C. ("New Auditor") as our independent auditor and dismissed the firm of
Pender Newkirk & Company LLP ("Former Auditor"), which had served as our
independent auditor until that date. The Former Auditor was our auditor prior to
the acquisition by our company of ErMaPao and China Organic Agriculture, Ltd.

21

The reports of the Former Auditor on our financial statements for the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2006 did not contain an
adverse opinion, a disclaimer of opinion or any qualifications or modifications
related to uncertainty, limitation of audit scope or application of accounting
principles. During the fiscal years ending December 31, 2005 and December 31,
2006 and the period from December 31, 2006 to March 28, 2007, the Company did
not have any disagreements (within the meaning of Instruction 4 of Item 304 of
Regulation S-K) with the Former Auditor as to any matter of accounting
principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or
procedure and there have been no reportable events (as defined in Item 304 of
Regulation S-K).

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.

 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in
Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company's
reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and
Exchange Commission's rules and forms and that the Company's employees
accumulate this information and communicate it to the Company's management,
including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as
appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding the required disclosure. In
designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and
operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control
objectives, and management necessarily must apply its judgment in evaluating the
cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.

 As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company carried
out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the
Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the
Company's disclosure controls and procedures under Rule 13a-15. Based upon that
evaluation, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective
at the reasonable assurance level.

 There has not been any change in the Company's internal control over
financial reporting during the Company's most recent fiscal quarter that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's
internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. Other Information.

Not applicable.

 PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.

 Our directors, executive officers and key employees are:

Name Age Title

 Changqing Xu 37 Chief Executive Officer
 Xuefeng Guo 34 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
 Huizhi Xiao 46 Chairman and Director
 Shujie Wu 38 Director
 Zhouzhe Jin 68 Director
 Jingyong Ma 56 Director

22

Huizhi Xiao was elected Chairman of our Board of Directors on June 4, 2007, and
Zhouzhe Jin and Jingyong Ma were appointed on July 18, 2007 and August 1, 2007,
respectively. Shujie Wu was appointed a director on March 30th 2007. Xuefeng Guo
was appointed CFO on November 7, 2007, and Changqing Xu was appointed CEO on
December 7, 2007. The business experience of each director and executive officer
of the Company is set forth below.

Changqing Xu was from 2002 to December 2007 the CEO of food distributor Hubei
Tianjian Limited, in charge of the company's investment plans and policies as
well as management and market expansion. During this time, he worked with local
agricultural universities to improve rice grain quality and increase grain
production, and negotiated exclusive retail agreements in the Hubei and Hunan
area as well. Prior to joining Hubei, Mr. Xu served as COO of Shanghai Huaying
Investments Limited, in charge of market planning, internal control, financing,
and asset restructuring, and was a market manager and managing director of
Shenzhen Fuxing Printing Company Limited, in charge of sales and promotions of
its products.

Xuefeng Guo specializes in financial management and has successfully held, over
the past five years, significant positions in the investment, finance and
banking industries. He holds an MBA from the University of Shandong. Until
December 2002, Mr. Guo was Deputy Manager of Tianlishou Medicine Factory, in
Shandong. From January 2003 to present, he was deputy Manager of Beijing
Mingtian Capital Holding Limited.

Huizhi Xiao graduated from Jilin Agricultural University and is a senior
agronomist with many years of experience in the food processing industry,
particularly in rice processing. He is a prominent figure in the China's
agriculture industry with a reputation as an innovator with extensive management
experience through several past enterprises. From 1990-2002 he was General
Manager of Qianguo District Guangsha Construction Company. From 2002 to the
present he has served as President of Songyuan City ErMaPao Green Rice Limited,
now our subsidiary.

Shujie Wu served from 2002 to 2004 as Chairman of Dongguan Shijin Market
Investment Company Limited. From 2003 to 2005, Wu served as Chairman of
Guangzhou City Weirong Investment Consulting Company Limited, and from 2005, to
2007, served as Managing Director of Jiayuanfen International Investments
Company Limited.

Zhouzhe Jin is a senior agronomist and recipient of the "National Special
Contributions" Award. Jin graduated from Yanbian Agricultural College, and
thereafter was assigned to Jilin Province Qianguo District's Agricultural Bureau
on agricultural systems. In December 1969, he was delegated to Qianguo District
Jilatu Agricultural Station. He also served as deputy mayor of Jilatu. While
working with the agricultural bureau, Jin conducted agricultural scientific
experiments such as paddy field phosphorus test, dry seeding, courtyard seeding,
formulated fertilization of rice, and the "Three Dry Cultivation Methods".

Jingyong Ma is an agricultural specialist and researcher. Since 1970, Mr. Ma has
been a lecturer to the graduate students of the Jilin Agricultural Academy,
while also conducting research on quality of rice grains, new varieties of rice
breeding, and rice grain breeding genetics. Since January 2005, Mr. Ma has been
retained by the Company as a rice grain specialist and consultant. Mr. Ma has
developed a variety of new species of grains which are of high quality, high
production value, and high resistance to disease and blight. Mr. Ma was
commended in 1998 for outstanding contributions of young technical professionals
in Jilin and was awarded the State Council's "Government's special allowances"
in 2001.

 Corporate Governance: Board Committees and Independent Directors

23

Our Board of Directors did not hold any meetings during 2007, though it
did act by Unanimous Written Consent.

Compensation of Directors

 None of our directors received compensation from the Company for serving
in such position during 2007.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our
directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of more than 10 of our
common stock to file with the SEC reports of their holdings of, and transactions
in, our common stock. Based solely upon our review of copies of such reports and
written representations from reporting persons that were provided to us, we
believe that our officers, directors and 10 stockholders complied with these
reporting requirements with respect to 2007.

Code of Ethics

 We have not adopted a code of ethics to apply to our principal executive
officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and
controller, or persons performing similar functions because, until recently, we
have not been an operating company. We expect to prepare a Code of Ethics in the
near future

Item 11. Executive Compensation.

 The following table sets forth information with respect to the amounts
awarded to, earned by, or paid to, our principal executive officer for services
provided in all capacities to us and our subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2007, and the amounts awarded to, earned by, or paid to that
individual for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006. No other executive
officer or former executive officer received more than 100,000 in compensation
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007.

 Summary Compensation Table

Non-equity Change in pension value and
 Name and Stock Option incentive plan nonqualified deferred All other
 principal Salary Bonus awards awards compensation compensation earnings compensation Total
 position Year ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
 (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) (i) (j)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Changqing Xu
CEO 2007 8,000 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A 8,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Changqing Xu
CEO 2006 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Xuefeng Guo
CFO & 2007 8,000 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A 8,000
Secretary
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Xuefeng Guo
CFO & 2006 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Secretary
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Huizhi Xiao 2007 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A 8,000
Chairman 8,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Huizhi Xiao 2006 7,692 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A 7,692
Chairman

24

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End

 We did not grant options, or make stock awards, to any of our executive
officers in 2007, nor were any outstanding as of December 31, 2007.

 We have not granted any equity-based compensation, awards or stock options
to our chief executive officer or any other executive officer.

 We have not entered into an employment or consulting agreement with any of
our executive officers or directors. Except as disclosed below under the caption
"Compensation of Directors," we have not paid or accrued any fees to any of our
directors for serving as a member of our Board of Directors. We do not have any
retirement, pension, profit sharing or stock option plans or insurance or
medical reimbursement plans covering our officers and directors.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
Related Stockholder Matters.

 The following table sets forth certain information as of March 28, 2008
concerning the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (i) each person who,
to our knowledge, beneficially owns more than 5 of our common stock; (ii) each
of our directors and executive officers; and (iii) all of our directors and
executive officers as a group. As of March 28, 2008, we had outstanding
51,548,776 shares of common stock. Under SEC rules, a person is deemed to be the
beneficial owner of securities that he may acquire within 60 days upon the
exercise of warrants or options, or conversion or exchange of other of our
securities. The percent of common stock owned by each beneficial owner is
determined assuming the acquisition by him (but not any other beneficial owner)
of all shares he may acquire within 60 days upon exercise, conversion of
exchange of all derivative securities. Except as otherwise indicated, the
address for each beneficial owner is c/o. the Company, Jilin Province Songyuan
City ErMaPao Green Rice Limited, East Ping Feng Xiang Zheng Fu, Qian Guo
District Songyuan City, Jilin Province, P.R. China 131108

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name and Address of Amount and Percent
 Beneficial Owner Nature of Of Class
 Beneficial
 Owner
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Xia Wu 15,000,000 29.1
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Huizhi Xiao 10,114,873 19.6
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Luxesource International Limited 6,175,975 12.0
Shennan Zhong Road, PO Box 031-072
Shenzhen 518000, China
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Simple (Hong Kong) Investment & Management 2,882,121 5.6
Company Limited
Shennan Zhong Road, PO Box 031-072
Shenzhen 518000, China
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
First Capital Limited 2,744,878 5.3
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
China US Bridge Capital Limited 2,744,878 5.3
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Changqing Xu 0 0
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Xuefeng Guo 0 0
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shujie Wu 0 0
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zhouzhe Jin 0 0
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jingyong Ma 0 0
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Officers and Directors as a group (6 persons) 10,114,873 19.6 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

25

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.

 In connection with the acquisition by the Company of China Organic
Agriculture Limited ("COA"), the BVI holding Company, the Company issued to the
shareholders of COA, Huizhi Xiao, Luxesource International Limited, JK Friedman
Capital Limited, Shenzhen Huaying, Guaranty and Investment Company Limited,
First Capital Limited, Simple (Hong Kong) Investment & Management Company
Limited and China US Bridge Capital Limited an aggregate of 27,448,776 shares of
the Company's common stock.

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

 During fiscal year 2007 and fiscal year 2006, the aggregate fees which we
paid to or were billed by Morgenstern, Svoboda, & Baer, CPA's, P.C. for
professional services, which only included audit fees, were as follows:

 Fiscal Year Ended December 31,
 --------------------------------
 2007 2006
Audit Fees (1) 21,000
Audit-Related Fees (2) 22,500
All Other Fees (3)

(1) Fees for services to perform an audit or review in accordance with generally
accepted auditing standards and services that generally only our independent
registered public accounting firm can reasonably provide, such as the audit of
our consolidated financial statements, the review of the financial statements
included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-QSB, and for services that are
normally provided by independent registered public accounting firms in
connection with statutory and regulatory engagements.

(2) Fees, if any, for assurance and related services that are traditionally
performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, such as audit
attest services not required by statute or regulation, and consultation
concerning financial accounting and reporting standards.

(3) Fees for tax compliance. Tax compliance generally involves preparation of
original and amended tax returns, claims for refunds and tax payment planning
services.

26

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.

Documents filed as part of this Report:

 1. Financial Statements

 Our Consolidated Financial Statements required by this Section appear in a
separate section beginning on page F-1 of this Report.

 2. Financial Statement Schedules

 None

 3. Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.1 Articles and Plan of Exchange between Registrant and Industrial Electric
 Services LLC, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2 to the
 Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 10SB-2 filed on November 1,
 2005.

3.1 Articles of Incorporation, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1
 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 10SB-2 filed November
 1, 2005.

3.2 Bylaws, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the
 Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 10SB-2 filed on November 1,
 2005.

3.3 Operating Agreement of Industrial Electric Services LLC, incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant's Registration
 Statement on Form 10SB-2 filed on November 1, 2005.

3.4 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, changing the name
 from Industrial Electric Services, Inc. to China Organic Agriculture,
 Inc., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 10, 2007.

4.1 Warrants, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
 Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 10-12G filed on February 13,
 2008.

10.1 Promissory Note, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10 to the
 Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 10SB-2 filed on November 1,
 2005.

10.2 Agreement by and among Edward Lynch, Keith Yates and Registrant,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 21, 2006.

10.3 Promissory Note, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Registrant's Form 10-KSB filed on February 16, 2007.

10.4 Assignment by and between International Machinery Movers, Inc. and
 individuals listed on Exhibit B, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 10-KSB filed on February 16, 2007.

27

10.5 Stock Purchase Agreement by and between Edward Lynch and Xia Wu,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2007.

10.6 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Registrant, INEL Merger Sub,
 Inc., China Organic Agriculture Limited, ("COA"), and the shareholders of
 COA, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2007.

10.7 Form of Standby Equity Distribution Agreement between Registrant, and each
 of the investors set forth on the signature page, incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on June 1, 2007.

10.8 Agricultural Partnership Agreement between Registrant and Xinmiao Grain
 Depot, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 16, 2007.

10.9 Agriculture Processing Partnership Agreement between Songyuan City ErMaPao
 Green Rice Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant and
 Wukeshu Grain Depot, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to
 the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2007.

10.10 Retailing Agreement between ErMaPao Green Rice Limited, a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of the Registrant and Changchun City Huaxing Foods Ltd.,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant's
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2007.

10.11 Retailing Agreement between ErMaPao Green Rice Limited, a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of the Registrant and Songyuan City Grain and Oil Company,
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant's
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2007.

10.12 Cooperation Agreement between Registarant and Jilin Agriculture
 University, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 10-12G filed on February 13,
 2008.

10.13 Agricultural Partnership Agreement between Songyuan City ErMaPao Green
 Rice Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant, and Xinmiao
 Grain Depot, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
 Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 10-12G filed on February 13,
 2008.

10.14 Agriculture Processing Partnership Agreement between Songyuan City ErMaPao
 Green Rice Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant, and
 Wukeshu Grain Depot, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to
 the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 10-12G filed on February
 13, 2008.

10.15 2007 Ermapao Products Retail Agreement between Songyuan City ErMaPao Green
 Rice Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant, and Changchun
 City Huaxing Foods Limited, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
 10.4 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 10-12G filed on
 February 13, 2008.

28

10.16 2007 Ermapao Products Retail Agreement between Songyuan City ErMaPao Green
 Rice Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant, and Songyuan
 City Ningjian District Shunda Grain and Oil Company, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on
 Form 10-12G filed on February 13, 2008.

10.17 2007 Ermapao Products Retail Agreement between Songyuan City ErMaPao Green
 Rice Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant, and Changchun
 City Qinghai Grain and Oil Company, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 10-12G
 filed on February 13, 2008.

10.18 2007 Ermapao Products Retail Agreement between Songyuan City ErMaPao Green
 Rice Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant, and Songyuan
 City Ningjian District Shunda Grain and Oil Company, incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on
 Form 10-12G filed on February 13, 2008.

10.19 2007 Ermapao Products Retail Agreement between Songyuan City ErMaPao Green
 Rice Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant, and Songyuan
 City Tongda Grain and Oil Company, incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form 10-12G
 filed on February 13, 2008.

10.20 Promissory Note dated February 25, 2008 between China Organic Agriculture,
 Inc. and Mr. Xi Rong Xu.

10.21 Promissory Note dated February 28, 2008 between Transamerica Life
 Insurance Company and China Organic Agriculture, Inc.

10.22 Agreements regarding the February 29, 2008 purchase of Bellisimo Vineyard.

21.1 List of Subsidiaries

31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302

31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302

32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906

32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906

 29

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Dated: March 31, 2008 CHINA ORGANIC AGRICULTURE, INC.

By: /s/ Changqing Xu
 -------------------------------------------
 Changqing Xu
 Chief Executive Officer
 (principal executive officer)

By: /s/ Xuefeng Guo
 -------------------------------------------
 Xuefeng Guo
 Chief Financial Officer
 (principal financial and accounting officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant on
March 31, 2008 in the capacities indicated.

Signature Title

/s/ Huizhi Xiao Chairman and Director
- -----------------
Huizhi Xiao

/s/ Shujie Wu Director
- -----------------
Shujie Wu

/s/ Zhouzhe Jin Director
- -----------------
Zhouzhe Jin

/s/ Jingyong Ma Director
- -----------------
Jingyong Ma

30

CHINA ORGANIC AGRICULTURE, INC.

 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 DECEMBER 31, 2007 and 2006

31

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 3

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Consolidated Balance Sheets 4

Consolidated Statements of Income 5

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 6

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 7

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 8 - 17

32

MORGENSTERN, SVOBODA, & BAER, CPA's, P.C.

CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
40 Exchange Place, Suite 1820
New York, NY 10005
TEL: (212) 925-9490
FAX: (212) 226-9134
E-MAIL: MSBCPAS@GMAIL.COM

Board of Directors and Stockholders of
China Organic Agriculture, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of China Organic
Agriculture, Inc. ("Company") as of December 31, 2007 and 2006 and the related
consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, consolidated statements
of stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the years then ended. The Company's
management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over
financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of China Organic Agriculture, Inc.
as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the periods then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

Morgenstern, Svoboda & Baer, CPAs, P.C.
Certified Public Accountants

New York, NY
March 26, 2008

33

CHINA ORGANIC AGRICULTURE, INC.

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
 DECEMBER 31, 2007 AND 2006

ASSETS 2007 2006
 ----------- -----------
 
Current Assets
Cash and cash equivalents 9,697,793 316,461
Accounts receivable, net 1,924,080 801,719
Inventory 3,176,034 436,395
Trade deposits 42,420 --
Other receivables and prepayments 312,590 3,284
 ----------- -----------
Total Current Assets 15,152,917 1,557,859

Property, plant & equipment, net 1,505,783 721,728

Intangibles, net 3,304,776 3,444,220

 ----------- -----------
Total Assets 19,963,476 5,723,807
 =========== ===========

 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Current Liabilities

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 179,783 1,148,473
Due to related party 364,865 --
Taxes payable 375,667 51,649
 ----------- -----------
Total Current Liabilities 920,315 1,200,122
Stockholders' Equity

Preferred stock, par value, 0.001 per share
 20,000,000 shares authorized, none outstanding -- --
Common stock, par value, "nil" 3,931,976 3,862,976
 1,000,000,000 shares authorized
 51,548,776 and 42,798,776 issued and outstanding
Additional paid in capital 420,525 --
Statutory reserves 824,168 824,168
Other comprehensive income 602,498 65,137
Retained earnings (deficit) 13,263,994 (228,596)
 ----------- -----------
Total Stockholders' Equity 19,043,161 4,523,685
 ----------- -----------
Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 19,963,476 5,723,807
 =========== ===========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

34

CHINA ORGANIC AGRICULTURE, INC.

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
 FOR THE YEARS ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2007 AND 2006

2007 2006
 ------------ ------------
 
Sales, net 44,500,003 9,002,345

Cost of sales 29,382,399 5,210,575
 ------------ ------------
Gross profit 15,117,604 3,791,770

Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,556,350 364,500
 ------------ ------------
Income from operations 13,561,254 3,427,270
 ------------ ------------

Other expense (income) 70,295 (3,827)
Interest (income) (1,631)
 ------------ ------------
Income before income taxes 13,492,590 3,431,097

Provision for income taxes -- --
 ------------ ------------
Net income 13,492,590 3,431,097
 ============ ============

Weighted average number of common shares, basic 51,548,776 51,548,776
Weighted average number of common shares, dilutive 51,616,372 51,548,776
Earnings per share of common stock:

Basic 0.26 0.07
Dilutive 0.26 0.07

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

 35

CHINA ORGANIC AGRICULTURE, INC.

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
 FOR THE YEARS ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2007 AND 2006

2007 2006
 ----------- -----------
 
Net Income 13,492,590 3,431,097

Other Comprehensive Income
 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment 537,361 4,527
 ----------- -----------

Comprehensive Income 14,029,951 3,435,624
 =========== ===========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

36

CHINA ORGANIC AGRICULTURE, INC.

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 AND 2006

2007 2006
 ----------- -----------
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
 
Net income 13,492,590 3,431,097
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
 provided by operating activities:
 Stock based compensation 420,525 --
 Depreciation and amortization 207,430 196,751
 Loss on fixed assets retirements -- 4,042
(Increase) /decrease in assets:
 Accounts receivables (1,122,361) (207,606)
 Inventory (2,739,639) 305,438
 Trade deposits (42,420)
 Other current assets (309,306) 5,365
Increase /(decrease) in current liabilities:
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses (899,690) (481,561)
 Due to related party 364,865 --

Taxes payable 324,018 (106,915)
 ----------- -----------

Net cash provided by operating activities 9,696,012 3,146,611
 ----------- -----------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of property, plant & equipment (852,041) (32,490)
 ----------- -----------
Net cash provided by Investing activities (852,041) (32,490)
 ----------- -----------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Dividend -- (3,429,165)
 ----------- -----------
Net Cash provided by (used in) Financing Activities (3,429,165)
 ----------- -----------
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 537,361 4,927

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 9,381,332 (310,517)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning balance 316,461 626,578
 ----------- -----------
Cash and cash equivalents, ending balance 9,697,793 316,461
 =========== ===========
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES:
Cash paid during the year for:
 Income tax payments -- --
 =========== ===========
 Interest payments -- --
 =========== ===========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

37

CHINA ORGANIC AGRICULTURE, INC.

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 AND 2006

Common Common Additional Other Retained Total
 Stock Stock Paid Statutory Comprehensive Earnings Stockholders'
 Shares Amount In Capital Reserves Income (Deficit) Equity
 ------ ------ ---------- -------- ------ --------- ------

Balance January 1, 2006 51,548,776 3,931,976 - 481,110 60,610 112,530 4,586,226
Foreign currency translation
 adjustments 4,527 4,527
Net income for the year ended
 12/31/06 3,431,097 3,431,097

Dividend (3,429,165) (3,429,165)

Transferred to statutory reserve 343,058 (343,058) -
 ---------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ---------- ------------ --------------
Balance December 31, 2006 51,548,776 3,931,976 824,168 65,137 (228,596) 4,592,685
Foreign currency translation
 adjustments 537,361 537,361
Net income for the year ended
 12/31/07 13,492,590 13,492,590
Stock based compensation 420,525 420,525
 ---------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ---------- ------------ --------------
Balance December 31, 2007 51,548,776 3,931,976 420,525 824,168 602,498 13,263,994 19,043,161
 ---------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ---------- ------------ --------------

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

38

CHINA ORGANIC AGRICULTURE, INC.
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 DECEMBER 31, 2007

Note 1 - ORGANIZATION AND - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

China Organic Agriculture, Inc. ("CNOA" or "Company") (formerly Industrial
Electric Services, Inc.) ("IESI") was incorporated on August 5, 2005, in the
state of Florida. The Company has three wholly owned subsidiaries. China Organic
Agriculture, Ltd. ("COA") was incorporated on August 10, 2006 under the laws of
the British Virgin Islands. Jilin Songyuan City ErMaPao Green Rice Ltd
("ErMaPao") was established in 2002 under the laws of the People's Republic of
China. COA owns 100 of ErMaPao. Jilin Yutian of Organic Agriculture Co., Ltd
("Yutian") was founded in August 2007 under the laws of the People's Republic of
China. It is owned 100 by ErMaPao. The Company is engaged in the business of
rice production and processing.

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of CNOA
and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, except that the financials do not include the
activities of IESI that occurred prior to the reverse merger as discussed below.
These have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America and all material intercompany
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company's functional
currency is the Chinese Yuan Renminbi; however, the accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been translated and presented in U. S. Dollars. In the
opinion of management, the accompanying consolidated financial statements
reflect the adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation of the
Company's results as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and for the years then
ended.

On March 15, 2007, CNOA, formerly IESI, through a reverse merger, issued
27,448,776 shares of stock in exchange for all the outstanding shares of COA.
Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, the share
exchange is considered to be a capital transaction in substance, rather than a
business combination. Thus the share exchange is equivalent to the issuance of
stock by COA for the net monetary assets of CNOA, accompanied by a
recapitalization, and is accounted for as a change in capital structure.
Accordingly, the accounting for the share exchange will be identical to that
resulting from a reverse acquisition, except no goodwill will be recorded. Under
reverse takeover accounting, the post reverse acquisition comparative historical
financial statements of the legal acquirer, CNOA, are those of the legal
acquiree, COA, which is considered to be the accounting acquirer, and thus
represent a continuation of the financial statements of COA. Share and per share
amounts stated have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the merger.

Translation Adjustment

As of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, the accounts of China Organic
Agriculture, Inc., were maintained, and its financial statements were expressed,
in Chinese Yuan Renminbi. Such financial statements were translated into U.S.
Dollars in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS")
No. 52, "Foreign Currency Translation" ("SFAS No. 52"), with the Chinese Yuan
Renminbi as the functional currency. According to SFAS No. 52, all assets and
liabilities were translated at the current exchange rate, stockholders' equity
is translated at the historical rates and income statement items are translated
at the average exchange rate for the period. The resulting translation
adjustments are reported under other comprehensive income in accordance with
SFAS No. 130, "Reporting Comprehensive Income," as a component of shareholders'
equity. Transaction gains and losses are reflected in the income statement.

39

CHINA ORGANIC AGRICULTURE, INC.
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 DECEMBER 31, 2007

Note 1 - ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Risks and Uncertainties

The Company is subject to substantial risks from, among other things, intense
competition associated with the industry in general, other risks associated with
financing, liquidity requirements, rapidly changing customer requirements,
limited operating history, foreign currency exchange rates and the volatility of
public markets.

Contingencies

Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued,
which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when
one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company's management and
legal counsel assess such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently
involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to
legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that
may result in such proceedings, the Company's legal counsel evaluates the
perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the
perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought.

If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material
loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then
the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company's financial statements.
If the assessment indicates that a potential material loss contingency is not
probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated,
then the nature of the contingent liability, together with an estimate of the
range of possible loss if determinable and material would be disclosed.

Loss contingencies considered to be remote by management are generally not
disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantee would be
disclosed.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand and cash in time deposits,
certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original
maturities of three months or less.

Accounts Receivable

The Company maintains reserves it judges are required for potential credit
losses on accounts receivable. Management reviews the composition of accounts
receivable and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer
credit worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customer payment
patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. Terms of the sales vary.
Reserves are recorded primarily on a specific identification basis. There are no
doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006.

40

CHINA ORGANIC AGRICULTURE, INC.
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 DECEMBER 31, 2007

Note 1 - ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Inventories

Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (determined on a weighted average
basis) or market. Management compares the cost of inventories with the market
value and allowances are made for writing down their inventories to market
value, if lower. As of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006 inventories were
 3,176,034 and 436,395, respectively, including finished goods, valued at
 1,212,104 and 45,645, respectively. Raw material inventories as of December
31, 2007 and December 31, 2006 are valued at 1,963,930 and 390,750,
respectively. Expenses that are included in inventory and in cost of sales
include the cost of purchased product, fees paid to the contractors, and any
processing fees and packaging costs that may have been incurred in the
preparation of the raw rice into the finished product.

Property, Plant & Equipment

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for maintenance
and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred while additions, renewals and
betterments are capitalized. When property, plant and equipment are retired or
otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed
from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is included in operations.
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is provided using the
straight-line method for substantially all assets with estimated lives of:

 Real property 20 years
 Machinery & equipment 5-10 years
 Transportation equipment 5 years

Intangible Assets

In October 2005, the Company purchased land rights which expire in 2032. These
intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over the term of
the land rights. We evaluate the recoverability of intangible assets
periodically and take into account events or circumstances that warrant revised
estimates of useful lives or that indicate that impairment exists. All of our
intangible assets are subject to amortization. No impairments of intangible
assets have been identified during any of the periods presented.

Long-Lived Assets

Effective January 1, 2002, the Company adopted SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets" ("SFAS 144"), which addresses
financial accounting and reporting for the impairment or disposal of long-lived
assets and supersedes SFAS No. 121, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed Of," and the accounting and
reporting provisions of Accounting Principals Board ("APB") Opinion No. 30,
"Reporting the Results of Operations for a Disposal of a Segment of a Business."
The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets to be
held and used in accordance with SFAS No. 144. SFAS No. 144 requires impairment
losses to be recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of
impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated
by those assets are less than the assets carrying amounts. In that event, a loss
is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair
market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed
of is determined in a similar manner, except that fair market values are reduced
for the cost of disposal. Based

41

CHINA ORGANIC AGRICULTURE, INC.
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 DECEMBER 31, 2007

Note 1 - ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Long-Lived Assets (continued)

on its review, the Company believes that, as of December 31, 2007, there were no
significant impairments of its long-lived assets.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

SFAS No. 107, "Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments," requires
that the Company disclose estimated fair values of financial instruments. The
carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position for current
assets and current liabilities that qualify as financial instruments are a
reasonable estimate of fair value.

Revenue Recognition

The Company's revenue recognition policies are in compliance with Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 104, "Revenue Recognition." Sales revenue is recognized
at the date that our customers take delivery of the product at our distribution
center when a formal arrangement exists, the price is fixed or determinable, no
other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectability is
reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for
revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue. The
Company's products are not returnable.

Advertising Costs

The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. For the year ended December
31, 2007, advertising costs were 38,406. The Company does not provide rebates,
slotting fees or cooperative advertising payments to its customers.

Income Taxes

The Company utilizes SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," which requires
the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future
tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements
or tax returns. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the
tax consequences in future years for differences between the tax bases of assets
and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based
on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which
the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are
established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized.

Basic and Diluted Earnings per Share

Earnings per share are calculated in accordance with the SFAS No. 128, "Earnings
per Share" ("SFAS No.128"). SFAS No. 128 superseded APB No. 15. The basic
earnings per share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding. Dilutive earnings per share is based on the weighted average shares
of the common stock outstanding adjusted for the impact of potentially dilutive
securities outstanding. The dilutive impact of warrants outstanding during 2007
is calculated using the treasury stock method, which treats the warrants as if
they were exercised at the date of grant, adjusted for common stock assume to be
repurchased with the proceeds realized upon the exercise of the warrants. The
Company had no dilutive securities outstanding as of December 31, 2006.

42

CHINA ORGANIC AGRICULTURE, INC.
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 DECEMBER 31, 2007

Note 1 - ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Statement of Cash Flows

In accordance with SFAS No. 95, "Statement of Cash Flows," cash flows from the
Company's operations are based upon the local currency. As a result, amounts
related to assets and liabilities reported on the statement of cash flows will
not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the balance
sheet.

Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of
credit risk are cash, accounts receivable and other receivables arising from its
normal business activities. The Company places its cash in what it believes to
be credit-worthy financial institutions. The Company has a diversified base of
customers who are located in China. The Company controls credit risk related to
accounts receivable through credit approvals, credit limits and monitoring
procedures. The Company routinely assesses the financial strength of its
customers and, based upon factors surrounding the credit risk, establishes an
allowance, if required, for uncollectible accounts. As a consequence, the
Company believes that its accounts receivable credit risk exposure beyond such
allowance is limited.

Segment Reporting

SFAS No. 131, "Disclosure about Segments of an Enterprise and Related
Information," requires use of the management approach model for segment
reporting. The management approach model is based on how a company's management
organizes segments within the company for making operating decisions and
assessing performance. Reportable segments are based on products and services,
geography, legal structure, management structure, or any other manner in which
management disaggregates a company. Based on this model, the Company has one
segment, the production and processing of rice.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In February 2006, FASB issued SFAS No. 155, "Accounting for Certain Hybrid
Financial Instruments." ("SFAS No. 155"). SFAS No. 155 amends SFAS No 133,
"Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," ("SFAS No. 133")
and SFAS No. 140, "Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets
and Extinguishments of Liabilities" ("SFAS No. 140"). SFAS No. 155 allows
financial instruments that have embedded derivatives to be accounted for as a
whole (eliminating the need to bifurcate the derivative from its host) if the
holder elects to account for the whole instrument on a fair value basis. SFAS
No. 155 also clarifies and amends certain other provisions of SFAS No. 133 and
SFAS No. 140. This statement is effective for all financial instruments acquired
or issued in fiscal years beginning after September 15, 2006. The Company does
not believe that its adoption had a material impact on its financial position,
results of operations or cash flows.

In March 2006, the FASB issued SFAS Statement No. 156, "Accounting for Servicing
of Financial Assets - an amendment to FASB Statement No. 140," ("SFAS No. 156").
Statement No. 156 requires that an entity recognize a servicing asset or
servicing liability each time it undertakes an obligation to service a financial
asset by entering into a service contract under certain situations. The new
standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after September 15, 2006. The
Company does not believe that its adoption of this new standard had a material
impact on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

43

CHINA ORGANIC AGRICULTURE, INC.
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 DECEMBER 31, 2007

Note 1 - ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Recent Accounting Pronouncements (continued)

In September, 2006, FASB issued SFAS Statement No. 157 "Fair Value
Measurements," ("SFAS No. 157"). SFAS No. 157 defines fair value, establishes a
framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles
("GAAP"), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement
applies under other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value
measurements, as the FASB previously concluded in those accounting
pronouncements that fair value is the relevant measurement attribute.
Accordingly, SFAS No. 157 does not require any new fair value measurements.
However, for some entities, the application of SFAS No. 157 will change current
practice. This Statement is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal
years beginning after November 15, 2007, and interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company is currently evaluating the effect of this pronouncement on
financial statements.

In September 2006, FASB issued SFAS Statement No. 158 "Employers' Accounting for
Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans - an amendment of FASB
Statements No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R)." SFAS No. 158 improves financial
reporting by requiring an employer to recognize the over-funded or underfunded
status of a defined benefit postretirement plan (other than a multiemployer
plan) as an asset or liability in its statement of financial position and to
recognize changes in that funded status in the year in which the changes occur
through comprehensive income of a business entity or changes in unrestricted net
assets of a not-for-profit organization. This Statement also improves financial
reporting by requiring an employer to measure the funded status of a plan as of
the date of its year-end statement of financial position, with limited
exceptions. An employer with publicly traded equity securities is required to
initially recognize the funded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan
and to provide the required disclosures as of the end of the fiscal year ending
after December 15, 2006.

The requirement to measure plan assets and benefit obligations as of the date of
the employer's fiscal year-end statement of financial position is effective for
fiscal years ending after December 15, 2008.

The Company believes that the adoption of these standards will have no material
impact on its financial statements.

In February, 2007, FASB issued SFAS No. 159, "The Fair Value Option for
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities - Including an Amendment of FASB
Statement No. 115." This Statement permits entities to choose to measure many
financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. This Statement is
expected to expand the use of fair value measurement, which is consistent with
the Board's long-term measurement objectives for accounting for financial
instruments. This Statement is effective as of the beginning of an entity's
first fiscal year that begins after November 15, 2007. The Company is currently
evaluating the effect of this pronouncement on financial statements.

44

CHINA ORGANIC AGRICULTURE, INC.
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 DECEMBER 31, 2007

Note 2 -PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIPMENT

As of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, Property, plant & equipment
consist of the following:

 12/31/2007 12/31/2006
 ----------- -----------

 Construction in progress 793,557 --

 Machinery & equipment 285,959 240,203

 Real property 579,989 579,988

 Transportation equipment 61,302 48,575
 ----------- -----------

 Total property, plant & equipment 1,720,807 868,766

 Accumulated depreciation (215,024) (147,038)
 ----------- -----------
 Net property, plant & equipment 1,505,783 721,728
 =========== ===========

During the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, depreciation expense was 
68,986 and 59,863, respectively.

Note 3 - INTANGIBLE ASSETS

As of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, Intangible assets consist of the
following:

 12/31/2007 12/31/2006
 ----------- -----------

 Purchased land rights 3,613,293 3,613,293

 Accumulated amortization (308,517) (169,073)
 ----------- -----------

 Intangible assets 3,304,776 3,444,220
 =========== ===========

During the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, amortization expense was
 139,444 and 136,039 respectively.

The estimated future amortization expenses related to intangible assets as of
December 31, 2007 are as follows:

 2008 140,112
 2009 140,112
 2010 140,112
 2011 140,112
 2012 140,112
 Thereafter 2,604,216

45

CHINA ORGANIC AGRICULTURE, INC.
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 DECEMBER 31, 2007

Note 4 - COMPENSATED ABSENCES

Regulation 45 of local labor law entitles employees to annual vacation leave
after 1 year of service. In general all leave must be utilized annually, with
proper notification. Any unutilized leave is cancelled.

Note 5 - INCOME TAXES

The Company's subsidiary, Jilin Province ErMaPao Green Rice Ltd, is governed by
the Income Tax Laws of the People's Republic of China ("PRC"). Pursuant to the
PRC Income Tax Laws, the Enterprise Income Tax (EIT) is at a statutory rate of
33 , which is comprised of 30 national income tax and 3 local income tax.
However, companies in the agricultural sector within the PRC typically receive
an exemption from income tax. The Company has received a Notice of Exemption
from income taxes and has no further information regarding if or when this
exemption might be withdrawn.

Note 6 - COMMITMENTS

The Company leases facilities and equipment under operating leases that have
expired, but continue on a month to month basis. Rental expenses were 31,585
for the year ended December 31, 2007. The Company has no future minimum
obligations as of December 31, 2007.

In May, 2007, China Organic Agriculture Inc. entered into a Fixed Price Standby
Equity Distribution Agreement (the "Agreement") with six potential investors
(the "Investors"). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company could, at its
discretion, periodically sell to the Investors up to 20 million shares of the
Company's common stock, par value .001 per share, for a total purchase price of
up to 21 million (a per share purchase price of 1.05 per share). The
Investors' obligation to purchase shares of common stock under the Agreement was
subject to certain conditions, including the Company obtaining an effective
registration statement for the resale of the common stock sold under the
Agreement.

The commitment period under the Agreement was to commence on the earlier to
occur of (i) the date that the Registration Statement is declared effective by
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Effective Date"), or (ii) such
earlier date as the Company and the Investors may mutually agree in writing.

The commitment period under the Agreement was to expire on the earliest to occur
of (i) the date on which the Investors have purchased an aggregate amount of 20
million shares of our common stock under the Agreement, (ii) the date occurring
eighteen months after the Effective Date, or (iii) the date the Agreement is
earlier terminated as defined in the agreement. No sale or distribution of stock
under this Agreement has been made. See Note 13 - Subsequent Events

Note 7 - STATUTORY RESERVE

In accordance with the laws and regulations of the PRC, 10 of the wholly-owned
Foreign Invested Enterprises income, after the payment of the PRC income taxes,
shall be allocated to the statutory reserve fund until the balance reaches 50 
of registered capital. Prior to January 1, 2006, an additional 5-10 was to be
allocated to a statutory public affair fund. Effective January 1, 2006, there is
now only the statutory reserve fund requirement. As of December 31, 2007 the
statutory reserve fund had exceeded 50 of registered capital and thus no
further allocation is required.

Statutory reserve funds are restricted for set off against losses, expansion of
production and operation or increase in register capital of the respective
company. The statutory public welfare fund is restricted to the capital
expenditures for the collective welfare of employees. These reserves are not
transferable in the form of cash dividends, loans or advances. These reserves
are therefore not commonly available for distribution

46

CHINA ORGANIC AGRICULTURE, INC.
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 DECEMBER 31, 2007

Note 7 - STATUTORY RESERVE (Continued)

As of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, the Company had allocated
 824,168 to these non-distributable reserve funds.

Note 8 - CURRENT VULNERABILITY DUE TO CERTAIN RISK FACTORS

The Company's operations are carried out in the PRC. Accordingly, the Company's
business, financial condition and results of operations may be influenced by the
political, economic and legal environments in the PRC, and by the general state
of the PRC's economy. The Company's business may be influenced by changes in
governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary
measures, currency conversion and remittance abroad, and rates and methods of
taxation, among other things.

Note 9 - PRODUCT MIX AND MAJOR CUSTOMERS

In 2006, approximately 56 of the Company's revenue resulted from the sales of
its "organic" rice and 44 came from the sale of its "green" rice variety. In
2007 there was a significant increase in the sale of the "green" rice, which
made up approximately 85 of the Company's revenue, with the remaining 15 
pertaining to the "organic" rice. The Company had one customer who accounted for
more than 10 of revenues during the year ended December 31, 2007. One customer
accounted for more than 10 of the Company's accounts receivable at December 31,
2007. There was no concentration for purchases or accounts payable.

Note 10 - RELATED PARTIES

The Company became indebted during the year to an affiliate of a related party,
for advances made to third parties on behalf of the Company. As of December 31,
2007 the Company owed 364,865 to such stockholder. The amount is evidenced by
an interest free promissory note payable upon demand.

During 2005 the Company received advances from related third parties totaling
 41,750 which were repaid without interest in 2006.

During 2006 and 2005, the Company utilized office space and office amenities of
a related entity. The Company recorded 900 and 3,600, respectively, for this
as rent expense and considered the amount a contribution of capital.

During the year ended December 31, 2006 the company sold property and equipment
with a net book value of 17,718 to a related party, former shareholder, who
assumed debt of 20,740.

The above terms and amounts are not necessarily indicative of the terms and
amounts that would have been incurred had comparable transactions been entered
into with independent parties.

Note 11 - STOCK WARRANT AND OPTIONS

On April 19, 2007, the Company issued a warrant for 350,000 shares with an
exercise price of 1.50. The warrants were issued for consulting services to be
provided from April 19, 2007 to April 18, 2008. The warrant was exercisable
immediately and expires on April 19, 2009. The holder has no voting or dividend
rights. No warrants were exercised in 2007.

The Company expensed 420,525, representing the fair value of this warrant, as
consulting fees during 2007, the year of vesting. The warrants were valued using
the Black-Scholes option-pricing model at the

47

CHINA ORGANIC AGRICULTURE, INC.
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 DECEMBER 31, 2007

Note 11 - STOCK WARRANT AND OPTIONS (Continued)

date of granting. The fair value of the warrant was calculated assuming 101 
volatility, a term of the warrant of two years, a risk free rate of 2 and a
dividend yield of 0 .

Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company's stock
price. The expected term represents the period of time that the warrants remain
outstanding. No dividend payouts were assumed, as the Company has no plans to
declare dividends during the expected term of the warrants. The risk-free rate
of return reflects the weighted average interest rate offered for zero coupon
treasury bonds over the expected term of the warrants.

 Exercise
 Total Price ) Remaining Life
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OUTSTANDING, December 2006 -
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Granted in 2007 350,000 1.50 475 days
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exercised in 2007 -
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OUTSTANDING, December 2007 350,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Company had no outstanding stock options during 2007 or 2006.

Note 12 - EARNINGS PER SHARE

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per
share for the years ended December 31:

2007 2006
 ----------- -----------
 
Net income for basic and diluted earnings per share 13,492,590 3,431,097

Weighted average shares of common stock for basic earnings per share 51,548,776 51,548,776

Dilutive effect of stock warrants 67,596 --

Adjusted weighted average shares of common stock for diluted
earnings per share 51,616,372 51,548,776

Basic earnings per share 0.26 0.07

Diluted earnings per share 0.26 0.07

48

CHINA ORGANIC AGRICULTURE, INC.
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 DECEMBER 31, 2007

Note 13 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

On December 12 2007, the Company announced that it had entered into a letter of
intent to acquire Dalian Baoshui District Huiming Trading Limited ("Dalian").
The acquisition remains subject to the Company's due diligence. Dalian is
engaged in grain procurement, international and domestic trading, wholesale
sales, and food delivery logistic services. Its main products include soybeans,
corn and cereal crops, which are major products from the Northeast part of
China. Dalian's sales are concentrated in the provinces of Liaoning, Jiling,
Heilongjiang, Sichuan, and Fujian, as well as the cities of Beijing and
Shanghai.

On February 29, 2008, we purchased the Bellisimo Vineyard, a 153-acre operating
vineyard located in Sonoma County, California, for 14,750,000. A portion of the
purchase price, 8,515,000, was paid with funds provided by a commercial US
lender which was granted a first lien on the property. The balance of the
purchase price was financed with third party debt of approximately 6,235,000 on
terms yet to be settled. Bellisimo Vineyard provides Merlot, Chardonnay, and
Cabernet Sauvignon grapes to wineries each year for both red and white wines.

On March 25, 2008, the Company and the group of six investors mutually agreed to
terminate the Fixed Price Standby Equity Distribution Agreement they had entered
in May, 2007. No shares were sold or distributed under the Agreement by, to or
among any of the parties, and none of the parties have any rights remaining
under the Agreement or arising out of the termination of the Agreement.

49

<EX-10.20>
 2
 e603590_ex10-20.htm

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.21>
 4
 e603590_ex10-21.htm

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.22>
 16
 e603590_ex10-22.htm

</EX-10.22>

<EX-21.1>
 29
 e603590_ex21-1.txt
 
 Exhibit 21.1

 Subsidiaries

Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Ownership
- ---- ----------------------------- ---------
 
China Organic Agriculture, Ltd. British Virgin Islands. 100 (direct)

Jilin Songyuan City ErMaPao Green Rice Ltd Peoples Republic of China 100 (indirect)

Jilin Yutian Organic Agriculture Co., Ltd People's Republic of China 100 (indirect)

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31>
 30
 e603590_ex31-1.txt

EXHIBIT 31.1

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 I, __________, President and Chief Executive Officer of China Organic,
Inc. (the "Company"), certify that:

 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the Company for the
year ended December 31, 2007;

 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as
of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) and have:

 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
 disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
 to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
 period in which this report is being prepared;

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
 such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles;

 c. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
 such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles;

 d. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
 and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of
 the end of the period covered by this report based on such
 evaluation; and

 e. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant's fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2007 that has
 materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on
 our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board
 of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
 or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
 record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
 other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
 internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March __, 2008 --------------------------------
 Name:

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 31
 e603590_ex31-2.txt

EXHIBIT 31.2

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 I, ____________________, Chief Financial Officer of China Organic, Inc.
(the "Company"), certify that:

 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the Company for the
year ended December 31, 2007;

 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as
of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) and have:

 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
 disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
 to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
 period in which this report is being prepared;

 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
 such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles;

 c. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
 such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles;

 d. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
 and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of
 the end of the period covered by this report based on such
 evaluation; and

 e. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant's fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2007 that has
 materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
 or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
 record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
 other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
 internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March __, 2008 --------------------------------
 Name:

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 32
 e603590_ex32-1.txt

EXHIBIT 32.1

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

The undersigned, the President and Chief Executive Officer of China Organic,
Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby certify under the standards set forth and
solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the
Company for the year ended December 31, 2007 fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
and information contained in that Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: March __, 2008
 --------------------------------------

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 33
 e603590_ex32-2.txt
 
 EXHIBIT 32.2

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

The undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer of China Organic, Inc. (the
"Company"), does hereby certify under the standards set forth and solely for the
purposes of 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company
for the year ended December 31, 2007 fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information
contained in that Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: March __, 2008
 ------------------------------

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32>

