<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20080124_10-K_edgar_data_796343_0001047469-08-000497.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3362098</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>568009</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>550239</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1140895</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>914065</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001047469-08-000497.hdr.sgml : 20080124
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20080124111553
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001047469-08-000497
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20071130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20080124
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20080124

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ADOBE SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000796343
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				770019522
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-15175
		FILM NUMBER:		08546539

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95110-2704
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4085366000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95110-2704

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 TOqVO65/s7dkfwqssmNcUHWie27xTKhDHC/Xbr+J5+yzGJisXA2rI5Q4moMFyCIt
 xE0mVx/iSBhuFsMskhgoTA==

 0001047469-08-000497.txt : 20080124

10-K
 1
 a2181848z10-k.htm
 10-K

Use these links to rapidly review the document 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Summary of Stock Repurchases for fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005 (in thousands, except average amounts) 

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended November 30, 2007 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from to 

Commission file Number: 0-15175 

ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 77-0019522 
(I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

345 Park Avenue, San Jose, California 95110-2704 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 

(408) 536-6000 
(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share 
 
 The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
(NASDAQ Global Select Market) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes No 

 Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. Yes No 

 Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

 Indicate by checkmark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to
this Form 10-K. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of
"accelerated filer and large accelerated filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated
filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated
filer 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act). Yes No 

 The aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 1,
2007, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was 20,875,448,074 (based on the closing sales price of the registrant's common stock on that date).
Shares of the registrant's common stock held by each officer and director and each person who owns 5 or more of the outstanding common stock of the registrant have been excluded in that such persons
may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. As of December 28, 2007, 568,955,874 shares of the
registrant's common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, were issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 Portions of the Proxy Statement for the 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Proxy Statement"), to be filed within 120 days of the end of the fiscal
year ended November 30, 2007, are incorporated by reference in Part III hereof. Except with respect to information specifically incorporated by reference in this
Form 10-K, the Proxy Statement is not deemed to be filed as part hereof. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 

3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 36 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 43 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 44 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 45 

Item 4. 
 
 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 
 
 46 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

47 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 50 

Item 7. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 51 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 69 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 73 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 120 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 120 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 121 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

122 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 122 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 122 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 122 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 123 

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

123 

Signatures 

124 

Summary of Trademarks 
 
 126 

Exhibits 
 
 128 

2 

Forward-Looking Statements 

 In addition to historical information, this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, including
statements regarding product plans, future growth and market opportunities which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking
statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this section under "Risk Factors". You should carefully review the risks
described herein and in other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q to be filed in
2008. When used in this report, the words "expects," "could," "would," "may," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "targets," "estimates," "looks for," "looks to," and similar
expressions, as well as statements regarding our focus for the future, are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to the forward-looking statements or
reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

 Founded in 1982, Adobe Systems Incorporated is one of the largest and most diversified software companies in the world. We offer a line of creative, business and
mobile software and services used by creative professionals, designers, knowledge workers, high-end consumers, original equipment manufacturer ("OEM") partners, developers and enterprises
for creating, managing, delivering and engaging with compelling content and experiences across multiple operating systems, devices and media. We distribute our products through a network of
distributors and dealers, value-added resellers ("VARs"), systems integrators, independent software vendors ("ISVs") and OEMs,
direct to end users and through our own Web site at www.adobe.com. We also license our technology to hardware manufacturers, software developers and service providers, and we offer integrated software
solutions to businesses of all sizes. We have operations in the Americas, Europe, Middle East and Africa ("EMEA") and Asia. Our software runs on personal computers with Microsoft Windows, Apple OS,
Linux, UNIX and various non-PC platforms, depending on the product. 

 Adobe
was originally incorporated in California in October 1983 and was reincorporated in Delaware in May 1997. We maintain executive offices and principal facilities at
345 Park Avenue, San Jose, California 95110-2704. Our telephone number is 408-536-6000. We maintain a Web site at www.adobe.com. Investors can obtain
copies of our SEC filings from this site free of charge, as well as from the SEC Web site at www.sec.gov. 

BUSINESS OVERVIEW 

 For more than 25 years, Adobe software and technologies have helped redefine how people engage with ideas and information anytime, anywhere and
through any medium. The impact of our solutions is evident across many industries and is felt by anyone who creates, views and interacts with information. 

 Today,
through the delivery of powerful design, imaging and publishing software for print, Web and dynamic media production, and by delivering a technology platform, we help people
express, share, manage and collaborate on their ideas in imaginative and meaningful new ways. 

Our
strategy is to address the needs of a variety of customers which include creative professionals graphic designers, Web designers, videographers, photographers and
professional publishers; knowledge workers teams of workers who share and collaborate on high-value information; enterprise users IT managers, line of business
managers and executives; high-end consumers digital imaging and digital 

 3 

video
hobbyists and enthusiasts; application developers and OEM partners such as mobile device manufacturers, printer manufacturers, Internet service providers and developers. 

We
execute against this strategy by delivering products that support industry standards and can be deployed across multiple computing environments. We also leverage our technology
platform which utilizes our universal Adobe Reader and Adobe Flash Player software and our new Adobe AIR software, formerly Adobe Integrated Runtime ("Adobe AIR") which enables developers to build and
deploy rich Internet applications to the desktop. Our technology platform allows users of our products
and technologies to ensure reliable, secure and rich application experiences across desktops, browsers and devices. 

PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OVERVIEW 

 In fiscal 2007, we categorized our products and services into the following segments: Creative Solutions, Knowledge Worker Solutions, Enterprise and Developer
Solutions, Mobile and Device Solutions and Other. Effective in the first quarter of fiscal 2008, we will combine Knowledge Worker Solutions and Enterprise and Developer Solutions to create a new
segment called Business Productivity Solutions. As part of this realignment, we will move responsibility for Flex Builder, the Flex Software Development Kit ("SDK") and our ColdFusion product line to
our Platform Business Unit. Accordingly, we have adjusted the categorization of our products and services into the following segments: Creative Solutions, Business Productivity Solutions, Mobile and
Device Solutions and Other. Additionally, in the first quarter of fiscal 2008, we will rename Print and Classic Publishing Business Unit to Print Publishing Business Unit. This overview, organized by
new segments, combines an explanation of our various market opportunities with a summary of our fiscal 2007 results and a discussion of our strategies to address our market opportunities in fiscal
2008 and beyond. 

 Creative Solutions Segment 

Creative Solutions Market Opportunity 

 Our Creative Solutions segment focuses primarily on the needs of the creative professional customer. Creative professionals include graphic designers, production
artists, Web designers and developers, user interface designers, writers, videographers, photographers and prepress professionals who use and rely on Adobe's solutions for professional publishing, Web
design and development, professional photography, video production, animation and motion graphic production and printing visually rich information. 

 Our
software tools are used by creative professionals to create much of the printed and on-line information people see and read every day, including newspapers, magazines,
Web sites, catalogs, advertisements, brochures, product documentation, books, memos, reports and banners. Our tools are also used to create and enhance visually rich content, including video,
animation and mobile content, that is created by multimedia, film, television, audio and video producers who work in advertising, Web design, music, entertainment, corporate and marketing
communications, product design, user interface design, sales training, printing, architecture and fine arts. Knowledge
workers, hobbyists and high end consumers are also attracted to our creative products to create and deliver content that is of creative professional quality. 

 Our
offerings in the creative solutions market extend to real-time rich media solutions which give business users the control to upload, manage, enhance and publish dynamic
rich content with minimal IT support. Our offerings also extend to the delivery of rich media through streaming media and a flexible development environment for creating and delivering innovative,
interactive media applications. Our media products and services enable broadcasters, events organizers and marketers to reach the broadest possible audience via a rich Flash platform. 

 4 

As
technology continues to improve, the market dynamics for these creative professionals continue to evolve. Due to the ever changing ways in which people choose to receive information,
creative professionals look to their software tools as a means to make their information impactful and to repurpose content across a variety of media and applications. They desire greater efficiency
from the software they use to streamline their publishing and content creation workflows and to effectively manage their assets. They also look for new and innovative ways to deliver their content and
information to hand-held devices such as mobile handsets and consumer electronic devices. 

 Adobe's
brand and customer loyalty in this market continues to be strong. Creative professional customers license upgrades and new units of our Creative Solutions products due to the
high degree of innovative new features and significant productivity gained through their use. They also frequently purchase license upgrades and new units of these products when they buy new
computers, or migrate to new or updated operating systems. 

 In
addition, knowledge workers at work and hobbyists at home license our Creative Solutions products. Knowledge workers desire professional-quality products to accomplish tasks such as
creating visually-rich sales presentations, engineering or architectural proposals, real estate flyers and school year books. Hobbyists use our tools to create distinctive online
communications and photo albums, community newsletters, Web blogs, animations, videos and Web sites for family, friends or community organizations. 

With
the increasing use of the Web as a means for marketing and advertising, we believe a key driver of our Creative Solutions business will also be the growing amount of Web site and
mobile device content created by our customers to deliver impactful and compelling Web-based experiences for their constituents. 

 Another
driver of our Creative Solutions business is the growth in the use of digital devices such as digital cameras, digital video cameras, multimedia-enabled computers, DVD players,
scanners, Web-capable image and video-enabled handheld devices, cellular phones, gaming consoles and other non-PC Internet-connected devices. In addition, Internet broadband
adoption makes the Web a viable platform for the delivery of rich media, especially digital video. In turn, the growth in the use of high definition ("HD") televisions and video is driving the need
for HD-enhanced video tools to produce HD content for movies, and cable and commercial television, as well as the need to deliver or repurpose this content to be viewed on the Web. 

 As
the use of digital photography and digital videography grows, we believe creative professionals and professional photographers throughout the world will continue to require software
solutions to edit, enhance and manage their digital photographs and digital videos. Increasingly, we expect these users to desire software solutions which leverage the Web as a platform to deliver the
capabilities of some or all of the features they desire in desktop software. In addition, we believe creative professionals and Web developers are increasing their use of digital video streams over
the Web to create more compelling Web sites that leverage the adoption of broadband. We believe professional videographers are upgrading their systems to support HD video content creation, enhancement
and delivery. We also believe hobbyists will use, with more frequency, digital imaging and digital video software and online hosted software services as they purchase more affordable digital cameras
and digital video cameras. 

 Creative Solutions Business Summary 

 In fiscal 2007, we maintained our focus on driving adoption of our creative products, particularly our Adobe Creative Suite family of products. During the year,
we launched the largest product release in our history with the release of Adobe Creative Suite version 3 ("CS3"). CS3 incorporates Adobe technologies used by creative professionals into six
Creative Suite editions, providing offerings for the various creative disciplines our customers desire. 

 5 

The
CS3 family of products includes enhanced features which allow users to work more efficiently, improve product integration among the various technologies within the Creative Suite
products and integrate workflow and collaboration capabilities. The family of products also includes support for the newest operating systems and hardware platforms, including Microsoft's Vista
operating system and Apple's new Macintosh hardware which utilize Intel-based processors. 

 During
fiscal 2007, in addition to licensing our technologies as part of the six Creative Suite offerings, we continued to focus on adoption of our stand-alone products by delivering new
versions of 13
individual creative products. In the second and third quarters of fiscal 2007, we delivered new versions of products such as Adobe After Effects, Adobe Contribute, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Encore,
Adobe Fireworks, Adobe Flash, Adobe InCopy, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Premiere Pro. We also released a new audio tool called Adobe Soundbooth. 

With
the initial launch of CS3 in our second quarter of fiscal 2007, we achieved record Creative Solutions revenue in successive quarters beginning with the launch quarter and continuing
through the end of the fiscal year. This was achieved through broad adoption of our new offerings, driven by positive industry reviews and strong demand for the capabilities of the newly launched
products. 

 As
part of the CS3 launch, we maintained our focus during the year on meeting the digital imaging and video software needs of professional photographers, professional videographers,
business users and hobbyists. Adobe Photoshop is an essential tool in these customers' workflows, and they rely on Adobe's digital imaging and video editing solutions to create and enhance many of the
pictures and video we see everyday in print, on television, in movies and on the Web. The release of Adobe Photoshop CS3 in the second quarter of fiscal 2007 included many new desirable features and
received positive industry reviews. At the same time, we also delivered a new, advanced version called Adobe Photoshop CS3 Extended Edition which added measurement and analysis tools,
three-dimensional ("3D") visualization and texture editing and video feature capabilities to the product family. 

 Earlier
in the year, we added another product to the Photoshop family called Adobe Photoshop Lightroom. Photoshop Lightroom version 1.0 was released in the first quarter of fiscal
2007, and quickly became the leading digital imaging solution targeted at professional photographers that delivers an efficient, powerful way to import, select, develop and showcase large volumes of
digital images. Combined, Photoshop CS3, Photoshop CS3 Extended Edition and Photoshop Lightroom achieved strong market adoption and revenue results during the year. 

 In
the dynamic media market, which includes users who require new and advanced digital video and animation technologies, we continued to focus on driving adoption of our new digital
video-based technologies. As part of the CS3 launch, we released new versions of our dynamic media products in the third quarter of fiscal 2007. A key part of this release was the delivery of our new
Adobe Creative Suite Production Premium suite for both Windows and Macintosh platforms. In addition to various new features and ease-of-use improvements found in each of the
new versions of the individual products, we improved support for output of video for the Flash Player ("FLV") in our family of digital video products to leverage the broad, increased adoption of FLV
on the Web as a means to deliver compelling video content. These new features, combined with the enhanced FLV support and increased adoption of our Flash Media Server solution which customers use to
stream FLV over the Web, helped drive record revenue and more than 19 year-over-year growth for our dynamic media business in fiscal 2007. Looking to continue this momentum,
we announced Adobe Flash Media Server 3 in September 2007 and we expect it will be broadly available in 2008. 

 In
the professional page layout market, we continued to drive market share gains during the year with our Adobe InDesign product. In addition to success with the stand-alone desktop
version, we also saw the InDesign ecosystem grow in fiscal 2007 our software and systems integrator partners successfully deployed new innovative workflow solutions based on InDesign and
InDesign Server within enterprise-class newspaper, magazine and book publishing systems. Similarly, in the Web layout and Web 

 6 

development
markets, and in the illustration markets, we achieved strong revenue results driven respectively by the delivery of new versions of our Adobe Dreamweaver and Adobe Illustrator products.
Our success in these areas contributed to record annual revenue in these product categories. 

In
the second quarter of fiscal 2007, we acquired Scene7 Inc. ("Scene7"), a leading provider of hosted, on-demand, rich media delivery services. Scene7 provides
businesses an easy-to-use, Web-based system to upload, manage, enhance and publish dynamic rich content and Scene7 solutions are utilized by many online retailers
such as Sears, Macy's, Levi Strauss Co., Anthropologie, OTTO UK, Lands' End and QVC. 

 During
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007, we released version 6.0 of our Adobe Photoshop Elements software which is our digital imaging application targeted for amateur
photographers and digital imaging hobbyists. In the same quarter, we released version 4.0 of Adobe Premiere Elements software which is our video editing software that can be used by hobbyists
to enhance and share their digital video memories on DVDs. We also released a software bundle that includes the new versions of Adobe Photoshop Elements and Adobe Premiere Elements to target hobbyists
who desire both applications in one affordable package. These new hobbyist product releases helped to generate record revenue in this product category during the year, and contributed
year-over-year revenue growth to our overall creative business. 

 Creative Solutions Business Strategy 

 In fiscal 2008, our Creative Solutions strategy will continue to focus on driving revenue growth and increasing market share of our products through the delivery
of comprehensive software solutions that meet the evolving needs of our customers. To help drive this strategy, we will continue to market the benefits of our Creative Suite family of products while
our engineering teams work on future product versions with a focus on improved integration between our products, as well as enhanced functionality, and more efficient collaboration and workflow
capabilities. 

 We
believe that, while many customers have made or will make the switch to our Creative Suite products from individual applications over time, there continues to exist an opportunity of
upgrading existing individual users to newer versions of these products. In addition, we will market the benefits of newer versions of the Creative Suite to existing users to drive upgrades. We also
will market the
features of these products to new users of creative applications those who aspire to be creative professionals, or those at home or at work who wish to use the professional-level
capabilities of our solutions, but are not trained creative professionals. 

 We
intend to continue our efforts to be the recognized market leader in the professional page layout, Web layout and illustration software markets. In page layout, we plan to add new
features to our InDesign product, as well as continue to enhance its integration with other products print professionals utilize in their workflows. In Web layout, we strive to continue to redefine
the Web experience by offering the most feature-rich, market-leading solutions for Website design and development with our Dreamweaver and Flash offerings. In illustration, we will
continue to innovate and develop new capabilities which we believe will preserve our Illustrator product as a leading graphics creation solution. 

 We
plan to continue to work on enhancements for our Photoshop and Photoshop Extended product offerings to meet the evolving needs of professional photographers, creative professional
customers (including graphic designers, Web designers, and video producers), imaging enthusiasts and users in new markets such as engineering and medical imaging to drive upgrades and new user
adoption. We also plan to add new capabilities to Adobe Photoshop Lightroom, our digital photography workflow tool for professional photographers. In addition, we continue to believe many customers
will license the Photoshop product capabilities via our Creative Suite products as opposed to licensing the stand-alone versions. 

 With
our set of professional digital video and motion graphic products, we strive to provide the market-leading, end-to-end digital video, motion graphic and
animation platform for our customers. To 

 7 

grow
this business, we will continue to market the advanced features, the cross-platform and cross-device capabilities, and the workflow benefits of this platform to creative professionals and
videographers in the film, broadcast, corporate and event videography market segments. We are also enhancing our Flash Media Server solution to deliver the highest quality video streaming capability,
and we are working with partners to deliver integrated video systems and video delivery services. With broad adoption of Adobe Flash Player and its high-quality video playback features, we
will continue to work on advancing our seamless video authoring-to-playback workflow capability for those wishing to provide a rich video experience on the Web and to mobile
devices. 

 To
further our initiatives in digital video and motion graphics, we are extending our leadership position in Web video by enabling the delivery of HD television quality and premium audio
content through the Adobe Flash Player. With new support for H.264 standard video (the same standard deployed in Blu-Ray and HD-DVD high definition video players) and High
Efficiency AAC audio support, as well as hardware accelerated, multi-core enhanced full screen video playback, we believe we can improve customer workflows by enabling the creation and
repurpose of high-quality Web video content. We also intend to release a generally available
version of our new Adobe Media Player which enables viewers of video to enjoy content from broadcast television and Web video providers, giving them control to watch their favorite shows both online
and offline in an engaging, customized video experience. We plan to work closely with partners who will support and offer solutions based on the new player, that will help enable new ways to brand,
distribute, monetize, protect and measure media. In addition, as the number of hobbyists desiring easy-to-use video editing solutions grows, we intend to enhance the video
editing and DVD creation capabilities of our Adobe Premiere Elements and Adobe Premiere Express products for the sharing of digital video memories. 

 With
our Scene7 solutions, we intend to market their capabilities to help customers automate the production and availability of rich media experiences, including zoom, dynamic sizing,
personalization and interactive dynamic product catalogs. In addition, we believe Scene7 will help Adobe build out a robust Internet infrastructure, allowing us to further develop Scene7's
brand-name customer list and accelerate the online availability of Adobe technologies used by millions of creative professional and hobbyist users. 

 Creative Solutions Products 

 Adobe After Effects Professional software used to create sophisticated animation, motion graphics and visual effects found in television broadcast,
film, DVD authoring and the Web; provides 2D and 3D compositing, animation and visual effects tools, as well as advanced features such as motion tracking and stabilization, advanced keying and warping
tools, more than 30 additional visual effects and additional audio effects. 

 Adobe
Audition a professional audio editing environment designed for demanding audio and video professionals; provides advanced audio mixing, editing and effects processing
capabilities. 

 Adobe
Creative Suite Design Premium an integrated software solution that creative professionals can use as a platform for print, Web and mobile content publishing; combines
Adobe Acrobat Professional, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Flash Professional, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign and Adobe Photoshop Extended technologies with file management and integration technology
called Version Cue, a navigational control center called Adobe Bridge, a new feature called Adobe Device Central which allows users to produce innovative and compelling content for a broad range of
mobile phones and consumer electronics devices, and Adobe Acrobat Connect Web conferencing software that enables users to instantly communicate and collaborate through
easy-to-use, easy-to-access online personal meeting rooms. 

 Adobe
Creative Suite Design Standard an integrated software solution that creative professionals can utilize for professional design and print production, page layout, image
editing, illustration and Adobe PDF workflows; combines Adobe Acrobat Professional, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign and Adobe Photoshop technologies with file management and integration technology
called Version Cue, a 

 8 

navigational
control center called Adobe Bridge, a new feature called Adobe Device Central which allows users to produce innovative and compelling content for a broad range of mobile phones and
consumer electronics devices, and Adobe Acrobat Connect Web conferencing software that enables users to instantly communicate and collaborate through easy-to-use,
easy-to-access online personal meeting rooms. 

 Adobe
Creative Suite Web Premium an integrated software solution that provides creative professionals a complete solution for creating interactive Websites, applications,
user interfaces, presentations, mobile device content and other digital experiences; allows users to prototype Web projects, design Web site assets, build Web experiences and efficiently maintain and
update Web content; combines Adobe Acrobat Professional, Adobe Contribute, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Fireworks, Adobe Flash Professional, Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Photoshop Extended technologies
with file management and integration technology called Version Cue, a navigational control center called Adobe Bridge, a new feature called Adobe Device Central which allows users to produce
innovative and compelling content for a broad range of mobile phones and consumer electronics devices, Adobe Acrobat Connect Web conferencing software that enables users to instantly communicate and
collaborate through easy-to-use, easy-to-access online personal meeting rooms, and Adobe Dynamic Link which enables intermediate rendering for a smother
workflow between video production tools. 

 Adobe
Creative Suite Web Standard an integrated software solution that provides a basic toolkit for Web designers and developers to prototype, design, develop, and maintain
Websites, Web applications, interactive Web experiences and mobile content; combines Adobe Contribute, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Fireworks and Adobe Flash Professional technologies with file management
and integration technology called Version Cue, a navigational control center called Adobe Bridge, a new feature called Adobe Device Central which allows users to produce innovative and compelling
content for a broad range of mobile phones and consumer electronics devices, and Adobe Acrobat Connect Web conferencing software that enables users to instantly communicate and collaborate through
easy-to-use, easy-to-access online personal meeting rooms. 

 Adobe
Creative Suite Production Premium an integrated software solution that provides creative professionals a complete post-production solution consisting of
video, audio and design tools that can be utilized to create and deliver content to film, video, DVD, Blu-ray Disc, the Web and mobile devices; combines Adobe After Effects Professional,
Adobe Encore, Adobe Flash Professional, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop Extended, Adobe Premiere Pro and Adobe Soundbooth technologies with a navigational control center called Adobe Bridge, a new
feature called Adobe Device Central which allows users to produce innovative and compelling content for a broad range of mobile phones and consumer electronics devices, Adobe
Acrobat Connect Web conferencing software that enables users to instantly communicate and collaborate through easy-to-use, easy-to-access online
personal meeting rooms, and Adobe Dynamic Link which enables intermediate rendering for a smoother workflow between video production tools. 

 Adobe
Creative Suite Master Collection an integrated software solution which provides all the tools creative professionals require to create content for every design
discipline in one offering; provides capabilities for professional page layout, image editing, vector illustration, print production, Website design/development, rich interactive content creation,
visual effects and motion graphics, video capture/editing/production, DVD titling and digital audio production; includes Adobe Acrobat Professional, Adobe After Effects Professional, Adobe Contribute,
Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Encore, Adobe Fireworks, Adobe Flash Professional, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Photoshop Extended, Adobe Premiere Pro and Adobe Soundbooth technologies, Version
Cue, Adobe Bridge, Adobe Device Central, Adobe Acrobat Connect and Adobe Dynamic Link. 

 Adobe
Dreamweaver a professional software development application used by designers and developers to create a broad range of Web solutions for publishing online commerce,
customer service and 

 9 

online
educational content; includes capabilities for visually designing HTML pages, coding HTML and application logic and working with application server technologies. 

 Adobe
Encore professional DVD authoring and creation software; provides a comprehensive set of design tools and integration with other Adobe software to create a streamlined
DVD creation workflow; provides ability to output projects to recordable DVD formats, ensuring a wide degree of playback compatibility. 

 Adobe
Fireworks a professional graphics design tool for building interactive Web graphics; gives professional designers and developers tools for creating images that can be
deployed to Web browsers and the Adobe Flash Player; integrates with Adobe Flash and Adobe Dreamweaver. 

 Adobe
Flash Media Interactive Server a new configuration of our streaming media capabilities to deliver secure, high-quality video on demand, video blogging and
messaging, Web conferencing and live video capabilities that can be viewed via the Flash Player; provides a flexible development environment for creating and delivering interactive media applications;
utilized by many industries, including media and entertainment, telecommunications, advertising, government and education. 

Adobe
Flash Media Streaming Server a new, lower-cost version of our streaming media capabilities that can be used to deliver live streaming and
video-on-demand streaming; configured for lower volume streaming of content that is suitable for small- and medium- size streaming needs. 

 Adobe
Flash Professional provides an advanced development environment for creating Internet applications which integrate animations, motion graphics, sound, text and
additional video functionality; solutions built with Adobe Flash Professional are deployed via the Web to browsers and to devices that run Adobe Flash Player. 

Adobe
GoLive Web design and publishing software that provides innovative tools that Web authors use to design, layout, produce and maintain content for Web sites and wireless
Web devices without the need for complex multimedia programming. 

 Adobe
Graphics Server imaging server software used to create and maintain digital graphics and images on frequently updated data-driven content, such as Web sites
and printed catalogs, by automating the creation and the reuse of images; integrates with content management and e-commerce systems to automate workflows, and eliminates the tedious manual
tasks of refining and reformatting images for specific purposes. 

 Adobe
Illustrator a vector-based illustration design tool used to create compelling graphic artwork for print publications and the Web. 

 Adobe
InCopy an editorial tool for collaboration between writers, editors and copy-fitters; Adobe InCopy is a companion to Adobe InDesign. 

 Adobe
Kuler a Web-hosted application designed to work as a stand-alone application, and, to complement Adobe Creative Suite by enabling color palette exploration,
inspiration, experimentation and sharing. 

 Adobe
InDesign a page-layout application for publishing professionals; based on an open, object-oriented architecture it enables Adobe and its industry partners
to deliver powerful publishing solutions for magazine, newspaper and other publishing applications. 

 Adobe
InDesign Server technology for third-party systems integrators and developers to use for building design-driven, server-based publishing solutions; brings the
innovative design and typography features of InDesign software to the server platform and enables Adobe partners to provide
new levels of automation and efficiency in high-end editorial workflows, collateral creation, variable data publishing and Web-based design solutions. 

 10 

Adobe OnLocation direct-to-disk recording and monitoring software which helps generate superior quality video from an SD or HD camera connected to a
laptop computer; formerly called DV Rack. 

 Adobe
Photoshop provides photo design, enhancement and editing capabilities for print, the Web and multi-media; used by graphic designers, professional photographers, Web
designers, professional publishers and video professionals, as well as amateur photographers and digital imaging hobbyists. 

 Adobe
Photoshop Extended provides the capabilities of Adobe Photoshop, plus additional tools for editing 3D and motion-based content, and performing image analysis; targeted
for: film, video and multimedia professionals; graphic and Web designers using 3D and motion; manufacturing professionals; medical professionals; architects and engineers; and scientific researchers. 

Adobe
Photoshop Elements offers powerful yet easy-to-use photo editing functionality plus intuitive organizing, printing and sharing capabilities for
amateur photographers and hobbyists who want to create professional-quality images for print and the Web. 

 Adobe
Photoshop Express a new Web-hosted application licensed to media portals for photo editing and sharing that utilizes Adobe's award-winning imaging
technologies. 

 Adobe
Photoshop Lightroom software designed for professional photographers, it addresses their unique photography workflow needs by providing more efficient and powerful ways
to import, select, develop and showcase large volumes of digital images. 

 Adobe
Premiere Elements a powerful yet easy-to-use video-editing software for home video editing; provides tools for hobbyists to quickly edit and
enhance video footage with fun effects and transitions and create custom DVDs for sharing video with friends and family. 

 Adobe
Premiere Express new Adobe video remix and video editing software licensed to media portals such as MTV.com, Photobucket and YouTube to provide consumers with embedded
access to industry leading Adobe video editing and enhancement technologies. 

 Adobe
Premiere Pro professional digital video-editing software used to create broadcast-quality content for video, film, DVD, multimedia and streaming over the Web. 

 Adobe
Soundbooth a new application that provides video editors, designers and others who do not specialize in audio with the tools that they need to accomplish audio-based
tasks in their everyday work, such as removing noise from recordings, polishing voiceovers and customizing music to fit a video or animation production. 

Adobe
Stock Photos a service that allows users of Adobe Creative Suite products to purchase stock photography directly from leading agencies. 

 Adobe
Ultra software used to transform digital video and HD keying into a practical daily production tool for all types of video professional users. 

 Adobe
Visual Communicator software used to create newscast-style video presentations that can be delivered via email, CD, DVD, PowerPoint or live over the Internet. 

 Flash
Video Streaming Service either through direct sales, or together with leading content delivery network ("CDN") providers, Adobe offers hosted services for streaming
on-demand Flash across high-performance networks; built with Adobe Flash Media Server, Flash Video Streaming Service provides an effective way to deliver FLV to large audiences
without the overhead of setting up and maintaining streaming server hardware and network. 

 Ovation software
which allows users to enhance Microsoft PowerPoint slides into a richer visual experience to help deliver more impactful information, presentations and
messages. 

 11 

Scene7
On-Demand provides an easy-to-use, Web-based system to upload, manage, enhance and publish dynamic rich content; used
by many leading online retail Websites to automate the production and availability of rich media experiences, including zoom, dynamic sizing, personalization and interactive dynamic product catalogs. 

 Vlog
It! software which allows users to easily create dynamic video blogs containing photos, audio, video clips and narration. 

Business Productivity Solutions Segment 

 Effective in the first quarter of fiscal 2008, to better align our engineering and marketing efforts with our business development and
go-to-market sales model in our global field organization, we merged our Knowledge Worker Business Unit with our Enterprise and Developer Business Unit to form our new Business
Productivity Business Unit. As part of this realignment, we moved responsibility for Flex Builder, the Flex SDK and our ColdFusion product line to our Platform Business Unit to more effectively
coordinate those initiatives with our broader platform strategy. 

The
focus of our Business Productivity Business Unit is to provide solutions which meet the needs of enterprises to improve their productivity, help automate business processes, improve
collaboration and reduce time-to-market and costs. 

 Knowledge Worker Market Opportunity 

 As part of our Business Productivity Solutions focus, we address the needs of the knowledge worker customer who we define as someone focused on creating and
disseminating high-value information as part of their job on a regular basis. Knowledge workers include a wide variety of job functions such as accountants, administrative
assistants, executives, architects, educators, engineers, graphic designers, insurance underwriters, software developers and stock analysts just to name a few. These jobs typically require
the sharing of information, either in an information dissemination (one-way) format, or in a collaborative (multi-way) format. 

 Knowledge
workers must create information and content from a variety of software applications, and be able to exchange this information within a reliable format that ensures coworkers
and constituents can reliably and securely access the information. When appropriate, this information often needs to be protected or securely managed and controlled. 

 Collaboration
among knowledge workers can occur through face-to-face meetings, via phone calls, through e-mail or through Web conferencing
technologies. Knowledge workers that participate in collaborations with their colleagues may be located in offices next door to each other, or in different parts of the world. These team members may
change with every project and either be part of an organization's employee base, or be an external consultant or third party partner. 

 We
believe there is a significant opportunity to provide solutions which enable knowledge workers to communicate and collaborate across technical, geographical and social boundaries,
both inside and outside of their companies. We believe that with such solutions, users can collaborate and efficiently manage feedback from their colleagues in both real time and
on-demand, and control how, when and by whom information is accessed. 

 Since
the early 1990s, our Acrobat family of products has provided for the reliable creation and exchange of electronic documents, regardless of platform or application source type.
Users can collaborate on documents with electronic comments and tailor the security of a file in order to distribute reliable Adobe PDF documents that can be viewed, printed or interacted with
utilizing the free Adobe Reader. Available in different versions which target a variety of user needs, Adobe Acrobat provides essential electronic document capabilities and services to help knowledge
workers accomplish a wide range of ad hoc tasks involving digital documents ranging from simple publications to forms to mission critical 

 12 

engineering
and architectural plans. Although Acrobat has achieved strong market adoption in document-intensive industries such as government, financial services, pharmaceutical, legal, aerospace,
insurance and technical publishing, we believe there are tens of millions of users who require capabilities such as those provided by Acrobat who have not yet licensed an Acrobat based solution. 

In
addition to sharing and collaborating on documents reliably across disparate platforms with Acrobat, we believe there is an adjacent market opportunity whereby knowledge workers will
increasingly utilize Web conferencing solutions to more effectively collaborate and consult with their colleagues, partners and customers. We also believe businesses will increasingly utilize Web
conferencing to improve how they train, market, sell and support their products and solutions to their customers. 

 Our
Adobe Acrobat Connect provides capabilities via the Adobe Flash Player for live Web conferencing, as well as delivering on-demand rich presentations. By integrating
accessibility to the functionality of Acrobat Connect from Acrobat and the free Adobe Reader, we believe we can extend adoption of Web conferencing to a broader potential market and grow the use of
such technology with an easy-to-adopt business model. 

 Knowledge Worker Business Summary 

 Our business targeting knowledge workers achieved record revenue and solid year-over-year growth in fiscal 2007. The largest component of
this business was revenue generated by our Acrobat family of products, driven by continued adoption of Adobe Acrobat version 8.0 throughout the year. 

The
version 8 product family offers enhanced features that allow workgroups to manage a range of essential business activities such as assembling documents from multiple sources,
controlling security and access to sensitive information, enabling the creation and filling out of intelligent electronic forms and more effectively collaborating on documents and projects. In
addition, the Acrobat 8 family of products provides a new user interface and additional functionality to address specific customer workflow issues in vertical markets such as architecture,
engineering, construction, manufacturing, education, government and financial services. These enhanced capabilities helped to continue the increase of our penetration of Acrobat desktop licenses in
enterprises, thereby helping our business to grow. 

 Success
with adoption of our Creative Suite products has also contributed to broader adoption of Acrobat in the creative professional market. Acrobat Professional 8 is included in
four of the six new CS3 products that we began shipping in the second quarter of fiscal 2007, and utilization of Acrobat pre-press, printing and collaboration functionality is a critical
component of creative customer workflows. As such, adoption of Acrobat through the Creative Suite product family has resulted in an increasing amount of Acrobat Professional revenue being reported in
our Creative Solutions Segment during the year. 

 To
supplement our vertical market focus with Acrobat, we shipped an updated version of Adobe Acrobat 3D in the second quarter of fiscal 2007. Acrobat 3D extends document-based 3D design
collaboration capabilities to virtually anyone in the design supply chain from engineers to manufacturers. Acrobat 3D utilizes Adobe PDF as a cross-platform standard to share complex 2D
and 3D content without the need for using proprietary viewing technology for recipients receiving such content. 

 Over
the course of fiscal 2007, we also continued to focus on the Web conferencing market opportunity with our Acrobat Connect product line which is licensed by customers as server-based
software, or licensed as a hosted service that we provide. This approach focuses on charging meeting organizers for the ability to host meetings, and allows for participants to join meetings for free
utilizing the Adobe Flash player. 

 Knowledge Worker Strategy 

 In fiscal 2008, we plan to continue to market the benefits of our knowledge worker solutions to small and medium-sized businesses, large enterprises and
government institutions around the world. With our 

 13 

Acrobat
family of products, we intend to continue to increase our seat penetration in these markets through the utilization of our corporate and volume licensing programs. We also intend to increase
our focus on marketing and licensing Acrobat in vertical markets such as education, financial services, telecommunications, government, manufacturing and the architecture, engineering and construction
markets. 

 We
also plan to deliver new capabilities as part of the Acrobat family of products which focus on creating additional value for users in document-intensive vertical markets which require
more advanced features and solutions. In addition, we intend to provide easier, more broad-based solutions and hosted services to users requiring basic and easy-to-use document
authoring, collaboration and file storage capabilities. 

 With
our Acrobat Connect product, we intend to increase awareness of our solution in targeted horizontal markets such as training and marketing, as well as targeted vertical markets such
as manufacturing, financial services and telecommunications. We also intend to market the benefits of how our Acrobat and Acrobat Connect solutions can be used together to meet the synchronous and
asynchronous collaboration needs in the marketplace. With the broad distribution and reach of our free Adobe Reader, we also intend to expose the capabilities of Acrobat Connect to potentially new
users with a simple-to-adopt business model based on monthly or annual subscription fees. 

Knowledge Worker Products 

 Adobe Acrobat 3D enables collaboration between extended teams of designers and engineers to more securely and reliably communicate, visualize and
document architectural and manufacturing designs using 3D data; allows users to insert and publish 3D designs from major CAD applications in Adobe PDF documents that can easily be shared with
suppliers, partners and customers using the free Adobe Reader software. 

 Adobe
Acrobat Connect a rich Web-based communication system which enables organizations to reduce the costs of travel and increase the effectiveness of online
training,
marketing events, sales meetings and collaborative Web conferencing solutions which are instantly accessible by customers, partners and employees using Adobe Flash Player; consists of a core Connect
Events Server or hosted service, and modules that provide specific application functionality, including Connect Training and Connect Events; can be deployed with either some or all of these components
together; Connect Training allows organizations to build a complete online training system with Microsoft PowerPoint presentations that include surveys, analysis, course administration and content
management; Connect Events allows users to provide seminar and training sessions as well as to conduct business presentations through the Web. 

 Adobe
Acrobat Elements desktop software that enables enterprises to extend the value of their Microsoft Office investment by standardizing on Adobe PDF for reliable document
distribution; provides for the easy conversion of Microsoft Office documents to Adobe PDF, preserving document integrity for reliable viewing and printing on other operating systems and hardware
platforms inside and outside the enterprise's IT firewall. 

 Adobe
Acrobat Messenger software that works with a scanner or digital copier and is designed for workgroups and departments to transform paper documents into electronic Adobe
PDF files and deliver them via e-mail, Web or fax; allows users to preview their documents on-screen, crop or rotate pages and add electronic annotations. 

 Adobe
Acrobat Standard creates secure, reliable and compact Adobe PDF files from desktop authoring applications such as Microsoft Office software, graphics applications and
more; supports automated collaborative workflows with a rich set of commenting tools and review tracking features; includes everything needed to create and distribute rich electronic documents that
can be viewed easily within leading Web browsers or on computer desktops via the free Adobe Reader. 

 14 

Adobe
Acrobat Professional in addition to all the capabilities of Acrobat Standard, Acrobat Professional delivers specialized capabilities for creative professional and
engineering users, such as pre-flighting, color separation and measuring tools. 

Adobe
Document Center a hosted service that enables businesses to secure and manage Adobe PDF files and other common business document files such as those in Microsoft Office
formats. 

 Create
Adobe PDF Online a Web-based subscription service that provides for the easy conversion of Microsoft Office documents and other application files to Adobe
PDF for the secure and reliable sharing of rich electronic documents that can be viewed easily within leading Web browsers or on computer desktops via the free Adobe Reader. 

Enterprise Business Process Opportunity 

 Enterprises are under increasing pressure to save money, offer improved customer service, adhere to regulatory requirements and leverage existing investments in
core systems. As a means to address these issues, a critical component of an organization's business processes is the need to interact with data stored in enterprise applications. As this need expands
beyond the core users of those applications, adapting systems to accommodate a diverse group of users including those within and those external to the organization has become
an expensive and time-consuming endeavor. The outcome is a proliferation of manual workarounds that result in process inefficiencies, delays and poor quality of information. 

In
addition, enterprises have built Web applications which enjoy the reach of the Web but often fail to deliver a user interface with the ease of use and richness that users expect. This
impedes utilization of these applications and increases training costs, reducing the overall return on investment ("ROI") that enterprises expect. Organizations are now looking to Rich Internet
Applications ("RIA") to boost their ROI for these Web applications by combining a rich graphical application interface with the universal reach of the Web. 

 We
believe significant opportunities exist to help enterprises address these issues by making their business processes more efficient and their Web applications more engaging. To address
these opportunities, we offer Adobe LiveCycle solutions to securely extend the reach of information, processes and services to engage with customers and constituents. Our solutions leverage our
technology platform which helps businesses and government agencies inspire commitment in their customers and constituents by engaging them anywhere, anytime and in any medium through our
universal clients and application solutions. 

 Our
technology platform utilizes our universal Adobe Reader and Adobe Flash Player software which ensure reliable, secure and rich application experiences across browsers, desktops and
devices. The technology platform provides developers with an RIA programming model to integrate and optimize workflows and a server software framework to simplify integration and leverage existing
enterprise infrastructures. We also offer services and other software components to accelerate the creation of compelling, relevant and actionable applications, either through RIAs or through
intelligent electronic documents based on Adobe PDF. 

 We
believe our technology platform revolutionizes how enterprises and government agencies present, deliver, consume and interact with information and content. By providing an integrated
client-server
framework, toolset and server-side process orchestration engine for developers, designers and IT organizations, we believe our solutions allow our customers to: 

Engage
their constituents with compelling experiences and intelligent documents providing them with the ability to act upon information or tasks presented to
them for improved and effective collaboration;
 Streamline
and accelerate document-based processes so more work gets done; 
 
 15 

Simplify
the creation and deployment of compelling, relevant and actionable applications;
 Augment
existing enterprise infrastructures to deliver the next level of engagement with their stakeholders;
 Implement
solutions which adhere to security and regulatory compliance requirements;
 Scale
these solutions needs regardless of the size of their constituent populations; and
 Leverage
the Adobe Reader and Adobe Flash Player clients to reach people inside and outside of their organizations, and across all desktops and devices. 

Although
our solutions address the needs of a diverse set of enterprise customers, we focus primarily on key vertical industries such as financial services, government, manufacturing,
life sciences and health
care. For these customers, we offer comprehensive, scalable, secure and reliable server products and tools to develop applications tailored to their specific information and business process
requirements. 

 Adobe
LiveCycle Enterprise Suite ("ES"), newly released in mid-2007, brings together more closely Adobe PDF and Adobe Flash technologies to provide capabilities which allow
businesses and enterprises to more effectively engage customers, constituents, partners and employees in key business processes. LiveCycle ES software is an integrated J2EE server solution that blends
electronic forms, process management, document security and document generation to help create and deliver rich and engaging applications that reduce paperwork, accelerate decision-making and help
ensure regulatory compliance. 

 Key
differentiating features in LiveCycle ES allow developers to build more engaging experiences that scale from paper forms to rich and interactive online applications, protect
sensitive information and extend business processes that span from data capture through process orchestration to document generation inside and outside an organization's firewall. 

A
key enhancement in LiveCycle ES is the fusion of Adobe PDF with our Adobe Flex technologies which utilize the Flash file format and leverage our widely-used Flash Player
technology. With Flex, developers are able to combine the rich user interface of desktop software with the reach and ease of deployment of the Web, and the processing power of desktop computers and
mobile devices. This combination enables the delivery of more complex interactions than are currently supported by the Web browser model. Flex applications extend the server-based object model to
client systems, improving interactivity by eliminating the constant page refreshes and context switches that users frequently experience. As a result, Flex applications enable organizations to provide
users with a dramatically improved experience that supports the manipulation of data and information in ways that are impractical in a traditional browser-based environment. 

 Sample
uses of Adobe Flex applications to streamline business processes within LiveCycle include the following: 

Form
Guides Form Guides are Adobe Flex based wizard-like panels that help guide users through a data capture experience. Form guides can dynamically
change and adapt based on input data to ensure only relevant and accurate data is captured. These rich and engaging experiences help reduce transaction abandonment rates that are prevalent with more
complex data collection interfaces;
 LiveCycle
Workspace ES LiveCycle Workspace provides an intuitive and responsive process dashboard that allows participants in business processes to track,
complete, delegate and monitor tasks. Created as a set of reusable Adobe Flex components, LiveCycle Workspace enables organizations to customize process dashboards for specific end user roles to
optimize productivity; and
 Process
and data integration With Adobe Flex, businesses can consolidate data and information, and align processes to meet the unique needs of internal and
external users. Automated process and 
 
 16 

data
integration can increase accuracy, improve efficiency and enhance customer service through faster response times. 

To
build and deliver enterprise-class RIAs, the following components are required: 

Adobe
LiveCycle Data Services ES an application that acts as the application and services intermediary between LiveCycle RIA applications and the existing
enterprise environment and/or Web services; easily integrating with existing enterprise application servers, and leveraging existing resources and policies for functions such as deployment, session
management and security;
 Industry-standard
Integrated Development Environment ("IDE") Flex applications can be built and tested using Adobe Flex Builder or a third-party IDE such as
Borland JBuilder, Microsoft Visual Studio and others; and
 Adobe
Flash Player client The Adobe Flash Player client runtime application provides the user interface to Flex applications. 

The
other primary component of our LiveCycle ES solutions utilizes Adobe PDF documents which interact with core business applications and integrate information contained in those
documents into business processes. In addition to capturing the necessary fidelity for electronic forms, Adobe PDF documents are "intelligent" they retain the best characteristics of paper
documents, such as a familiar look, but add powerful business logic capabilities such as data calculation and validation and automated routing instructions. In addition, arbitrary data (including
XML-based data) can be embedded inside of intelligent PDF documents for use or access in a business process. These features allow for more efficient interaction with enterprise
applications while still providing the ability for people to manually access and interact with the data when necessary. 

Our
LiveCycle ES products leverage our Adobe Reader software with more than 500 million distributed copies of Adobe Reader, we have created a platform for extending
high value business processes to a wide variety of end users. Adobe Reader is available on the most common operating system platforms free of charge, including Microsoft Windows, Apple Macintosh,
Linux, various Unix-based platforms, and portable device systems such as Palm OS, Pocket PC and the Symbian operating system for cellular phones. As a universal client, Adobe Reader
enables users inside and outside the firewall to interact with intelligent PDF documents on most platforms, including desktops, laptops, PDAs, mobile phones and kiosks, regardless of the application
used to author the document. 

Enterprise Business Process Business Summary 

 In fiscal 2007, we generated record revenue in our enterprise and developer business with Adobe LiveCycle as we continued to achieve strong adoption in targeted
markets such as government and financial services. Our integration with other software vendors' platforms, especially those from SAP AG, helped to further drive adoption during the year as
did adoption of Adobe PDF and Adobe server technologies in markets like insurance and life sciences. With our Adobe Flex solutions, we also achieved strong revenue growth and adoption in key targeted
markets during the year. 

 Enterprise Business Process Strategy 

 In fiscal 2008, we will continue to focus on offering more complete enterprise server-based solutions targeting the document and RIA needs of governments and
enterprises. We wish to help these customers develop and deliver self-service and assisted-service Web-based applications that blend rich user interfaces and documents with
data capture, document collaboration and document generation capabilities that are easy to use. We strive to provide solutions which are customer-centric and help the constituents of our customers
work together on complex processes and bridge the digital and paper-based environments, and do so by providing capabilities that are accessible by anyone, anywhere and on any Web-connected
device. We intend to provide such solutions directly through our consulting services organization, as well as 

 17 

together
with software partners such as SAP AG, and through global systems integrators we partner with that deliver comprehensive solutions to their customers. 

 We
will continue to focus our go-to-market efforts on markets such as financial services, government, manufacturing, and life sciences and work to augment our
sales model
to include more systems integrator partners. We will also work to enhance our solutions offerings through investments in new software as a service capabilities for our enterprise server product
family. 

 Enterprise and Developer Solutions Products 

 Adobe LiveCycle Data Services ES provides enterprise connectivity and data management capabilities for advanced Flex RIAs. LiveCycle Data Services
runs on J2EE application servers and provides messaging, high performance data connectivity and advanced data management that integrate Flex based RIAs into enterprise infrastructure including Web
services, remote Java objects and real-time data and messaging systems. 

 Adobe
LiveCycle Designer ES a desktop software application which simplifies the creation and maintenance of intelligent XML based forms for deployment as Adobe PDF forms,
HTML applications and Flash based RIAs; provides an intuitive, graphical design tool for creating XML templates that look exactly as the author intended, and previewing them before deployment; it also
simplifies adding intelligence to documents, such as business and routing logic, and binding form fields to arbitrary XML schemes for seamless integration with enterprise applications. 

 Adobe
LiveCycle Forms ES offers a range of solutions for deploying intelligent forms that can be completed online or offline, across diverse platforms and devices; identifies
a user's environment to deliver the richest form-filling capabilities supported and integrates with enterprise applications to pre-populate form fields, save captured data and
initiate data-driven workflows. 

 Adobe
LiveCycle Barcoded Forms ES enables organizations to accurately capture user-supplied information from fill-and-print paper forms by
using dynamic 2D barcodes; barcodes are initially set up through creation of the form with Adobe's Designer application; after the form is printed, signed and returned by users of the form, the
barcode on the form is scanned and decoded, and form data obtained from the barcode is routed to the appropriate enterprise application through Adobe's LiveCycle server products. 

Adobe
LiveCycle Digital Signatures ES a server-based software application that helps organizations automate the processing of electronic documents by providing batch-based
capabilities to digitally sign and certify Adobe PDF files, validate digital signatures and encrypt/decrypt Adobe PDF documents; safeguards information when it leaves a company's network and
integrates with existing public key infrastructures. 

 Adobe
LiveCycle Rights Management ES a server-based software application that helps organizations manage information access securely with dynamic, persistent document
control; allows for
access control and auditing of Adobe PDF, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel and CATIA CAD document usage inside or outside the firewall, online or offline and across multiple document platforms; lets
organizations know when a document has been viewed, printed or altered and restricts access so that only intended recipients can open, use and forward a document; allows for previously granted
document permissions and access to be revoked; leverages Adobe Acrobat and Adobe Reader and other client plug-in software to author and view protected documents. 

 Adobe
LiveCycle Reader Extensions ES a server-based software application which lets enterprises easily share interactive Adobe PDF files with external
parties without requiring recipients of the documents to purchase Acrobat software that normally would be necessary to interact with the Adobe PDF files they receive; it unlocks features
on an individual Adobe PDF document so that when such a file is opened in the free Adobe Reader, users have access to tools that normally would not be available in Adobe 

 18 

Reader,
such as reviewing and commenting functions, digital signatures to electronically sign PDF documents and the ability to fill in, submit and save electronic documents locally. 

 Adobe
LiveCycle PDF Generator ES offers server-based conversion of native PostScript, text, image formats, standard office formats and technical drawing formats into Adobe
PDF files; integrates with other LiveCycle products that apply digital rights management, document assembly and process management to converted documents in an automated fashion; generates Adobe PDF
files that comply with the new PDF/A specification for long-term document archives. 

 Adobe
LiveCycle Process Management ES a server-based process management application that allows organizations to design and model business processes, integrate processes to
core business systems and deploy processes with intelligent documents and RIAs. Process Management includes a comprehensive business activity monitoring capability to provide enhanced visibility into
the performance and efficiency of automated business processes, and the LiveCycle Workspace ES user interface. 

Adobe
LiveCycle Production Print ES a server-based, high volume output management solution that allows organizations to create personalized transactional documents such as
statements, contracts, letters, packing slips or welcome kits; generates documents dynamically by merging data from multiple back-end systems with pre-designed templates and
output documents in a wide range of print or electronic formats to help deliver multi-channel communications; the technology is licensed from Streamserve and sold by Adobe. 

 Adobe
Central Pro Output Server a server-based software application for document generation that allows organizations to create personalized, customer-facing documents from
any data source including legacy, line-of-business, ERP or CRM applications; merges data with an electronic document template using a powerful processing engine to
dynamically generate electronic documents such as purchase orders, invoices, statements and checks for delivery via Adobe PDF, the Web, e-mail, fax or print; works with Adobe Output
Designer which is a companion tool used to create sophisticated document templates. 

 Adobe
Output Designer a design tool that allows users to create electronic document templates for use with Adobe solutions for document generation; aids in the creation of
electronic documents that exactly replicate existing paper documents. 

 Adobe
Output Pak for mySAP.com a SAP-certified server-based software application for document generation that enables organizations to optimize their investment
in their SAP solution by creating personalized, professional-looking, customer-facing documents; provides an easy, fast and cost-effective way to create and maintain documents for the SAP
environment; integrates directly with an SAP system to extract information which is merged with a document template that defines the layout and formatting of the document; output can be in a variety
of formats, including Adobe PDF, print, fax, e-mail and the Web. 

 Adobe
Web Output Pak a server-based software application for document generation; creates documents in PDF and HTML for presentation on the Web and in Wireless Markup
Language for presentation to a wireless device; allows users to personalize and control the look of documents based on the data the documents contain. 

 Mobile and Device Solutions Segment 

Mobile and Device Solutions Market Opportunity 

 As hundreds of millions of people around the world adopt Internet-connected hand-held phones and devices as a means to communicate, collaborate and
entertain, as well as consumer electronic devices such as digital cameras, game consoles, music players and electronic educational toys, we believe a significant opportunity exists to offer solutions
for these devices which provide for the creation and delivery of rich content, user interfaces and data services which allow users to engage with information more easily and effectively. 

 19 

Our strategy in addressing the Mobile and Device Solutions market is to license Adobe mobile solutions, including Adobe Flash Player, Adobe Reader LE and Adobe Flash Cast, to device
manufacturers and telecommunications carriers that embed our technology on their platforms, enabling them to provide multimedia content, documents and services to their customers. As Flash Player and
Adobe Reader technology penetrates digital devices and platforms, millions of developers will be able to use our content creation products to create engaging consumer content and rich mobile business
applications. 

 To
support the delivery of content and services in these millions of devices, we offer client-server solutions which leverage the broad deployment of our Flash Player and Adobe Reader
technologies. Flash Cast, the first of these service delivery solutions, and the newly developed Adobe Flash Home solution consists of client software built upon a new Adobe Mobile Client runtime
technology, as well as server technology that manages the content being delivered to the mobile phone. Just as other Adobe solutions such as Acrobat and Acrobat Connect are built upon our technology
platform, we see market opportunities to bring similar solutions to the mobile and device ecosystems. 

 Mobile and Device Solutions Business Summary 

 In fiscal 2007, despite the loss of deferred revenue due to purchase accounting adjustments made with the integration of Macromedia at the beginning of fiscal
2006, we achieved record revenue results and strong unit adoption of our client software on mobile and consumer electronic devices. As of October, 2007, our Flash Lite client has been installed on
more than 300 million devices worldwide on over 430 different mobile handset models and over 140 different device models. This success has been driven by hardware OEM relationships
with companies such as Nokia, Sony/Ericsson, LG Electronics, Motorola and Samsung. 

 In
addition to key mobile OEM relationships we have established, we provide Flash Lite for Qualcomm BREW on the Verizon network. This relationship serves to broaden the Flash Lite
ecosystem in the United States, driven by the ability for Verizon subscribers to view Flash based content on their BREW enabled handsets. 

 During
the year, we also achieved strong unit adoption of our Flash Lite client on consumer electronics devices. Customers have licensed our Flash Lite for distribution on devices such
as the Nintendo Wii and the Sony PlayStation Portable and PlayStation 3 devices. 

 Beyond
client-based revenue, we have increased traction with our server-based solution called Adobe Flash Cast which provides data-based services that major wireless carriers
such as NTT DoCoMo offer their subscribers. In Japan, more than 13.9 million NTT DoCoMo subscribers have signed up for a Flash Cast based service. To broaden the penetration of Flash Cast based
services globally, in fiscal 2007 we announced relationships with Verizon (North America), Telenor (Europe) and Chunghua Telecom (Taiwan) to deliver Flash Cast based content services to their millions
of subscribers. These relationships are in the various stages of trials and network certification. We have also introduced a new solution, Flash Home, built upon the same client-server architecture
that is in the early stages of marketing and business development. 

 Mobile and Device Solutions Strategy 

 In fiscal 2008, we intend to continue our focus on client-based OEM revenue from our mobile and device hardware customers to drive revenue growth in our business.
We also intend to deliver key new releases of client and server products. We intend to work closely with carriers in key ecosystems to complete launches of our Flash Cast based services and to
leverage and extend our current offerings to them. Geographically, we look to expand our presence in markets such as Europe, Japan, China and the United States. Our expansion will be driven by our own
efforts, as well as those of key systems integration, 

 20 

distribution
and content partners that we have already signed agreements with, or those who we intend to partner with. 

 Mobile and Device Solutions Products 

 Adobe Flash Cast an offline portal solution that delivers highly personalized, easy-to-discover data services that are viewed
as "channels of content" from a mobile handset; built using the same client-server system as Flash Home, Flash Cast enables operators to deliver an engaging, branded portal experience that can
integrated with the home screen. 

 Adobe
Flash Lite a version of the Flash Player that helps mobile and consumer device manufacturers differentiate their products by delivering Web based Flash content as well
as video and interactive content to a broad range of devices. 

 Adobe
Flash Home an active, home screen solution to deliver rich, dynamic home screens consistently across a broad range of devices; built as a client-server system, Flash
Home combines customizable home screens with live data services to provide subscribers with personalized and engaging experiences. 

Adobe
Mobile Client a new version of the mobile runtime that helps mobile and consumer device manufacturers differentiate their low-end, mass market devices with
video and interactive content as well as Flash based user interfaces. This new runtime is part of our Adobe Flash Home and Adobe Flash Cast solutions. 

 Adobe
Reader LE a version of the Adobe Reader specifically developed for mobile phones that renders PDF documents on small-sized devices. 

 Other Segment 

 Our Other business segment contains several of our products and services which address market opportunities ranging from the diverse publishing needs of technical
and business publishing, to our legacy type and OEM printing businesses, to new strategic opportunities such as developer tools and OEM revenue generated with our technology platform
solutions which includes the Adobe Reader and Adobe Flash Player clients, and our new Adobe AIR client. These opportunities, and the products we offer to address them, are reviewed below
in the following categories: Platform, OEM PostScript, and Print Publishing (formerly called Print and Classic Publishing). 

 Platform Opportunity and Strategy 

 Central to our long-term strategy is our technology platform which enables the development of products and solutions that dramatically improves how
businesses engage with their customers. While our technology platform encompasses products and technologies created across all of Adobe's segments, the Platform Business Unit focuses on the
development and delivery of our developer solutions such as ColdFusion and Flex Builder, and on technology platform client and developer technologies, including Adobe Flash Player and Adobe AIR. These
solutions ensure reliable, secure and rich application experiences across the broadest range of browsers, operating systems and devices. 

 A
key long-term focus to broadening the reach and viability of our technology platform is the development of a new cross-platform client named Adobe AIR. Based on Flash, PDF
and HTML technologies, Adobe AIR enables the creation of Web-enabled desktop applications that run outside of a Web browser. Adobe AIR based applications extend today's Web browser-based
applications to have the power and utility of desktop applications with capabilities such as access to the local file system, and the ability to work offline and then synchronize data when the
application has online access again. Adobe AIR developers of Adobe AIR applications are able to create persistent, branded desktop experiences which 

 21 

can
be developed using standard Web technologies such as HTML, AJAX, Flash and PDF, as well as common audio and video formats. 

 As
part of our strategy to deploy and monetize Adobe AIR, we have realigned resources to broaden our capabilities for marketing and supporting developers. To that end, we have moved
responsibility for our Flex Builder integrated development environment ("IDE") and our ColdFusion product line to our Platform Business Unit. Our aim is to leverage our developer engineering,
marketing and evangelism capabilities, and to implement business models which balance our objectives of broad cross-platform client proliferation with our client monetization strategy. 

 Our
Flex Builder IDE is used by developers to create and deploy rich browser and Adobe AIR based applications. With the robust IDE of Flex Builder, as well as comprehensive charting
tools and components, we believe it is the most efficient means for developers to create RIAs that deploy seamlessly across all browsers and operating systems. Our legacy ColdFusion product line
provides fast and easy ways to build and deploy powerful Internet applications. Developers can extend or integrate ColdFusion with Java or.NET applications, connect to enterprise data and
applications, create and interact via Web services, or interface with SMS on mobile devices or instant messaging clients. ColdFusion can also be used for business reporting, rich-forms
generation, printable document generation, full-text search, and graphing and charting enabling customers to more fully engage their constituents with better Web experiences. 

 In
fiscal 2007, our Platform business primarily generated revenue through OEM relationships with companies such as Google, through downloads of our client technologies such as Adobe
Flash Player and Adobe Reader. In addition, our ColdFusion business continued to perform well through revenue generated from its existing customer base that benefits from a large and active developer
community. This business was also enhanced based on the delivery of an updated ColdFusion release during the year which added strong integration capabilities with Adobe Flex. 

 In
fiscal 2008, we will continue to explore monetization opportunities for our technology platform solutions, as well as enhance our ColdFusion product line and drive upgrades with a new
release. To support our Adobe AIR initiative, we intend to broaden our marketing efforts through developer community outreach and grassroots evangelism. We will also work closely with partners to
implement Adobe AIR client distribution relationships, and, we will assist partners and customers who will be developing key applications that utilize Adobe AIR. We intend to continue our focus in
improving
integration of our Platform technologies with our Creative Suite solutions so that products such as Dreamweaver are able to provide development tools for Adobe AIR applications. Finally, we intend to
deliver new product capabilities and Web-based services, as well as a new creative application that we believe will improve the overall workflow among Web designers and Web application
developers. 

 Platform Products 

 Adobe ColdFusion provides a server-scripting environment and a set of features used by organizations for building database-driven scalable
applications that are accessible through Web browsers and the Adobe Flash Player; built on an open Java technology architecture and can be deployed on third-party Java application servers that support
the J2EE specification. 

 Adobe
AIR new desktop client software which allows developers to use existing Web development skills (e.g. HTML, AJAX, Flash and Flex) to build and deploy RIAs on the
desktop. 

 Adobe
Reader software for reliable reviewing and printing of Adobe PDF files on a variety of hardware and operating system platforms; when used with certain Adobe PDF files
created with Adobe LiveCycle Reader Extensions Server, Adobe Acrobat Professional or Adobe Acrobat 3D, Adobe Reader also can be used to enable collaborative workflows through the addition of
collaboration features built into 

 22 

the
Adobe PDF file; these features include review and markup tools that normally are not present in the standard Adobe Reader product. 

 Adobe
Flash Player the most widely distributed rich client software on PCs and consumer electronic devices, the Flash Player provides a runtime environment for text,
graphics, animations, sound, video, application forms and two-way communications. 

Adobe
Flex Builder an Eclipse-based IDE for developing RIAs with the Adobe Flex framework for either the Flash Player or Adobe AIR; developers utilize Flex Builder to quickly
build and deploy applications that are expressive, intuitive and rich in interactivity. 

 Adobe
Flex SDK the developer tools for developing RIAs with Flex; developers use the SDK to compile and debug MXML and ActionScript files into the SWF format that executes in
the
Flash Player; Flex SDK is licensed at no charge, providing a commercial grade RIA development environment which competes with free open source alternatives. 

Adobe
Shockwave Player a rich media player used for deploying multimedia content for use in Internet solutions including education, training, games and commerce. 

 OEM PostScript Opportunity and Strategy 

 Graphics professionals and professional publishers require quality, reliability and efficiency in production printing, and we believe our printing technology
provides advanced functionality to meet the sophisticated requirements of this marketplace. As high-end printing systems evolve and transition to fully digital, composite workflows, we
believe we are uniquely positioned to be a supplier of software and technology based on the Adobe PostScript and Adobe PDF standards for use by this industry. We generate revenue by licensing our
technology to OEMs that manufacture workflow software, printers and other output devices. 

 In
fiscal 2007, we maintained our OEM PostScript revenue through continued innovation with PostScript technologies. In 2008, we plan to continue to enhance PostScript, and along with PDF
enhancements, establish PDF as the standard for variable data publishing and printing work flows. 

OEM PostScript Products 

 Adobe PostScript a printing and imaging page description language that delivers high quality output, cross-platform compatibility and top performance
for graphically-rich printing output from corporate desktop printers to high-end publishing printers; gives users the power to create and print visually rich documents with
total precision; licensed to printing equipment and workflow software manufacturers for integration into their printing products. 

 Adobe
PDF Print Engine a new, next-generation printing platform that enables complete, end-to-end PDF-based workflows using
common PDF technology to generate, preview and print PDF files; allows PDF files to be rendered natively throughout a workflow, providing performance benefits which include eliminating the need to
flatten transparent artwork. 

 Print Publishing Opportunities 

 In addition to the market opportunities and our businesses discussed previously, we offer a variety of products and solutions which address many different and
unique publishing market needs. Our Print Publishing Business Unit focuses on these solutions which address the diverse customer needs in markets such as technical document publishing and
communication, business document publishing, CD-ROM publishing, eLearning solutions, on-line help systems and typography. 

In
fiscal 2008, we will continue to support these offerings to meet the diverse needs of each product's user base. In addition, we believe there to be an opportunity to enhance some of
our offerings, particularly 

 23 

in
the technical communication and eLearning markets, through a comprehensive offering of several of our products to provide a complete end-to-end solution. To that end, in
late fiscal 2007, we released the Adobe Technical Communication Suite which includes technologies such as Adobe FrameMaker, Adobe RoboHelp, Adobe Captivate and Adobe Acrobat 3D. Through this new
suite, we believe we can help customers improve their workflows especially for authors of eLearning content who want a single solution to meet their content creation needs. 

 Print Publishing Products 

 Adobe Authorware a rich media authoring tool used to develop caption based eLearning on Windows and Macintosh based platforms; use of the product
ranges from creating Web-based tutorials to simulations incorporating audio and video; applications developed with Macromedia Authorware can be delivered on the Web, over corporate
networks or on CD-ROM. 

 Adobe
Captivate enables users to create interactive demonstrations and software simulations in the Flash file format; records users' actions in any application and instantly
creates Flash simulations with visible and audible mouse movements; the small file size and high resolution make Adobe Captivate simulations and demonstrations easy to publish online or burn onto a CD
for use in training, sales, marketing or user support; often used in combination with Acrobat Connect, Adobe Captivate provides a robust technology solution to bring understanding and retention to the
end users of rapid training and eLearning solutions. 

 Adobe
Contribute an easy way to update, add and publish Web content; non-technical business users can make changes to intranet and Internet Websites while
automatically maintaining site standards for style, layout and code; also enables content providers and Web professionals to save time and streamline the Web-content maintenance process. 

Adobe
Director a tool for creating professional multimedia content that combines images, text, audio and video into presentations and interactive experiences; for Websites,
it provides users with the ability to deliver multimedia content that supports three dimensional images and animations for use in various markets, including education, games and commerce; also enables
the creation of fixed-media content for CD titles and DVD titles in the entertainment, education and corporate training markets. 

 Adobe
Font Folio OpenType Edition contains more than 2,200 typefaces from the Adobe Type Library in OpenType format, offering a complete type solution for print, the Web,
digital video or electronic documents. 

 Adobe
FrameMaker an application for authoring and publishing long, structured, content-rich documents including books, documentation, technical manuals and
reports; provides users a way to publish their content to multiple output formats, including print, Adobe PDF, HTML, XML and Microsoft Word. 

 Adobe
JRun an application server based on the J2EE specification; integrates with our development tool offerings and is used to deploy applications for functions such as
online banking and customer service. 

 Adobe
PageMaker software used to create high-quality documents simply and reliably with robust page layout tools, templates and stock art. 

Adobe
RoboHelp an authoring tool used by developers and technical writers to create professional help systems and documentation for desktop and Web-based
applications; utilizes support for XML, PDF import/export, content management, distributed workforces, team authoring capabilities, as well as JavaHelp. 

 Adobe
Technical Communication Suite includes Adobe Acrobat 3D, Adobe Captivate, Adobe FrameMaker and Adobe RoboHelp technologies; helps customers improve their workflows,
especially authors of eLearning content who want a single solution to meet their content creation needs. 

 24 

Adobe
Type Library includes Adobe's best-selling typefaces, plus Adobe Type Manager; makes it easy to create beautiful text for print, Web and video projects. 

 Adobe
Type Classics for Learning a low-cost, introductory font library designed for students and educators. 

Adobe
Type Manager provides powerful, easy management of all PostScript Type 1, OpenType and TrueType fonts. 

 Adobe
Type Sets various Collection packages of Adobe's best-selling typefaces; makes it easy to create beautiful text for print, Web and video projects. 

 Macromedia
FreeHand MX a professional vector graphics tool designers and illustrators use to create high quality images that can be scaled; supports developing images for
print, the Web and the Adobe Flash Player. 

 25 

COMPETITION 

 The markets for our products are characterized by intense competition, evolving industry standards and business models, rapid software and hardware technology
developments and frequent new product introductions. Our future success will depend on our ability to enhance our existing products, introduce new products on a timely and cost-effective
basis, meet changing customer needs, extend our core technology into new applications, and anticipate and respond to emerging standards, business models and other technological changes. 

 Creative Solutions 

 In our Creative Solutions segment, we offer the Adobe Creative Suite in multiple versions which consist of combinations of several of our technologies. In
addition, we offer the technologies within them as individual software applications. These products compete with those from many companies, including Apple, Google, Microsoft and others, as well as
from various open source initiatives. 

 With
respect to Microsoft, their Expression Studio competes with our Adobe Creative Suite products as well as individual Creative Solutions segment products. Expression Studio includes
Microsoft Expression Design which competes with our Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Fireworks products; Microsoft Expression Blend which competes with our Adobe Flash Professional
product; Microsoft Expression Web which competes with our Adobe Dreamweaver and Adobe GoLive products; and Microsoft Expression Media which provides digital asset management, basic image editing, and
video encoding/compression capabilities and competes with some aspects of our video and hobbyist-focused products. To compete with Adobe Flash, Microsoft has also launched Silverlight which provides
capabilities for the creation of media experiences and interactive applications for the Web that incorporate video, animation, interactivity and user interfaces. 

 We
believe our Adobe Creative Suite competes favorably on the basis of features and functionality, ease of use, product reliability, price and performance characteristics. The individual
technologies within the Creative Suite products also work well together, providing broader functionality and shortened product training time for the individual who uses multiple applications to
complete a project. 

 We
also believe our individual Creative Solutions products compete favorably against those offered by our competitors, as discussed below. 

Drawing
and illustration products are characterized by feature-rich competition, brand awareness and price sensitivity. In addition to competition with Microsoft's Expression
Design product, our Adobe Illustrator and Adobe FreeHand products face competition from companies such as ACDsee, Autodesk, Corel, Deneba, Mediascape, Xara and the open source product called Karbon14.
We believe our products compete favorably due to high awareness of their rich features, especially the drawing and illustration functionalities, the technical capabilities of the product and our
ability to leverage core technologies from our other established products. 

 The
demand for Web page layout and Web content creation tools is constantly evolving and highly volatile. In addition to competition with Microsoft's Expression Blend and Web products,
we believe Adobe GoLive, Adobe Dreamweaver and Adobe Flash Professional face direct and indirect competition from desktop software companies such as Bare Bones Software and various proprietary and
open source Web authoring tools. We also face competition from AJAX and Visual Studio products, and other integrated development environments that enable developers to create Web applications from
companies such as BEA Systems, Borland and IBM. We believe our products compare favorably to these applications; however, our market share may be constrained by Microsoft's ability to target its Web
software to users in markets it dominates. These target customers include users of Microsoft Office, Microsoft Windows operating system, the Microsoft Internet Explorer Web browser and Microsoft
Visual Studio. 

 26 

The
needs of digital imaging and video editing software users are constantly evolving due to rapid technology and hardware advancements in digital cameras, digital video cameras,
printers, personal computers, cellular phones and other new devices. Our software offerings, including Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Photoshop Elements, Adobe Photoshop Lightroom, Adobe After Effects, Adobe
Audition, Adobe Soundbooth, Adobe Encore, Adobe Premiere Elements and Adobe Premiere Pro, face competition from companies offering similar products. We also continue to face competition from new
emerging products, including online based services and those coming from the open source movement. 

 Our
mid-range consumer offerings, including Adobe Photoshop Elements and Adobe Premiere Elements, are subject to intense competition, including customer price sensitivity,
competitor brand awareness and competitor strength in OEM bundling and retail distribution. We face direct and indirect competition from a number of companies that market software which competes with
ours, including ACD Systems, AI Soft (Japan), Apple, ArcSoft, Corel, i4 (Japan), Google, Kodak, Nova Development, Magix, Microsoft, Paessler GmbH (Germany), Pegasus Imaging Company, Phase One,
Photodex Corporation, Sonic Pinnacle, Sony and Yahoo. In addition, we face competition from device, hardware and camera manufacturers such as Apple, Canon, Dell, Hewlett-Packard, Nikon, Sony and
others as they try to differentiate their offerings by bundling, for free, their own digital imaging software, or those of our competitors. Similarly, we face potential competition from operating
system manufacturers such as Apple and Microsoft as they integrate hobbyist-level digital imaging and image management features into their operating systems. Finally, we face potential competition
from open source products, including Gimp for Linux. 

 We
believe we compete favorably against other mid-range digital imaging, digital video and consumer-focused image management software applications with our Adobe Photoshop
Elements and Adobe Premiere Elements products due to strong consumer awareness of our brand in digital imaging and digital video, our relationships with significant OEMs, positive recommendations for
our products by market influencers, our increased focus on the retail software channel and strong feature sets. 

 In
professional digital imaging, software applications compete based on product features, brand awareness and price sensitivity. In addition to competition with Microsoft's Expression
Design product, our Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Photoshop Lightroom products face direct and indirect competition from a number of companies including Apple and Corel. Our Adobe Photoshop products
compete favorably due to high awareness of the Photoshop brand in digital imaging, the positive recommendations for our Photoshop product by market influencers, the features and technical capabilities
of the product and our ability to leverage core features from our other established products. 

 Our
Adobe InDesign product, used for professional page layout, faces significant competition. The main competitor, Quark, has a competitive product, Quark XPress, which has maintained a
historically strong market share in the professional page layout market. Quark also benefits from an established industry infrastructure that has been built around the use of their XPress product in
print shops and service bureaus, and through the development of third party plug-in products. Barriers to the adoption of Adobe InDesign by Quark XPress customers include this
infrastructure, as well as the cost of conversion, training and software/hardware procurement required to switch to InDesign. We have seen an increase in the adoption of InDesign software and we
believe we will continue to see market share gains going forward due to a product offering that contains new innovative features, our strong brand among users, positive reviews by industry experts,
adoption of InDesign by major accounts which are influencers in their industries and improved infrastructure support by the industry for our overall solution. 

 Applications
for digital video editing, motion graphics, special effects, audio creation and DVD authoring face increasing competition as video professionals and hobbyists migrate away
from analog video and audio tools towards the use of digital camcorders and digital video production on their computers and DVD systems for rich media playback. Our Adobe After Effects, Adobe
Audition, Adobe Encore DVD and Adobe Premiere Pro software products, as well as the Adobe Production Studio which contains these 

 27 

products,
face competition from companies such as Apple, Avid, Canopus, Discreet, Sonic and Sony. Our Adobe Premiere Elements software product which is targeted for use by hobbyists, faces competition
from companies such as Aist, Apple, ArcSoft, Avid, Broderbund, Corel, Cyberlink, Magix, Microsoft and Muvee. 

Adobe
After Effects is a leader in professional compositing and visual effects due to its strong feature set and its integration with our other products that helps create a broad video
editing platform for our customers. In professional digital video editing, we are an industry leader with Adobe Premiere Pro and compete favorably due to our strong feature set, our OEM relationships
and the integration with our other products to create a broad digital video publishing platform for our customers. 

 Business Productivity Solutions 

 With our Adobe Acrobat business, we continue to see an increase in competition from Microsoft. Microsoft has released its new operating system called Windows
Vista which includes a proprietary digital rights management technology and a new document format, called XML Paper Specification ("XPS"), which competes with Adobe PDF. In addition, Microsoft's new
version of its widely used Office product offers a feature to save Microsoft Office documents as PDF files through a freely distributed plug-in. This new PDF feature in Office competes
with Adobe Acrobat. Given Microsoft's market dominance, XPS, the PDF feature in Office and any other competitive Microsoft product or technology that is bundled as part of its Office product or
operating system or made freely available, could harm our overall Adobe Acrobat market opportunity. 

 Our
Adobe Acrobat product family also faces competition in the PDF file creation market from many clone products marketed by companies such as AdLib, Active PDF, Ansyr Technology, Apple,
Global Graphics, Nuance, Software995, Sourcenext and others. In addition, other PDF creation solutions can be found at a low cost, or for free, on the Web. 

 For
customers that use Adobe Acrobat Standard and Adobe Acrobat Professional as part of document collaboration and document process management solutions, where electronic document
delivery, exchange, collaboration, security and archival needs exist, our Acrobat product family faces competition from entrenched office applications such as Microsoft Office. In the higher end of
the electronic document market, Acrobat Professional provides features which compete with other creative
professional PDF tool providers, such as Enfocus, Dalim, TeamPDF and Zinio. In addition, we are targeting the architecture, engineering and construction electronic document collaboration market with
our Acrobat 3D product. The capabilities of our product in this market compete with some aspects of Autodesk's 3D solution. 

 To
address the threats from Microsoft and others, we are working to ensure our Adobe Acrobat applications stay at the forefront of innovation in emerging opportunities such as PDF
document generation, document collaboration and document process management. 

 Our
Web conferencing solution, Adobe Acrobat Connect, faces competition from many Web conferencing vendors, including Cisco through their acquisition of WebEx, as well as Microsoft
Office Live Meeting, IBM Lotus Sametime and Citrix GoToMeeting. Cisco WebEx is a market share leader, and Microsoft has steadily increased its marketing of Microsoft Office Live Meeting. To address
these and other smaller competitors in the Web conferencing space, we focus on providing a differentiated and enhanced user experience through our Adobe Flash Player. 

 The
markets we address with our Adobe LiveCycle Enterprise Suite and Adobe Flex products are influenced by evolving industry standards, rapid software and hardware technology
developments, and new product introductions from competitors such as Microsoft and IBM. 

 Microsoft
has already brought to market new products and technologies to address many of the emerging market needs we focus on with our Adobe LiveCycle family of products. Microsoft
continues to offer its eForms solution called InfoPath in the Professional version of Microsoft Office 2007, and has 

 28 

added
Office Forms Services which extends their forms to users as MS Outlook email messages or to Web browsers rather than the InfoPath client. They also continue to offer their Windows Rights
Management Services in their Windows Server product which is designed to allow corporate networks to manage and enforce restrictions built into documents. 

As
discussed previously, Microsoft has shipped Windows Vista which includes a new document format called XPS which competes with Adobe PDF. Windows Vista also contains a proprietary
digital rights management technology which competes with Adobe LiveCycle Rights Management ES. In addition, Microsoft's new version of Office includes an updated version of its SharePoint product
which competes with certain aspects of our Adobe LiveCycle products. Microsoft has also recently delivered technology called Windows Presentation Foundation and Silverlight which offers an alternative
to building RIA applications within the Microsoft.NET framework. 

 In
the electronic forms solution market, in addition to competition from Microsoft Infopath based solutions, we face competition from IBM through their eForms solution recently rebranded
as Lotus Workplace Forms. Similarly, we face competition for document process management solutions from workflow solution vendors such as PegaSystems, Lombardi, Nuance and Ultimus. 

 We
believe that our Adobe LiveCycle server product family competes favorably against these companies and formats in terms of the combined benefits of superior functionality,
cross-platform visual page fidelity/reliability, multi-platform capability, file compression, printing and security of documents expressed using Adobe PDF. We also believe that Adobe PDF and its
integration with XML, combined with the broad distribution of Adobe Reader on all leading hardware platforms, provide a universal multi-platform solution that is more compelling than our competitors'
offerings. 

 Our
Adobe Flex server product provides a solution for developers and IT departments wanting to deploy enterprise class, RIAs and leverages Adobe Flash Player technology. Beyond the
competitive Microsoft threats previously discussed, vendors such as Tibco, JackBe, Backbase and NexaWeb offer competitive solutions in the RIA market that we target with Flex. In addition, new open
source technologies including AJAX techniques provide alternative methods for creating RIAs. Numerous open source groups, as well as a number of commercial software vendors are working to build tools
and frameworks that make AJAX competitive with Flex. 

Mobile and Device Solutions 

 The markets we address with our Mobile and Device solutions are influenced by evolving industry standards, rapid software and hardware technology developments and
frequent new product and technology introductions by companies or open-source initiatives targeting similar opportunities. Technologies and products which could compete with Adobe Flash
Lite include Java, Brew, Scalable Vector Graphics, Wireless Application Protocol and Microsoft Windows Mobile, as well as solutions from the open source movement, vendors supplying clone versions of
these products and technologies and vendors which choose to exclude the use of our solutions and technologies on their devices. 

We
believe our Adobe Flash Lite solution competes favorably against these technologies and solutions due to the distribution of Adobe Flash Player technology on a broad set of platforms,
including PCs, cellular phones and consumer electronic devices. We also believe our robust programming model and developer tools used to create Flash content, and the large Flash developer community
and ecosystem which utilize our tools, are key assets in our ability to effectively compete in this market. Further, the rich expressiveness of Flash which provides the capability to deliver audio,
video, motion graphics, vector graphics and visual effects, and results in rich user experiences and interfaces on mobile devices, is a key differentiation when compared to the capabilities of
alternate solutions. 

 In
the past year, the mobile industry experienced many announcements and introductions of new mobile devices and platforms and we expect innovation and new announcements such
as those seen in 

 29 

2007
to continue in 2008. We view these ongoing developments, including the recently announced Google Android project consisting of a group of more than 30 technology and mobile companies that are
working to develop an open and free mobile platform, as new opportunities to deploy our technologies and solutions. Just as we maintain a philosophy of cross-platform support in the personal computer
desktop world for operating systems such as Microsoft Windows, Apple MacOS, Unix and Linux, we expect to continue to enhance our support for a wide variety of mobile and consumer electronic platforms,
and we intend to make our products and services available on viable, new entrant platforms as well. 

 Other 

 Our Other segment consists of our Platform and our Print Publishing businesses. Our Platform business includes responsibility for our Adobe AIR strategy, as well
as our Adobe ColdFusion product family and our Flex Builder developer tool. These products face competition from major vendors including Microsoft, IBM, BEA and Sun. In addition, Adobe AIR and Adobe
Flash Player face competition from Microsoft Silverlight. Our ColdFusion products compete with several technologies available today at no cost including the PHP and PERL programming environments that
are available for the Apache Web server. 

 Our
Print Publishing product line targets many markets. In technical authoring and publishing, our Adobe FrameMaker product faces competition from large-scale electronic publishing
systems, XML-based publishing companies such as PTC, as well as lower-end desktop publishing products such as Microsoft Word. Competition is based on the quality and features
of products, the level of customization and integration with other publishing system components, the number of hardware platforms supported, service and price. We believe we can successfully compete
based upon the quality and features of the Adobe FrameMaker product and our extensive application programming interface. 

 In
desktop publishing, our Adobe PageMaker product faces competition from other software products, including Microsoft Publisher. Competition is based on the quality and features of
products, ease-of-use, printer service support and price. We believe we have a strong product and can successfully compete with these types of applications based upon the
quality and features of the Adobe PageMaker product, its strong brand among users and its widespread adoption among printer service bureaus. 

In
printing technologies, we believe the principal competitive factors for OEMs in selecting a page description language or a printing technology are product capabilities, market
leadership, reliability, price, support and engineering development assistance. We believe that our competitive advantages include our technology competency, OEM customer relationships and our
intellectual property portfolio. Adobe PostScript faces competition from Hewlett-Packard's proprietary PCL page description language and from developers of other page description languages based on
the PostScript language standard, including Global Graphics and Xionics. In addition, as previously discussed, Microsoft has shipped its next generation operating system called Windows Vista. It
includes a new document format called XPS which competes with Adobe PDF and our Adobe PostScript technologies and solutions. 

In
eLearning content authoring, our Authorware product faces competition from vertically focused eLearning content authoring solutions such as Sumtotal Systems, Inc. Competition
is based on the quality and features of products, ease-of-use and price. We believe we have a strong product and can successfully compete based upon the quality and features of
the Macromedia Authorware product and its strong brand among users, and its widespread adoption among eLearning content publishers. 

 In
interactive simulations/eLearning, our Adobe Captivate product faces competition from general content development tools such as Microsoft PowerPoint, screen recording tools such as
Techsmith's Camtasia and more advanced eLearning and software simulation solutions such as Firefly or OnDemand. Competition is based on speed of development and features of products,
ease-of-use and price. We believe we have a strong product and can successfully compete based upon the quality and features of the Adobe Captivate product, its strong brand
among users and its widespread adoption among training developers. 

 30 

In
Web content management, our Adobe Contribute product faces competition from solutions that provide for the simple creation of blogs and "Wikis," as well as basic content publishing
products such as Microsoft Word and Microsoft SharePoint, and, large-scale Web content management systems from companies such as Interwoven, Vignette, IBM and Oracle. Competition is based on the
usability, quality and features of products, the level of customization and integration with other Web content management components, the integration with Web design tools, the number of hardware
platforms supported, service and price. We believe we can successfully compete based upon the usability and price of the Adobe Contribute product, strong brand among users and integration with other
Web content management components. 

 In
multimedia content authoring, our Director product faces competition from a variety of multimedia content authoring tools. Competition is based on the quality and features of
products, ease-of-use and price. We believe we have a strong product and can successfully compete based upon the quality and features of the Adobe Director product, its strong
brand among users, its widespread adoption among content developers and publishers and the widespread proliferation of the Shockwave Player. 

 In
technical Web authoring and publishing, our Adobe RoboHelp product faces competition from large-scale Web publishing systems, XML-based Web publishing companies, as well
as lower-end publishing products such as Microsoft Word. Competition is based on the quality and features of products, the level of customization and integration with other publishing
system components, the number of hardware platforms supported, service, and price. We believe we can successfully compete based upon the quality and features of the Adobe RoboHelp product. 

Our
Adobe JRun product competes with large Java application server vendors as well as products available at no cost including the Tomcat Java Servlet Engine provided by the Apache
Foundation. 

 31 

OPERATIONS 

Marketing and Sales 

 We market and distribute our products through sales channels, which include distributors, retailers, software developers, systems integrators, ISVs and VARs, as
well as through OEM and hardware bundle customers. We also market and license our products directly using our sales force and through our own Web site at www.adobe.com. 

 We
support our worldwide distribution network and end user customers with international offices around the world, including locations in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada,
China, Czech Republic, Denmark, England, Finland, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Korea, Mexico, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Scotland, Singapore, Spain,
Sweden, Switzerland and Taiwan. 

 We
also license software with maintenance and support, which includes rights to upgrades, when and if available, support, updates and enhancements. 

 Receivables
from our significant distributors, as a percentage of gross trade receivables for fiscal 2007 and 2006 are as follows: 

2007 
 
 2006 

Ingram Micro 
 
 19 
 
 25 

Tech Data 
 
 10 
 
 11 

Order Fulfillment for Physical Distribution 

 The procurement of the various components of packaged products, including CDs and printed materials, and the assembly of packages for retail and other
applications products is controlled by our Global Supply Chain Management operations. We outsource our order fulfillment activities to third parties in the United States, Europe and Asia. 

 To
date, we have not experienced significant difficulties in obtaining raw materials for the manufacture of our products or in the replication of CDs, printing and assembly of
components. The backlog of orders from customers, as of January 18, 2008, and January 19, 2007, was approximately 13.8 million and 15.1 million, respectively. 

 Services and Support 

 We provide professional services, technical support and customer service to a wide variety of customers including consumers, creative professionals and business
users. Our service and support revenue consists primarily of consulting fees, software maintenance and support fees and training fees. 

Services 

We have a global Adobe Consulting team dedicated to developing and implementing solutions for enterprise customers in key vertical markets and to transfer
technical expertise to our solution partners. The Adobe Consulting team uses a comprehensive, customer-focused methodology to develop high quality solutions, which in turn deliver a competitive
advantage to our enterprise customers. A portfolio of technical training courses is also available for desktop and server-based products to meet the needs of our enterprise customers and solution
partners. 

Support 

A significant portion of our support revenue is composed of our extended enterprise maintenance and support offerings, which entitles customers to the right to
receive product upgrades and enhancements 

 32 

during
the term of the maintenance and support period, which is typically one year. Regional Support Centers are charged with providing timely, high quality technical expertise on Enterprise and
Knowledge Worker Solutions products and solutions to meet the growing needs of our customers. 

Our
support revenue also includes support for our desktop products. We offer a range of support programs, from fee-based incidents to annual support contracts. Additionally,
we provide extensive self-help and online technical support capabilities via the Web which allows customers quick and easy access to possible solutions. We provide product support through
a combination of outsourced vendors and internal support centers. 

 We
also offer Developer Support to partners and developer organizations. The Adobe Partner Connection Program focuses on providing developers with high-quality tools,
software development kits, information and services. 

 As
a registered owner of the current version of an Adobe desktop product, customers are eligible to receive Getting Started support on certain matters. Support for some products and in
some countries may vary. 

 Training 

 We inform customers about the use of our products through on-line informational services on our Web site (www.adobe.com) and through a growing series
of how to books published by Adobe Press pursuant to a joint publishing agreement with Peachpit Press. In addition, we develop tests to certify independent trainers who teach Adobe software classes.
We sponsor workshops, work with professional associations and user groups, and conduct regular beta testing programs. 

 Investments 

 We own a limited partnership interest in Adobe Ventures IV L.P. ("Adobe Ventures") that has invested in early stage companies with innovative
technologies. We also make direct investments in privately-held companies. We enter into these investments with the intent of securing financial returns as well as for strategic purposes
as they often increase our knowledge of emerging markets and technologies, as well as expand our opportunities to provide Adobe products and services. Adobe Ventures is managed by Granite Ventures, an
independent venture capital firm and sole general partner of Adobe Ventures. 

We
plan to invest 100.0 million directly in venture capital, of which, approximately 16.2 million has already been spent. The remaining balance will be invested over the
next three to five years. 

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT 

 As the software industry is characterized by rapid technological change, a continuous high level of investment is required for the enhancement of existing
products and the development of new products. We develop our software internally as well as acquire products developed by others by purchasing the stock or assets of the business entity that held
ownership rights to the technology. In other instances,
we have licensed or purchased the intellectual property ownership rights of programs developed by others with license or technology transfer agreements that may obligate us to pay a flat license fee
or royalties, typically based on a dollar amount per unit shipped or a percentage of the revenue generated by those programs. 

 During
fiscal years ended November 30, 2007, December 1, 2006, and December 2, 2005, our research and development expenses,were 613.2 million,
 539.7 million, and 365.3 million, respectively. 

PRODUCT PROTECTION 

 We regard our software as proprietary and protect it under the laws of copyrights, patents, trademarks and trade secrets. We protect the source code of our
software programs as trade secrets, and make source 

 33 

code
available to third parties only under limited circumstances and specific security and confidentiality constraints. 

Our
products are generally licensed to end users on a "right to use" basis pursuant to a license that restricts the use of the products to a designated number of devices. We also rely on
copyright laws and on "shrink wrap" and electronic licenses that are not physically signed by the end user. Copyright protection may be unavailable under the laws of certain countries, and the
enforceability of "shrink wrap" and electronic licenses has not been conclusively determined in all jurisdictions. 

 Policing
unauthorized use of computer software is difficult and software piracy is a persistent problem for the software industry. This problem is particularly acute in international
markets. We conduct vigorous anti piracy programs directly and through certain external software associations. In addition, we have activation technology in certain products to guard against illegal
use and will continue to do so in certain future products. 

EMPLOYEES 

 As of January 18, 2008, we employed 6,959 people. We have not experienced work stoppages and believe our employee relations are good. 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION 

 Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and
amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on our Investor Relations Web site
at www.adobe.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information posted on our Website is not incorporated into this
report. 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

 Adobe's executive officers as of January 18, 2008 are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 

Shantanu Narayen 
 
 44 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Mark Garrett 

50 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Karen O. Cottle 

58 

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

Johnny Loiacono 

46 

Senior Vice President, Creative Solutions Business Unit 

David Mendels 

41 

Senior Vice President, Business Productivity Business Unit 

Matthew Thompson 

49 

Senior Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations 

Richard T. Rowley 

51 

Vice President, Principal Accounting Officer 

Mr. Narayen
currently serves as Adobe's President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Narayen joined Adobe in January 1998 as Vice President and General Manager of
Adobe's engineering technology group. In January 1999, he was promoted to Senior Vice President, Worldwide Products and in March 2001 he was promoted to Executive Vice President,
Worldwide Product Marketing and Development. In January 2005, Mr. Narayen was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer and in 

 34 

December 2007,
he was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Adobe and joined the Adobe Board of Directors. Prior to joining Adobe, Mr. Narayen co-founded Pictra Inc., a
digital photo sharing software company, in 1996. He was Director of Desktop and Collaboration products at Silicon Graphics Inc. and held various senior manager positions at Apple Inc.
before founding Pictra. Mr. Narayen is also a director of Metavante Technologies, Inc., a banking and payment technology solutions provider. 

 Mr. Garrett
joined Adobe in February 2007 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Garrett served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of the Software Group of EMC Corporation, a products, services and solutions provider for information management and storage, from June 2004 to January 2007, his most recent
position since EMC's acquisition of Documentum, Inc., an enterprise content management company, in December 2003. Mr. Garrett first joined Documentum as Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer in 1997, holding that position through October 1999 and then re-joining Documentum as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 2002. 

 Ms. Cottle
joined Adobe in February 2002 as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Prior to joining Adobe, Ms. Cottle served as General Counsel for
Vitria Technology, Inc., a service-oriented business application software company from February 2000 to February 2002. From 1996 to 1999, Ms. Cottle served as Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary of Raychem Corporation. 

 Mr. Loiacono
joined Adobe in April 2006 as Senior Vice President of the Creative Solutions Business Unit. Prior to joining Adobe, Mr. Loiacono served as Executive
Vice President of software at Sun
Microsystems, Inc., with responsibility for software technologies including the Solaris operating system, Java, Java Enterprise System suites, Java developer tools and Star Office.
Mr. Loiacono joined Sun Microsystems in 1987, and during his 19 year tenure he also served as General Manager of Sun Microsystems's operating platform group, as well as Chief Marketing
Officer. 

 Mr. Mendels
currently serves as Adobe's Senior Vice President of the Business Productivity Business Unit. Mr. Mendels joined Adobe as Senior Vice President of the
Enterprise and Developer Solutions Business Unit through our acquisition of Macromedia, Inc. in December 2005. At Macromedia, Mr. Mendels served as Executive Vice President and
General Manager for Macromedia's tool and server product division. In this role, Mendels directly managed the product marketing, management and development of Macromedia's MX products including the
Flash and Flex line, Macromedia Studio 8 and ColdFusion software. Mendels began his career in Macromedia's international department in 1992. 

Mr. Thompson
joined Adobe in January 2006 as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations. Prior to joining Adobe, Mr. Thompson served as Senior Vice President
of Worldwide Sales at Borland Software Corporation, a software delivery optimization solutions provider, from October 2003 to December 2006. Prior to joining Borland, Mr. Thompson
was Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Field Operations for Marimba, Inc., a provider of products and services for software change and configuration management, from February 2001 to
January 2003. From July 2000 to January 2001, Mr. Thompson was Vice President of Worldwide Sales for Calico Commerce, Inc., a provider of eBusiness applications.
Prior to joining Calico, Mr. Thompson spent six years at Cadence Design Systems, Inc., a provider of electronics design technologies. While at Cadence, from January 1998 to
June 2000, Mr. Thompson served as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Field Operations and from April 1994 to January 1998 as Vice President, Worldwide Professional
Services. 

 Mr. Rowley
joined Adobe in November 2006 as Vice President, Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer. Prior to joining Adobe, Mr. Rowley served as Vice
President, Corporate Controller, Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer at Synopsys, Inc., a semiconductor design software company, from December 2002 to September 2005, and
from 1999 to December 2002, Mr. Rowley served as Vice President, Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer. From 1994 to 1999, Mr. Rowley served in several
finance-related positions at Synopsys. Mr. Rowley is a certified public accountant. 

 35 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

 As previously discussed, our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such
differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below. These and many other factors described in this report could adversely affect our operations, performance and financial condition. 

Delays in development or shipment of new products or upgrades to existing products could cause a decline in our revenue. 

 Any delays or failures in developing new products or new features for existing products or marketing our products may have a harmful impact on our results of
operations. Our inability to extend our core technologies into new applications and new platforms and to anticipate or respond to technological changes could affect continued market acceptance of our
products and our ability to develop new products. Delays in product or upgrade introductions could cause a decline in our revenue, earnings or stock price. We cannot determine the ultimate effect
these delays or the introduction of new products or upgrades will have on our revenue or results of operations. 

 Introduction of new products and business models by existing and new competitors could harm our competitive position and results of operations. 

 The markets for our products are characterized by intense competition, evolving industry standards and business models, rapid software and hardware technology
developments and frequent new product introductions. Our future success will depend on our ability to enhance our existing products, introduce new products on a timely and cost-effective
basis, meet changing customer needs, extend our core technology into new applications, and anticipate and respond to emerging standards, business models and other technological changes. For example,
Microsoft's Windows Vista operating system which contains a new fixed document format, XPS, which competes with Adobe PDF, and its introduction of Office 2007 which offers a feature to save Microsoft
Office documents as PDF files
through a freely distributed plug-in, which competes with Adobe PDF creation. Microsoft also has an Expression line of products targeted at designers and recently introduced Silverlight, a
web development tool for RIAs, which competes with Adobe Flash and Adobe Flex. In addition, companies, such as Google, may introduce competing software offerings for free to support advertising
models, or "open source" vendors may introduce competitive products. If these competing products achieve widespread acceptance, our operating results could suffer. In addition, consolidation has
occurred among some of the competitors in our markets. Any further consolidations among our competitors may result in stronger competitors and may therefore harm our results of operations. For
additional information regarding our competition and the risks arising out of the competitive environment in which we operate, see the section entitled "Competition" contained in Item 1 of this
report. 

 If we fail to successfully manage transitions to new business models and markets, our results of operations could be negatively impacted. 

 We are devoting significant resources to the development of technologies and service offerings where we have a limited operating history, including the enterprise
and government markets, the mobile and device markets and software as a service offerings. In the enterprise and government markets, we intend to increase our focus on vertical markets such as
education, financial services, manufacturing, and the architecture, engineering and construction markets and horizontal markets such as training and marketing. These new offerings and markets require
a considerable investment of technical, financial and sales resources, and a scaleable organization. Many of our competitors may have advantages over us due to their larger presence, larger developer
network, deeper experience in the enterprise and government markets and the mobile and device markets, and greater sales and marketing resources. In the mobile and device markets, our intent is to
license our technology to device makers, manufacturers and telecommunications 

 36 

carriers
that embed our technology on their platforms, and in the enterprise and government market our intent is to form strategic alliances with leading enterprise and government solutions and
service providers to provide additional resources to further enable penetration of such markets. If we are unable to successfully enter into strategic alliances with device makers, manufacturers,
telecommunication carriers and leading enterprise and government solutions and service providers, or if they are not as productive as we anticipate, our market penetration may not proceed as rapidly
as we anticipate and our results of operations could be negatively impacted. Another development is the software as a service business model, by which companies provide applications, data and related
services over the Internet. Providers use primarily advertising or subscription-based revenue models. Recent advances in computing and communications technologies have made this model viable and could
enable the rapid growth of some of our competitors. We are exploring the deployment of our own software as a service strategies, but may not be able to develop the infrastructure and business models
as quickly as our competitors. It is uncertain whether these strategies will prove successful. Additionally, from time to time we "open source" certain of our technology initiatives and release
selected technology for industry standardization. These changes may make it easier for our competitors to produce products similar to ours, and if we are unable to respond to these competitive
threats, our business could be harmed. 

 Adverse changes in general economic or political conditions in any of the major countries in which we do business could adversely affect our operating results. 

 As our business has grown, we have become increasingly subject to the risks arising from adverse changes in domestic and global economic and political conditions.
For example, the direction and relative strength of the U.S. economy has recently been increasingly uncertain due to softness in the housing markets, rising oil prices, difficulties in the financial
services sector and continuing geopolitical uncertainties. If economic growth in the United States and other countries' economies is slowed, many customers may delay or reduce technology purchases.
This could result in reductions in sales of our products, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition. Any of these events would likely harm our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

 Political
instability in any of the major countries we do business would also likely harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 Revenue from our new businesses may be difficult to predict. 

 As previously discussed, we are devoting significant resources to the development of product and service offerings where we have a limited operating history. This
makes it difficult to predict revenue and revenue may decline quicker than anticipated. Additionally, we have a limited history of licensing products in certain markets such as the enterprise market
and may experience a number of factors that will make our revenue less predictable, including longer than expected sales and implementation cycles, potential deferral of revenue due to
multiple-element revenue arrangements and alternate licensing arrangements. 

 If we fail to anticipate and develop new products in response to changes in demand for application software, computers, printers, or other non PC-devices our
business could be harmed. 

 Any failure to anticipate changing customer requirements and develop and deploy new products in response to changing market conditions may have a material impact
on our results of operations. We plan to release numerous new product offerings in connection with our transition to new business models. Market acceptance of these new product releases will be
dependent on our ability to include functionality and usability in such releases that address the requirements of customer demographics with which we have limited prior experience. To the extent we
incorrectly estimate customer requirements for such products or if there is a delay in market acceptance of such products, our business could be harmed. Additionally, customer requirements for "open
standards" or "open source" products could impact adoption or use with respect to some of our products. 

 37 

We
offer our Creative Solutions and Knowledge Worker Solutions application-based products primarily on Windows and Macintosh platforms. We generally offer our server-based products, but
not desktop application products, on the Linux platform as well as the Windows and UNIX platforms. To the extent that there is a slowdown of customer purchases of personal computers on either the
Windows or Macintosh platform or in general, or to the extent that significant demand arises for our products or competitive products on the Linux desktop platform before we choose and are able to
offer our products on this platform, our business could be harmed. Additionally, to the extent that we have difficulty transitioning product or version releases to new Windows and Macintosh operating
systems, or to the extent new releases of operating systems or other third party products make it more difficult for our products to perform, our business could be harmed. 

 We may incur substantial costs enforcing or acquiring intellectual property rights and defending against third-party claims as a result of litigation or other proceedings. 

 In connection with the enforcement of our own intellectual property rights, the acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights or disputes relating to
the validity or alleged infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, including patent rights, we have been, are currently and may in the future be subject to claims, negotiations or
complex, protracted litigation. Intellectual property disputes and litigation are typically very costly and can be disruptive to our business operations by diverting the attention and energies of
management and key technical personnel. Although we have successfully defended or resolved past litigation and disputes, we may not prevail in any ongoing or future litigation and disputes. In
addition, we may incur significant costs in acquiring the necessary third party intellectual property rights for use in our products. Third party intellectual property disputes could subject us to
significant liabilities, require us to enter into royalty and licensing arrangements on unfavorable terms, prevent us from manufacturing or licensing certain of our products, cause severe disruptions
to our operations or the markets in which we compete, or require us to satisfy indemnification commitments with our customers including contractual provisions under various license arrangements. Any
of these could seriously harm our business. 

 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights, including our source code, from third-party infringers, or unauthorized copying, use, disclosure or malicious
attack. 

 Although we defend our intellectual property rights and combat unlicensed copying and use of software and intellectual property rights through a variety of
techniques, preventing unauthorized use or infringement of our rights is inherently difficult. We actively pursue software pirates as part of our enforcement of our intellectual property rights, but
we nonetheless lose significant revenue due to illegal use of our software. If piracy activities increase, it may further harm our business. 

 Additionally,
we take significant measures to protect the secrecy of our confidential information and trade secrets, including our source code. If unauthorized disclosure of our source
code occurs, we could potentially lose future trade secret protection for that source code. The loss of future trade secret protection could make it easier for third parties to compete with our
products by copying functionality, which could adversely affect our revenue and operating margins. We also seek to protect our confidential information and trade secrets through the use of
non-disclosure agreements with our customers, contractors, vendors, and partners. However there is a risk that our confidential information and trade secrets may be disclosed or published
without our authorization, and in these situations it may be difficult and or costly for us to enforce our rights. 

 We
also devote significant resources to maintaining the security of our products from malicious hackers who develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that
attack our products. Nevertheless, actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products could harm our reputation and lead some customers to seek to return products, to reduce or delay future
purchases, to use competitive products or to make claims against us. Also, with the introduction of hosted services with some 

 38 

of
our product offerings, our customers may use such services to share confidential and sensitive information. If a breach of security occurs on these hosted systems, we could be held liable to our
customers. Additionally, such breaches could lead to interruptions, delays and data loss and protection concerns as well as harm to our reputation. 

 We may not realize the anticipated benefits of past or future acquisitions, and integration of these acquisitions may disrupt our business and management. 

We have in the past and may in the future acquire additional companies, products or technologies. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of an acquisition
and each acquisition has numerous risks. These risks include: 

difficulty
in assimilating the operations and personnel of the acquired company;
 difficulty
in effectively integrating the acquired technologies or products with our current products and technologies;
 difficulty
in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during the transition and integration;
 disruption
of our ongoing business and distraction of our management and employees from other opportunities and challenges due to integration issues;
 difficulty
integrating the acquired company's accounting, management information, human resources and other administrative systems;
 inability
to retain key technical and managerial personnel of the acquired business;
 inability
to retain key customers, distributors, vendors and other business partners of the acquired business;
 inability
to achieve the financial and strategic goals for the acquired and combined businesses;
 incurring
acquisition-related costs or amortization costs for acquired intangible assets that could impact our operating results;
 potential
impairment of our relationships with employees, customers, partners, distributors or third-party providers of technology or products;
 potential
failure of the due diligence processes to identify significant issues with product quality, architecture and development, or legal and financial contingencies,
among other things;
 incurring
significant exit charges if products acquired in business combinations are unsuccessful;
 potential
inability to assert that internal controls over financial reporting are effective;
 potential
inability to obtain, or obtain in a timely manner, approvals from governmental authorities, which could delay or prevent such acquisitions; and
 potential
delay in customer and distributor purchasing decisions due to uncertainty about the direction of our product offerings. 

Mergers
and acquisitions of high technology companies are inherently risky, and ultimately, if we do not complete the integration of acquired businesses successfully and in a timely
manner, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions to the extent anticipated, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

 39 

We rely on distributors to sell our products and any adverse change in our relationship with our distributors could result in a loss of revenue and harm our business. 

 We distribute our application products primarily through distributors, resellers, retailers and increasingly systems integrators, ISVs and VARs (collectively
referred to as "distributors"). A significant amount of our revenue for application products is from two distributors, Ingram Micro, Inc. and Tech Data Corporation which represented 21 and 10 
of our net revenue for fiscal 2007, respectively. In addition, our channel program focuses our efforts on larger distributors, which has resulted in our dependence on a relatively small number of
distributors licensing a large amount of our products. Our distributors also sell our competitors' products, and if they favor our competitors' products for any reason, they may fail to market our
products as effectively or to devote resources necessary to provide effective sales, which would cause our results to suffer. In addition, the financial health of these distributors and our continuing
relationships with them are important to our success. Some of these distributors may be unable to withstand adverse changes in business conditions. Our
business could be seriously harmed if the financial condition of some of these distributors substantially weakens. 

Catastrophic events may disrupt our business. 

 We are a highly automated business and rely on our network infrastructure and enterprise applications, internal technology systems and our Website for our
development, marketing, operational, support, hosted services and sales activities. A disruption or failure of these systems in the event of a major earthquake, fire, telecommunications failure,
cyber-attack, terrorist attack, or other catastrophic event could cause system interruptions, delays in our product development and loss of critical data and could prevent us from fulfilling our
customers' orders. Our corporate headquarters, a significant portion of our research and development activities, our data centers, and certain other critical business operations are located in
San Jose, California, which is near major earthquake faults. We have developed certain disaster recovery plans and certain backup systems to reduce the potentially adverse effect of such
events, but a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our data centers or our critical business or information technology systems could severely affect our ability
to conduct normal business operations and, as a result, our future operating results could be adversely affected. 

 Our future operating results are difficult to predict and are likely to fluctuate substantially from quarter to quarter and as a result the market price of our common stock may
be volatile and our stock price could decline. 

 As a result of a variety of factors discussed herein, our quarterly revenue and operating results for a particular period are difficult to predict. Our revenue
may grow at a slower rate than experienced in previous periods and, in particular periods, may decline. Additionally, we periodically provide operating model targets. These targets reflect a number of
assumptions, including assumptions about product pricing and demand, economic and seasonal trends, competitive factors, manufacturing costs and volumes, the mix of shrink-wrap and
licensing revenue, full and upgrade products, distribution channels and geographic markets. If one or more of these assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those
anticipated, estimated or projected. 

 Due
to the factors noted above, our future earnings and stock price may be subject to volatility, particularly on a quarterly basis. Shortfalls in revenue or earnings or delays in the
release of products or upgrades compared to analysts' or investors' expectations have caused and could cause in the future an immediate and significant decline in the trading price of our common
stock. Additionally, we may not learn of such shortfalls or delays until late in or after the end of the fiscal quarter, which could result in an even more immediate and greater decline in the trading
price of our common stock. Finally, we participate in a highly dynamic industry. In addition to factors specific to us, changes in analysts' earnings estimates for us or our industry, and factors
affecting the corporate environment, our industry, or the securities markets in general, have resulted, and may in the future result, in volatility of our common stock price. 

 40 

We are subject to risks associated with international operations which may harm our business. 

 We generate over 50 of our total revenue from sales to customers outside of the Americas. Sales to these customers subject us to a number of risks, including: 

foreign
currency fluctuations;
 changes
in government preferences for software procurement;
 international
economic and political conditions;
 unexpected
changes in, or impositions of, international legislative or regulatory requirements;
 failure
of foreign laws to protect our intellectual property rights adequately;
 inadequate
local infrastructure;
 delays
resulting from difficulty in obtaining export licenses for certain technology, tariffs, quotas and other trade barriers and restrictions;
 transportation
delays;
 the
burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws, including more stringent consumer and data protection laws;
 and
other factors beyond our control, including terrorism, war, natural disasters and diseases. 

If
sales to any of our customers outside of the Americas are delayed or cancelled because of any of the above factors, our revenue may be negatively impacted. 

 In
addition, approximately 41 of our employees are located outside the United States. This means we have exposure to changes in foreign laws governing our relationships with our
employees, including wage and hour laws and regulations, fair labor standards, unemployment tax rates, workers' compensation rates, citizenship requirements and payroll and other taxes, which likely
would have a direct impact on our operating costs. We also intend to expand our international operations and international sales and marketing activities. Expansion in international markets has
required and will continue to require significant management attention and resources. Moreover, local laws and customs in many countries differ significantly from those in the United States. We incur
additional legal compliance costs associated with our international operations and could become subject to legal penalties in foreign countries if we do not comply with local laws and regulations,
which may be substantially different from those in the United States. In many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common to engage in business practices that are
prohibited by United States regulations applicable to us such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Although we implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, there
can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, including those based in or from countries
where practices which violate such United States laws may be customary, will not take actions in violation of our policies. Any such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could have an
adverse effect on our business. 

 We may incur losses associated with currency fluctuations and may not be able to effectively hedge our exposure. 

 Our operating results are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We attempt to mitigate a portion of these risks through foreign currency
hedging, based on our judgment of the appropriate trade-offs among risk, opportunity and expense. We have established a hedging program to partially hedge our exposure to foreign currency
exchange rate fluctuations primarily for the Japanese Yen and the Euro. We regularly review our hedging program and will make adjustments as necessary based on the judgment factors discussed above.
Our hedging activities may not offset more than a portion of the 

 41 

adverse
financial impact resulting from unfavorable movement in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 

 Changes in, or interpretations of, accounting principles could result in unfavorable accounting charges. 

We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These principles are
subject to interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles can have a significant effect on our reported
results and may even retroactively affect previously reported transactions. Our accounting principles that recently have been or may be affected by changes in the accounting principles are as follows: 

software
revenue recognition;
 accounting
for stock-based compensation;
 accounting
for income taxes; and
 accounting
for business combinations and related goodwill. 

In
particular, in the first quarter of fiscal 2006, we adopted Statements of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 123 (revised 2004) ("SFAS 123R"), "Share-Based
Payment" which requires the measurement of all stock-based compensation to employees, including grants of employee stock options, using a fair-value-based method and the recording of such
expense in our consolidated statements of income. The adoption of SFAS 123R had a significant adverse effect on our reported financial results. It will continue to significantly adversely
affect our reported financial results and may impact the way in which we conduct our business. 

 If our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings. 

 Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, we review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes
in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances
indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets may not be recoverable include a decline in stock price and market capitalization, future cash flows, and slower
growth rates in our industry. We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable
intangible assets is determined, resulting in an impact on our results of operations. In particular, our Mobile and Device Solutions segment, which primarily consists of assets acquired in the
Macromedia acquisition, is in an emerging market with high growth potential. Revenue is based on the introduction of new products and future royalties. If future revenue or revenue forecasts for this
segment do not meet our expectations, we will be required to record a charge to earnings reflecting an impairment of this recorded goodwill or intangible assets. 

 Changes in, or interpretations of, tax rules and regulations may adversely affect our effective tax rates. 

 Unanticipated changes in our tax rates could affect our future results of operations. Our future effective tax rates could be unfavorably affected by changes in
tax laws or the interpretation of tax laws, by unanticipated decreases in the amount of revenue or earnings in countries with low statutory tax rates, or by changes in the valuation of our deferred
tax assets and liabilities. In addition, we are subject to the continual examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other domestic and foreign tax authorities, including
a current examination by the Internal Revenue Service for our fiscal 2001, 2002 and 2003 tax returns, primarily related to our intercompany transfer pricing. We regularly assess the 

 42 

likelihood
of outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and have reserved for potential adjustments that may result from the current
examination. 

 We
believe such estimates to be reasonable; however, there can be no assurance that the final determination of any of these examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating
results and financial position. 

 If we are unable to recruit and retain key personnel our business may be harmed. 

 Much of our future success depends on the continued service and availability of our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer and other members of
our executive team. These individuals have acquired specialized knowledge and skills with respect to Adobe. The loss of any of these individuals could harm our business. Our business is also dependent
on our ability to retain, hire and motivate talented, highly skilled personnel. Experienced personnel in the information technology industry are in high demand and competition for their talents is
intense, especially in the Bay Area, where many of our employees are located. We have relied on our ability to grant equity compensation as one mechanism for recruiting and retaining such highly
skilled personnel. Recently enacted accounting regulations requiring the expensing of equity compensation may impair our ability to provide these incentives without incurring significant compensation
costs. If we are unable to continue to successfully attract and retain key personnel, our business may be harmed. 

 We may suffer losses from our equity investments which could harm our business. 

 We have investments and plan to continue to make future investments in privately-held companies, many of which are considered in the
start-up or development stages. These investments are inherently risky, as the market for the technologies or products these companies have under development is typically in the early
stages and may never materialize. Our investment activities can impact our net income. Future price fluctuations in these securities and any significant long-term declines in value of any
of our investments could reduce our net income in future periods. 

 We rely on turnkey assemblers and any adverse change in our relationship with our turnkey assemblers could result in a loss of revenue and harm our business. 

 We currently rely on six turnkey assemblers of our products, with at least two turnkeys located in each major region we serve. If any significant turnkey
assembler terminates its relationship with us, or if our supply from any significant turnkey assembler is interrupted or terminated for any other reason, we may not have enough time or be able to
replace the supply of products replicated by that turnkey assembler to avoid serious harm to our business. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

 43 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

 The following table sets forth the location, approximate square footage and use of each of the principal properties used by Adobe during fiscal 2007. We lease or
sublease all of these properties with the exception of our property in India, where we own the building and lease the land, and San Francisco where we own the building and land. All properties are
leased under operating leases. Such leases expire at various times through 2025, with the exception of the land lease that expires in 2091. The annual base rent expense (including operating expenses,
property taxes and assessments, as applicable) for all facilities is currently approximately 77.9 million and is subject to annual adjustments as well as changes in interest rates. 

Location 
 
 Approximate 
Square 
Footage 
 
 Use 

North America: 

345 Park Avenue 
San Jose, CA 95110, USA 

378,000 

Research, product development, sales and marketing 

321 Park Avenue 
San Jose, CA 95110, USA 

321,000 

Research, product development, sales and marketing 

151 Almaden Boulevard 
San Jose, CA 95110, USA 

267,000 

Product development, sales and administration 

601 and 625 Townsend 
San Francisco, CA 94103, USA 

272,000 

Research, product development, sales, marketing and administration 

801 N. 34 th Street-Waterfront 
Seattle, WA 98103, USA 

255,000 

Product development, sales, technical support and administration 

1-3 Riverside Center 
275 Grove Street 
Newton, MA 02466, USA 

81,000 

Research, product development, sales and marketing 

333 Preston Street 
Ottawa, Ontario K1S 1N4 

122,000 

Research, product development, sales, marketing and administration 

India: 

Adobe Towers, 1-1A, Sector 25A 
Noida, U.P. 201301 

200,000 

Product development 

Salapuria Infinity, 3rd Floor 
#5, Bannerghatta Road 
Bangalore 560029 

70,000 

Research and product development 

Japan: 

Gate City Ohsaki East Tower 
1-11-2 Ohsaki, Shinagawa-ku 
Tokyo 141-0032 

57,000 

Product development, sales and marketing 

44 

China: 

Block A, SP Tower, 21 st 22 nd Floor 
Block D, SP Tower, 10 th Floor 
Tsinghua Science Park, Yard 1 
Zhongguancun Donglu, Haidian District 
Beijing, China 

46,000 

Research and product development 

France: 

112-114 Avenue Kleber 
Suites 203, 204, 205 
75016 Paris 

21,000 

Sales and marketing 

Germany: 

Grobe Elbstrable 27 
Hamburg 22767 

36,000 

Research and product development 

UK: 

3 Roundwood Avenue 
Stockley Park, Uxbridge, UB11 1AY 

21,000 

Product development, sales, marketing and administration 

The
total square footage is 346,000, of which we occupy 272,000 square feet, or approximately 79 of this facility; 74,000 square feet is unoccupied basement space.
 The
total square footage is 348,000, of which we occupy 81,000 square feet, or approximately 23 of this facility. The remaining square footage is subleased. 

In
general, all facilities are in good condition and are operating at an average capacity of approximately 81 . 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 On October 13, 2006, a purported shareholder derivative action entitled Steven Staehr v. Bruce R. Chizen, et
al was filed in the Superior Court of California for the County of Santa Clara against certain of our current and former officers and directors, and against Adobe as a nominal
defendant. The complaint asserts that stock option grants to executives were priced retroactively by Adobe and were improperly accounted for, and alleges various causes of action based on that
assertion. The complaint seeks payment by the defendants to Adobe of damages allegedly suffered by it and disgorgement of profits, as well as injunctive relief. On November 27, 2007 the Court
granted defendants' demurrer to the Second Amended Complaint and dismissed it without leave to amend. On December 11, 2007, plaintiff filed a motion for reconsideration of the Court's order
sustaining the demurrer without leave to amend which is scheduled to be heard on January 29, 2008. 

 In
connection with our anti-piracy efforts, conducted both internally and through organizations such as the Business Software Alliance, from time to time we undertake
litigation against alleged copyright infringers. Such lawsuits may lead to counter-claims alleging improper use of litigation or violation of other local laws. We believe we have valid defenses with
respect to such counter-claims; however, it is possible that our consolidated financial position, cash flows or results of operations could be affected in any particular period by the resolution of
one or more of these counter-claims. 

 45 

From
time to time, in addition to those identified above, Adobe is subject to legal proceedings, claims, investigations and proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including
claims of alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, commercial, employment and other matters. In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America, Adobe makes a provision for a liability when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These
provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impacts of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining to a
particular case. Litigation is inherently unpredictable. However, we believe that we have valid defenses with respect to the legal matters pending against Adobe. It is possible, nevertheless, that our
consolidated financial position, cash flows or results of operations could be affected by the resolution of one or more of such contingencies. 

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

 No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during the quarter ended November 30, 2007. 

 46 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "ADBE". On January 18, 2008, there were 1,752 holders of record of our
common stock. Because many of such shares are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record
holders. 

 We
did not pay any cash dividends on our common stock during fiscal 2007 or fiscal 2006. Under the terms of our credit agreement and lease agreements, we are not prohibited from paying
cash dividends unless payment would trigger an event of default or one currently exists. The following table sets forth the high and low sales price per share of our common stock for the periods
indicated. All per share amounts in the following table have been adjusted to reflect the two-for-one stock split in the form of a stock dividend effected May 23, 2005. 

Price Range 

High 
 
 Low 

Fiscal 2007: 

First Quarter 

42.81 

37.52 

Second Quarter 

44.53 

38.52 

Third Quarter 

44.58 

38.75 

Fourth Quarter 

48.00 

40.82 

Fiscal Year 

48.00 

37.52 

Fiscal 2006: 

First Quarter 

40.51 

34.52 

Second Quarter 

39.45 

28.35 

Third Quarter 

34.07 

26.47 

Fourth Quarter 

42.55 

31.50 

Fiscal Year 

42.55 

26.47 

47 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Below is a summary of stock repurchases for the quarter ended November 30, 2007. See Note 12 of our Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for information regarding our stock repurchase programs. 

Plan/Period 
 
 Shares Repurchased (1) 
 
 Average Price Per Share 
 
 Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan 

Stock Repurchase Program I 

Beginning shares available to be repurchased as of August 31, 2007 

153,520,474 
 (2) 

September 1 - September 28, 2007 

Structured repurchases 
 
 2,486,751 

40.19 

September 29 - October 26, 2007 

From employees (3) 
 
 45 

46.64 

Structured repurchases 
 
 2,076,032 

42.70 

October 27 - November 30, 2007 

Structured repurchases 
 
 2,052,815 

43.23 

Adjustments to repurchase authority for net dilution 

6,650,205 
 (4) 

Total shares repurchased 
 
 6,615,643 

(6,615,643) 

Ending shares available to be repurchased under Program I as of November 30, 2007 

153,555,036 
 (5) 

Stock Repurchase Program II 

Beginning shares available to be repurchased as of August 31, 2007 

7,066,175 

September 1 - September 28, 2007 

Structured repurchases 
 
 1,461,063 

40.24 

September 29 - October 26, 2007 

Structured repurchases 
 
 1,406,051 

42.26 

October 27 - November 30, 2007 

Structured repurchases 
 
 1,883,438 

43.27 

Additional repurchase authority 

30,000,000 
 (6) 

Total shares repurchased 
 
 4,750,552 

(4,750,552) 

Ending shares available to be repurchased under Program II as of November 30, 2007 

32,315,623 

(1) All
shares were purchased as part of publicly announced plans.
 (2) Additional
109.0 million shares were issued for the acquisition of Macromedia which accounted for the majority of the repurchase authorization.
 (3) The
repurchases from employees represent shares cancelled when surrendered in lieu of cash payments for withholding taxes due.
 (4) Adjustment
of authority to reflect changes in the dilution from outstanding shares and options. 
 48 

(5) The
remaining authorization for the ongoing stock repurchase program is determined by combining all stock issuances, net of any cancelled, surrendered or exchanged shares less all
stock repurchases under the ongoing plan, beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 1998.
 (6) In
November 2007, the Board of Directors approved a 30 million share increase to the Stock Repurchase Program II commencing in fiscal 2008. This increases the
authorization under this program from the original 20 million shares to 50 million shares. 

 Stock Performance Graph 

 Five-Year Stockholder Return Comparison 

 The line graph below compares the cumulative stockholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total return of the Standard Poor's 500 Index
("S P 500") and the S P 500 Software Services Index for the five fiscal year period ending November 30, 2007. The stock price information shown on the graph below is not
necessarily indicative of future price performance. 

 The
following table and graph assume that 100.0 was invested on November 29, 2002 in our common stock, the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Software Services
Index, with reinvestment of dividends. For each reported year, our reported dates are the last trading dates of our fiscal year (which ends on the Friday closest to November 30), and the
S P 500 and S P 500 Software Services indices dates are the last trading dates of November. 

2002 
 
 2003 
 
 2004 
 
 2005 
 
 2006 
 
 2007 

Adobe Systems 

100.00 

140.10 

213.78 

237.57 

267.33 

286.28 

S P 500 Index 

100.00 

115.09 

131.81 

142.61 

160.45 

173.32 

S P 500 Software Services Index 

100.00 

103.05 

122.39 

125.98 

131.59 

150.24 

The
material in this report is not deemed "filed" with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any of our filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing. 
 49 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

 The following selected consolidated financial data (presented in thousands, except per share amounts and employee data) is derived from
our consolidated financial statements. This data should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, and with Item 7, Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. All per share amounts referred to in the table below have been adjusted to reflect the two-for-one stock split in the
form of stock dividends effected May 23, 2005. 

Fiscal Years 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 

Operations: 

Revenue 

3,157,881 

2,575,300 

1,966,321 

1,666,581 

1,294,749 

Gross profit 

2,803,187 

2,282,843 

1,853,743 

1,562,203 

1,201,727 

Income before income taxes 

947,190 

679,727 

765,776 

608,645 

380,492 

Net income( 

723,807 

505,809 

602,839 

450,398 

266,344 

Net income per share( 

Basic 

1.24 

0.85 

1.23 

0.94 

0.57 

Diluted 

1.21 

0.83 

1.19 

0.91 

0.55 

Cash dividends declared per common share 

0.00625 

0.025 

0.025 

Financial position: 

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 

1,993,854 

2,280,879 

1,700,834 

1,313,221 

1,096,533 

Working capital 

1,720,567 

2,207,122 

1,528,183 

1,107,142 

892,498 

Total assets 

5,713,679 

5,962,548 

2,440,315 

1,958,632 

1,555,045 

Stockholders' equity 

4,649,982 

5,151,876 

1,864,326 

1,423,477 

1,100,800 

Additional data: 

Worldwide employees 

6,794 

6,068 

4,285 

3,848 

3,515 

In
fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2006, net income and net income per share includes the impact of SFAS 123R stock-based compensation charges as well as the integration of Macromedia
into our operations in fiscal 2006, neither of which were present in fiscal years 2005 and prior. See Notes 2 and 11 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for information regarding our Macromedia acquisition and stock-based compensation. 
 50 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following discussion (presented in millions, except where indicated) should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto. The share and per share data below have been adjusted to give effect to our stock split as of May 23, 2005. 

 In addition to historical information, this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding
product plans, future growth and market opportunities which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Factors that
might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to,
those discussed in the section titled "Risk Factors" in Part 1, Item 1A of this report. You should carefully review the risks described herein and in other documents we file from time to
time with the SEC, including the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q to be filed in fiscal 2008. When used in this report, the words "expects," "could," "would," "may," "anticipates,"
"intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "targets," "estimates," "looks for," "looks to," and similar expressions, as well as statements regarding our focus for the future, are generally intended to
identify forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We
undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to the forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document. 

 51 

ACQUISITION OF MACROMEDIA 

 On December 3, 2005, we completed the acquisition of Macromedia for approximately 3.5 billion. The discussions in this section of this Report for
fiscal 2007, as well as the financial statements contained herein, reflect the impact of the acquisition. 

BUSINESS OVERVIEW 

 Founded in 1982, Adobe Systems Incorporated is one of the largest and most diversified software companies in the world. We offer a line of creative, business and
mobile software and services used by creative professionals, designers, knowledge workers, high-end consumers, OEM partners, developers and enterprises for creating, managing, delivering
and engaging with compelling content and experiences across multiple operating systems, devices and media. We distribute our products through a network of distributors and dealers, VARs, systems
integrators, ISVs and OEMs, direct to end users and through our own Web site at www.adobe.com. We also license our technology to hardware manufacturers, software developers and service providers, and
we offer integrated software solutions to businesses of all sizes. We have operations in the Americas, EMEA and Asia. Our software runs on personal computers with Microsoft Windows, Apple OS, Linux,
UNIX and various non-PC platforms, depending on the product. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 

 In preparing our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and pursuant to the
rules and regulations of the SEC, we make assumptions, judgments and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent
assets and liabilities. We base our assumptions, judgments and estimates on historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results
could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. On a regular basis we evaluate our assumptions, judgments and estimates. We also discuss our critical accounting
estimates with the Audit Committee of the Board
of Directors. These accounting estimates, critical to understanding our results of operations, are as follows: 

 Revenue Recognition 

 We recognize revenue when all four revenue recognition criteria have been met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, we have delivered the product or
performed the service, the fee is fixed or determinable and collection is probable. Determining whether and when some of these criteria have been satisfied often involves assumptions and judgments
that can have a significant impact on the timing and amount of revenue we report. For example, for multiple element arrangements, we must: (1) determine whether and when each element has been
delivered; (2) determine whether undelivered products or services are essential to the functionality of the delivered products and services; (3) determine whether vendor-specific
objective evidence ("VSOE") of fair value exists for each undelivered element; and (4) allocate the total price among the various elements we must deliver. Changes in assumptions or judgments
or changes to the elements in a software arrangement could cause a material increase or decrease in the amount of revenue that we report in a particular period. 

In
addition, we must estimate certain royalty revenue amounts due to the timing of securing information from our customers. While we believe we can make reliable estimates regarding
these matters, these estimates are inherently subjective. Accordingly, our assumptions and judgments regarding future products and services as well as our estimates of royalty revenue could differ
from actual events, thus materially impacting our financial position and results of operations. 

 Product
revenue is recognized when the above criteria are met. We reduce the revenue recognized for estimated future returns, price protection and rebates at the time the related revenue
is recorded. In determining our estimate for returns, and in accordance with our internal policy regarding global channel 

 52 

inventory
which is used to determine the level of product held by our distributors on which we have recognized revenue, we rely upon historical data, the estimated amount of product inventory in our
distribution channel, the rate at which our product sells through to the end user, product plans and other factors. Our estimated provisions for returns can vary from what actually occurs. Product
returns may be more or less than what was estimated. The amount of inventory in the channel could be different than what is estimated. Our estimate of the rate of sell through for product in the
channel could be different than what actually occurs. There could be a delay in the release of our products. These factors and unanticipated changes in the economic and industry environment could make
our return estimates differ from actual returns, thus materially impacting our financial position and results of operations. 

 We
offer price protection to our distributors that allows for the right to a credit if we permanently reduce the price of a software product. When evaluating the adequacy of the price
protection allowance, we analyze historical returns, current sell-through of distributor and retailer inventory of our products, changes in customer demand and acceptance of our products
and other related factors. In addition, we monitor the volume of sales to our channel partners and their inventories. Changes to these assumptions or in the economic environment could result in higher
returns or higher price protection costs in subsequent periods. 

 In
the future, actual returns and price protection may materially exceed our estimates as unsold products in the distribution channels are exposed to rapid changes in consumer
preferences, market conditions or technological obsolescence due to new platforms, product updates or competing products. While we believe we can make reliable estimates regarding these matters, these
estimates are inherently subjective. Accordingly, if our estimates change, our returns and price protection reserves would change, which would impact the total net revenue we report. 

Our
consulting revenue is recognized using the proportionate performance method and is measured monthly based on input measures, such as on hours incurred to date compared to total
estimated hours to complete, with consideration given to output measures, such as contract milestones, when applicable. Accordingly, our estimates of consulting revenue could differ from actual
events, thus materially impacting our financial position and results of operations. 

 Stock-based Compensation 

 We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with SFAS 123R. Under the fair value recognition provisions of this statement, stock-based
compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is
generally the vesting period. 

 We
currently use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options, restricted stock and employee stock purchase plan shares. The determination of the
fair value of stock-based awards on the date of grant using an option pricing model is affected by our stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These
variables include our expected stock price volatility over the expected term of the awards, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, risk-free interest rate,
estimated forfeitures and expected dividends. 

 We
estimate the expected term of options granted by calculating the average term from our historical stock option exercise experience. We estimate the volatility of our common stock by
using implied volatility in market traded options. Our decision to use implied volatility was based upon the availability of actively traded options on our common stock and our assessment that implied
volatility is more representative of future stock price trends than historical volatility. We base the risk-free interest rate on zero-coupon yields implied from U.S. Treasury
issues with remaining terms similar to the expected term on the options. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and therefore use an expected dividend yield of zero
in the option pricing model. We are required to estimate forfeitures at the time of grant and revise those estimates in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. We use 

 53 

historical
data to estimate pre-vesting option forfeitures and record stock-based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest. 

 If
we use different assumptions for estimating stock-based compensation expense in future periods or if actual forfeitures differ materially from our estimated forfeitures, the change in
our stock-based compensation expense could materially affect our operating income, net income and net income per share. 

 See Note 11 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the SFAS 123R disclosures. 

 Goodwill Impairment 

 We complete our goodwill impairment test on an annual basis, during the second quarter of our fiscal year, or more frequently, if changes in facts and
circumstances indicate that an impairment in the value of goodwill recorded on our balance sheet may exist. In order to estimate the fair value of goodwill, we typically estimate future revenue,
consider market factors and estimate our future cash flows. Based on these key assumptions, judgments and estimates, we determine whether we need to record an impairment charge to reduce the value of
the asset carried on our balance sheet to its estimated fair value. Assumptions, judgments and estimates about future values are complex and often subjective. They can be affected by a variety of
factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy or our internal forecasts. Although we believe the assumptions,
judgments and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, different assumptions, judgments and estimates could materially affect our reported financial results. 

 Accounting for Income Taxes 

 We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of taxes payable or
refundable for the current year. In addition, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and
tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Management must make assumptions, judgments and estimates to determine our current provision for income
taxes and also our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance to be recorded against a deferred tax asset. 

 Our
assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to the current provision for income taxes take into account current tax laws, our interpretation of current tax laws and possible
outcomes of current and future audits conducted by foreign and domestic tax authorities. We have established reserves for income taxes to address potential exposures involving tax positions that could
be challenged by tax authorities. We are currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service for our fiscal 2001, 2002 and 2003 tax returns, primarily related to our intercompany transfer
pricing. Although we believe our assumptions, judgments and estimates are reasonable, changes in tax laws or our interpretation of tax laws and the resolution of the current and any future tax audits
could significantly impact the amounts provided for income taxes in our consolidated financial statements. 

 Our
assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to the value of a deferred tax asset take into account predictions of the amount and category of future taxable income, such as income
from operations or capital gains income. Actual operating results and the underlying amount and category of income in future years could render our current assumptions, judgments and estimates of
recoverable net deferred taxes inaccurate. Any of the assumptions, judgments and estimates mentioned above could cause our actual income tax obligations to differ from our estimates, thus materially
impacting our financial position and results of operations. 

 54 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Overview of 2007 

 During fiscal 2007, our software and technologies continued to redefine how people engage with ideas and information anytime, anywhere and through any
medium. Our solutions drove strong revenue and earnings growth during the year. 

 In
our Creative Solutions segment, we generated strong year-over-year growth based on the release of our new Creative Suite version 3 family of products.
Consisting of six new Creative Suite products and thirteen individual applications, our Creative Suite 3 product launch during the year was the largest in our 25-year history. In
addition, we achieved solid growth in digital imaging and digital video hobbyist markets with the introduction of new versions of our Adobe Photoshop Elements and Adobe Premiere Elements products. 

 In
our Knowledge Worker segment, we achieved solid year-over-year growth based on continued adoption of our Acrobat 8 family of products. We also continued
to grow our Acrobat Connect business which provides real-time collaboration capabilities via the Web utilizing our Adobe Flash Player. 

 Our
Enterprise and Developer segment also achieved solid results in 2007, generating record revenue and gaining broad market acceptance in the categories of Document Services and RIAs
with our LiveCycle and Flex technologies. 

 Our
Mobile and Device business achieved strong year-over-year growth due to the ongoing success we have had targeting mobile operators, handset manufacturers and
consumer electronic device manufactures with our Flash Lite and Flash Cast technologies. 

 In
our Other segments, revenue decreased slightly compared to fiscal 2006 due primarily to lower revenue associated with some of our legacy products in our Print and Classic Publishing
segment. Our PostScript printing technology, a key part of our Other segment revenue, generated year-over-year growth. 

 Revenue 

Fiscal 2007 
 
 Change 2007 to 2006 
 
 Fiscal 2006 
 
 Change 2006 to 2005 
 
 Fiscal 2005 

Product 

3,019.5 
 
 22 

2,484.7 
 
 29 

1,923.3 

Percentage of total revenue 

96 

96 

98 

Services and support 

138.4 
 
 53 

90.6 
 
 111 

43.0 

Percentage of total revenue 

4 

4 

2 

Total revenue 

3,157.9 

2,575.3 

1,966.3 

In
fiscal 2007, we categorized our products into the following segments: Creative Solutions, Knowledge Worker Solutions, Enterprise and Developer Solutions, Mobile and Device Solutions,
and Other. Our Creative Solutions segment focuses on delivering a complete professional line of integrated tools for a full range of creative and developer tasks to an extended set of customers. Our
Knowledge Worker Solutions segment focuses on the needs of knowledge worker customers, providing essential applications and services to help them reliably share information and collaborate
effectively. This segment contains revenue generated by the Adobe Acrobat family of products. Our Enterprise and Developer Solutions segment provides server-based enterprise interaction solutions that
automate people-centric processes and contains revenue generated by our LiveCycle line of products. The Mobile and Device Solutions segment provides solutions that create compelling experiences
through rich content, user interfaces and data services on mobile and non-PC devices such as cellular phones, consumer devices and Internet connected hand-held devices.
Finally, the Other segment contains several of our products and services which address market opportunities ranging from the diverse publishing needs of technical and 

 55 

business
publishing, to our legacy type and OEM printing businesses, to new strategic opportunities centered around our Platform Business Unit which works to create our next generation technology
platform focused on driving adoption of Adobe AIR; the Platform business also works to generate OEM revenue from our software downloads which include Adobe Reader and Adobe Flash Player applications. 

 We
will adjust our reporting segments at the beginning of fiscal 2008 to reflect changes for how we manage our business as we enter the new fiscal year. 

 Our
services and support revenue is composed of consulting, training, and maintenance and support, primarily related to the licensing of our enterprise, developer and platform products.
Our support revenue also includes technical support and developer support to partners and developer organizations related to our desktop products. Our maintenance and support offerings which entitle
customers to receive product upgrades and enhancements or technical support, depending on the offering, is recognized ratably over the term of the arrangement. 

 Segment Information 

Fiscal 2007 
 
 Change 2007 to 2006 
 
 Fiscal 2006 
 
 Change 2006 to 2005 
 
 Fiscal 2005 

Creative Solutions 

1,899.0 
 
 32 

1,438.0 
 
 27 

1,128.3 

Percentage of total revenue 

60 

56 

57 

Knowledge Worker Solutions 

728.5 
 
 11 

657.8 
 
 11 

593.5 

Percentage of total revenue 

23 

26 

30 

Enterprise and Developer Solutions 

230.9 
 
 22 

189.3 
 
 68 

113.0 

Percentage of total revenue 

7 

7 

6 

Mobile and Device Solutions 

52.5 
 
 40 

37.5 

Percentage of total revenue 

2 

2 

Other 

Print and Classic Publishing 

205.3 
 
 (5) 
 
 215.5 
 
 66 

129.9 

Percentage of total revenue 

7 

8 

7 

Platform 

41.7 
 
 12 

37.2 

1.6 

Percentage of total revenue 

1 

1 

Total Revenue 

3,157.9 

2,575.3 

1,966.3 

Percentage
is not meaningful. 

 Fiscal 2007 Revenue Compared to Fiscal 2006 Revenue 

 Revenue from our Creative Solutions segment increased 461.0 million during fiscal 2007 as compared to fiscal 2006 primarily due to the launch of the
English versions of our CS3 family of products in the second quarter of fiscal 2007 and the release of localized versions of our CS3 family of products during the third quarter of fiscal 2007. 

Revenue
from our Knowledge Worker Solutions segment increased 70.7 million during fiscal 2007 as compared to fiscal 2006 primarily due to an increase in the licensing of our new
Acrobat 8 family of products. 

 Revenue
from our Enterprise and Developer Solutions segment increased 41.6 million during fiscal 2007 as compared to fiscal 2006 primarily due to continued adoption of our
LiveCycle family of products. 

 Revenue
from our Mobile and Device Solutions segment increased 15.0 million during fiscal 2007 as compared to fiscal 2006 due to continued adoption of our Flash Lite by mobile
and non-PC device manufacturers, and our Flash Cast solutions by mobile operators. 

 56 

Revenue
from our Other segment decreased 5.7 million during fiscal 2007 as compared to fiscal 2006 primarily due to lower revenue associated with some of our legacy products in
our Print and Classic Publishing segment. This decrease was offset in part by increased revenue related to Flash Player in our Platform segment. 

 Fiscal 2006 Revenue Compared to Fiscal 2005 Revenue 

 Revenue from our Creative Solutions segment increased 309.7 million during fiscal 2006 as compared to fiscal 2005 primarily due to the addition of new
products related to the acquisition of Macromedia. Revenue from our Digital Video software products increased approximately 45 due to the release of the Adobe Production Studio and new versions of
our video products. Revenue from our creative products also increased 9 due to continued growth in revenue from our Adobe Creative Suite product and the introduction of new software bundles. These
increases were partially offset by a 2 decrease in revenue from our Digital Imaging software products due to timing of the release of new product versions and the success of our suites and bundles. 

 Revenue
from our Knowledge Worker Solutions segment increased 64.3 million during fiscal 2006 as compared to fiscal 2005 primarily due to continued adoption of our Acrobat family
of products and the launch of Acrobat 8 during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006. The addition of new products related to the acquisition of Macromedia also contributed to the revenue increase.
There were no notable revenue decreases for fiscal 2006. 

 Revenue
from our Enterprise and Developer Solutions segment increased 76.3 million during fiscal 2006 as compared to fiscal 2005 primarily due to the addition of new products
related to the acquisition of Macromedia. Revenue growth of 23 from our LiveCycle products contributed to this increase principally as a result of increased licensing and server support revenue, as
we continue to
successfully sell our LiveCycle products in both the government and financial services sectors. There were no notable revenue decreases for fiscal 2006. 

 Revenue
from our Mobile and Device Solutions segment increased 37.5 million during fiscal 2006 as compared to fiscal 2005, entirely due to the addition of new products related to
the acquisition of Macromedia. 

 Revenue
from our Other segment increased 121.2 million during fiscal 2006 as compared to fiscal 2005, primarily due to increased revenue from PostScript licensing and the
addition of new products related to the acquisition of Macromedia. There were no notable revenue decreases for fiscal 2006. 

 Geographic Information 

Fiscal 2007 
 
 Change 2007 to 2006 
 
 Fiscal 2006 
 
 Change 2006 to 2005 
 
 Fiscal 2005 

Americas 

1,508.9 
 
 19 

1,266.7 
 
 35 

939.7 

Percentage of total revenue 

48 

49 

48 

EMEA 

1,026.4 
 
 33 

770.1 
 
 26 

612.7 

Percentage of total revenue 

32 

30 

31 

Asia 

622.6 
 
 16 

538.5 
 
 30 

413.9 

Percentage of total revenue 

20 

21 

21 

Total revenue 

3,157.9 

2,575.3 

1,966.3 

57 

Fiscal 2007 Revenue by Geography Compared to Fiscal 2006 Revenue by Geography 

 Overall revenue in each of the geographic segments for fiscal 2007 increased compared to fiscal 2006 primarily due to the launch of the English versions of our
CS3 family of products in the second quarter of fiscal 2007, the release of the localized versions of our CS3 family of products during the third quarter of fiscal 2007 and success with our
Acrobat 8 family of products. 

 Revenue
in the Americas increased during fiscal 2007 as compared to fiscal 2006 primarily due to the launch of the English versions of our CS3 family of products during the second
quarter of fiscal 2007 and increased revenue from the Acrobat 8 family of products. 

 Revenue
in EMEA increased during fiscal 2007 as compared to fiscal 2006 due to the release of localized versions of our CS3 family of products and increases in revenue from the Acrobat
Pro products. Additionally, revenue in EMEA increased approximately 65.9 million due to the strength of the Euro against the U.S. dollar. 

 Revenue
in Asia increased during fiscal 2007 as compared to fiscal 2006 due to the release of localized versions of our CS3 family of products. Changes in the Yen over the U.S. dollar
did not have a significant impact to revenue in Asia during fiscal 2007 as compared to fiscal 2006. 

 Fiscal 2006 Revenue by Geography Compared to Fiscal 2005 Revenue by Geography 

 Overall revenue in each of the geographic segments for fiscal 2006 increased, compared to fiscal 2005 primarily due to the acquisition of Macromedia. 

Revenue
in the Americas and EMEA increased during fiscal 2006 as compared to fiscal 2005 due to the strength of our Creative Solutions, Enterprise Solutions, Knowledge Worker Solutions
and Other
segments. Additionally, revenue in EMEA increased approximately 13.8 million due to the strength of the Euro against the U.S. dollar. 

 Revenue
in Asia increased during fiscal 2006 as compared to fiscal 2005 due to the strength of our Creative Solutions, Enterprise Solutions, Mobile and Device Solutions and Other
segments. Revenue in Asia increased approximately 21.2 million due to the strength of the Yen against the U.S. dollar. 

See Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk regarding foreign currency risks. 

 Product Backlog 

 With regard to our product backlog, the actual amount of backlog at any particular time may not be a meaningful indicator of future business prospects due to, for
example, the fluctuations associated with the finalization and release of new products. Our backlog of unfulfilled orders at the end of fiscal 2007, other than those associated with new product
releases, those pending credit review and those not shipped due to the application of our global inventory policy, was approximately 7 of fourth quarter fiscal 2007 revenue. The comparable backlog at
the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2007 and the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006 were approximately 6 of third quarter fiscal 2007 revenue and 2 of fourth quarter fiscal 2006 revenue, respectively. 

 58 

Cost of Revenue 

Fiscal 
2007 
 
 Change 
2007 to 2006 
 
 Fiscal 
2006 
 
 Change 
2006 to 2005 
 
 Fiscal 
2005 

Product 

270.8 
 
 20 

226.5 
 
 152 

90.0 

Percentage of total revenue 

9 

9 

5 

Services and support 

83.9 
 
 27 

66.0 
 
 192 

22.6 

Percentage of total revenue 

3 

3 

1 

Total cost of revenue 

354.7 

292.5 

112.6 

Product 

Cost of product revenue includes product packaging, third-party royalties, excess and obsolete inventory, amortization related to localization costs and acquired
technologies and the costs associated with the manufacturing of our products. 

 Cost
of product revenue fluctuated due to the following: 

Change 
2007 to 2006 
 
 Change 
2006 to 2005 

Increased (decreased) localization costs related to our product launches 
 
 10 
 
 (3) 

Increased royalties for licensed technologies 
 
 8 
 
 1 

Increased (decreased) excess and obsolete inventory 
 
 3 
 
 (2) 

(Decreased) increased amortization of purchased technology 
 
 (4) 
 151 

Increased cost of sales associated with shrink-wrap 

3 

Various individually insignificant items 
 
 3 
 
 2 

Total change 
 
 20 
 
 152 

Localization
costs increased during fiscal 2007 as compared to fiscal 2006 primarily due to the release of the localized versions of our CS3 family of products and the Acrobat 8
family of products. 

 Royalty
costs increased during fiscal 2007 as compared to fiscal 2006 primarily due to an increase in the number of licensed technology agreements during the year coupled with a legal
settlement in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007. 

 Amortization
expense decreased during fiscal 2007 as compared to fiscal 2006 due to the decrease in the Macromedia purchased technology amortization during the third quarter of fiscal
2007 offset in
part by an increase due to charges incurred in connection with certain technology licensing arrangements entered into during the second quarter of fiscal 2007. Amortization expense increased during
fiscal 2006 as compared to fiscal 2005 due to the purchased technology amortization associated with the Macromedia acquisition. 

Services and Support 

Cost of services and support revenue is primarily comprised of employee-related costs and associated costs incurred to provide consulting services, training and
product support. 

 Cost
of services and support revenue increased during fiscal 2007 as compared to fiscal 2006 due to increases in compensation and related benefits primarily as a result of headcount
increases and increases in costs to support consulting engagements and product releases. 

 Cost
of services and support revenue increased during fiscal 2006 as compared to fiscal 2005 due to compensation and related benefits and travel expenses as a result of higher headcount
related to increases 

 59 

in
services and support activities. Included in compensation costs for fiscal 2006 are compensation and related benefits, including stock-based compensation costs as a result of adopting
SFAS 123R at the beginning of fiscal 2006. See Note 11 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the impact of
SFAS 123R. Cost of services and support revenue also increased due to costs associated with our Expert Support program. 

 Operating Expenses 

Overview 

Included in compensation costs for fiscal 2006 and 2007 are compensation and related benefits, including stock-based compensation costs as a result of adopting
SFAS 123R at the beginning of fiscal 2006. Percentage changes from fiscal 2005 to fiscal 2006 include the implementation of SFAS 123R. See Note 11 of our
Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the impact of SFAS 123R . Additionally, compensation costs increased in fiscal 2006 as compared to
fiscal 2005 due to the Macromedia acquisition. 

Research and Development 

Fiscal 
2007 
 
 Change 
2007 to 2006 
 
 Fiscal 
2006 
 
 Change 
2006 to 2005 
 
 Fiscal 
2005 

Expenses 

613.2 
 
 14 

539.7 
 
 48 

365.3 

Percentage of total revenue 

19 

21 

19 

Research
and development expenses consist primarily of salary and benefit expenses for software developers, contracted development efforts, related facilities costs and expenses
associated with computer equipment used in software development. 

 Research
and development expenses fluctuated due to the following: 

Change 
2007 to 2006 
 
 Change 
2006 to 2005 

Increased compensation and related benefits associated with headcount growth 
 
 9 
 
 21 

Increased compensation associated with incentive compensation and stock-based compensation 
 
 5 
 
 16 

Increased facility costs related to acquisition of Macromedia 

5 

Increased professional fees and contractor costs 

1 

Increased repairs and maintenance 

1 

Increased purchases of equipment and software licenses 

1 

Various individually insignificant items 

3 

Total change 
 
 14 
 
 48 

The
increase in compensation for fiscal 2007 relates to higher expense for profit sharing and employee bonuses based on company performance. 

 We
believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are
directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced products. We will continue to focus on long-term opportunities available in our end markets and make significant
investments in the development of our desktop application and server-based software products. 

 60 

Sales and Marketing 

Fiscal 
2007 
 
 Change 
2007 to 2006 
 
 Fiscal 
2006 
 
 Change 
2006 to 2005 
 
 Fiscal 
2005 

Expenses 

984.4 
 
 14 

867.1 
 
 46 

593.3 

Percentage of total revenue 

31 

34 

30 

Sales
and marketing expenses consist primarily of salary and benefit expenses, sales commissions, travel expenses and related facilities costs for our sales, marketing, order management
and global supply chain management personnel. Sales and marketing expenses also include the costs of programs aimed at increasing revenue, such as advertising, trade shows, public relations and other
market development programs. 

 Sales
and marketing expenses fluctuated due to the following: 

Change 
2007 to 2006 
 
 Change 
2006 to 2005 

Increased compensation associated with incentive compensation and stock-based compensation 
 
 6 
 
 17 

Increased compensation and related benefits associated with headcount growth 
 
 3 
 
 16 

Increased professional fees and contractor costs 
 
 2 
 
 6 

Increased marketing spending related to product launches and overall marketing efforts to further increase revenue 
 
 2 
 
 4 

Increased facility costs 
 
 1 
 
 3 

Total change 
 
 14 
 
 46 

The
increase in compensation for fiscal 2007 relates to higher expense for profit sharing and employee bonuses based on company performance. 

General and Administrative 

Fiscal 
2007 
 
 Change 
2007 to 2006 
 
 Fiscal 
2006 
 
 Change 
2006 to 2005 
 
 Fiscal 
2005 

Expenses 

275.0 
 
 17 

234.6 
 
 41 

166.7 

Percentage of total revenue 

9 

9 

8 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation and benefit expenses, travel expenses and related facilities costs for our finance, facilities, human resources,
legal, information services and executive personnel. General and administrative expenses also include outside legal and accounting fees, provision for bad debts, expenses associated with computer
equipment and software used in the administration of the business, charitable contributions and various forms of insurance. 

 61 

General
and administrative expenses fluctuated due to the following: 

Change 
2007 to 2006 
 
 Change 
2006 to 2005 

Increased compensation associated with incentive compensation and stock-based compensation 
 
 8 
 
 14 

Increased compensation and related benefits associated with headcount growth 
 
 3 
 
 7 

Increased professional fees and contractor fees 
 
 2 
 
 10 

Increased depreciation and amortization 
 
 2 
 
 5 

Increased repairs and maintenance 

4 

Increased provision for bad debt 

1 

Various individually insignificant items 
 
 2 

Total change 
 
 17 
 
 41 

The
increase in compensation for fiscal 2007 relates to higher expense for profit sharing and employee bonuses based on company performance. 

 The
increase in professional and contractor fees in fiscal 2006 as compared to fiscal 2005 relates primarily to legal fees. 

Restructuring and Other Charges 

Fiscal 
2007 
 
 Change 
2007 to 2006 
 
 Fiscal 
2006 
 
 Change 
2006 to 2005 
 
 Fiscal 
2005 

Expenses 

0.6 
 
 (97) 
 
 20.3 

Percentage of total revenue 

1 

Percentage
is not meaningful. 

 In
the first quarter of fiscal 2006, pursuant to Board of Directors' approval, we implemented a restructuring plan to eliminate approximately 313 positions held by Adobe employees
worldwide, which impacted all functional areas. The reduction in force was completed in fiscal 2006. The restructuring plan also includes costs related to the world-wide consolidation of
facilities, the cancellation of certain contracts and the write-off of fixed assets located at facilities that
have been vacated. See Note 9 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the Adobe restructuring
charges. 

 Additionally,
we have a 17.7 million liability for restructuring as of November 30, 2007 primarily associated with the Macromedia restructured facilities. We expect to pay
this liability through fiscal 2011. 

We
did not incur any restructuring and other charges in fiscal 2005. 

Amortization of Purchased Technology 

Fiscal 
2007 
 
 Change 
2007 to 2006 
 
 Fiscal 
2006 
 
 Change 
2006 to 2005 
 
 Fiscal 
2005 

Expenses 

72.4 
 
 4 

69.9 

Percentage of total revenue 

2 

3 

Percentage
is not meaningful. 

 As
a result of our acquisition of Macromedia, we acquired purchased intangibles which will be amortized over their estimated useful lives of two to four years. In addition, during fiscal
2007, we 

 62 

completed
three acquisitions and acquired purchased intangibles which will be amortized over their estimated useful lives. 

Included
in the amortization of purchased intangibles for fiscal 2007, is 1.5 million related to the write-off of in-process research and development from an
acquisition that occurred during the second quarter of fiscal 2007. 

 Non-operating Income 

Fiscal 
2007 
 
 Change 
2007 to 2006 
 
 Fiscal 
2006 
 
 Change 
2006 to 2005 
 
 Fiscal 
2005 

Investment gain (loss), net 

7.1 
 
 (88) 
 
 61.2 

(1.3) 

Percentage of total revenue 

2 

Interest and other income, net 

82.5 
 
 23 

67.2 
 
 74 

38.6 

Percentage of total revenue 

3 

3 

2 

Total non-operating income 

89.6 

128.4 

37.3 

Percentage
is not meaningful. 

Investment Gain (Loss), net 

Investment gain (loss), net consists principally of realized gains or losses from the sale of marketable equity investments,
other-than-temporary declines in the value of marketable and non-marketable equity securities and gains and losses of Adobe Ventures. 

 Investment
Gain (Loss), net fluctuated due to the following: 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Net gains (losses) related to our investments in Adobe Ventures and cost method investments 

6.9 

(6.5) 
 
 (1.0) 

Gains from sale of equity investments 

0.2 

67.9 

Write-downs due to other-than-temporary declines in value of our marketable equity securities 

(0.6) 

Gains from sale of short-term investments 

0.1 

Gains (losses) on stock warrants 

(0.2) 
 
 0.2 

Total investment gain (loss) 

7.1 

61.2 

(1.3) 

Investment
gains were higher in fiscal 2006 when compared to fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2005 due to the sale of our investment in Atom Entertainment, Inc. during the fourth quarter of
fiscal 2006. 

Interest and Other Income, net 

The largest component of interest and other income, net is interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and short-term fixed income investments, but also
includes gains and losses on the sale of fixed income investments, foreign exchange gains and losses, including those from hedging transactions, and interest expense. 

 Interest
and other income, net increased during fiscal 2007 as compared to fiscal 2006 primarily as a result of higher rates of return on invested cash and short-term
investments. 

 Interest
and other income, net increased during fiscal 2006 compared to fiscal 2005 due to higher levels of cash and short-term investments and higher rates of return during
fiscal 2006. These gains were partially offset by losses associated with our foreign currency hedging program. 

 63 

Provision for Income Taxes 

Fiscal 
2007 
 
 Change 
2007 to 2006 
 
 Fiscal 
2006 
 
 Change 
2006 to 2005 
 
 Fiscal 
2005 

Provision 

223.4 
 
 28 

173.9 
 
 7 

162.9 

Percentage of total revenue 

7 

7 

8 

Effective tax rate 

24 

26 

21 

Our
effective tax rate decreased approximately 2 during fiscal 2007 as compared to fiscal 2006. The decrease is primarily due to the reinstatement of the federal research and
development tax credit in December 2006. The reinstatement of the credit was retroactive to January 1, 2006. A 12.3 million cumulative tax benefit for the credit relating to
fiscal 2006 was reflected in its entirety in the first quarter of fiscal 2007. 

 Our
effective tax rate increased 5 during fiscal 2006 as compared to fiscal 2005. The net increase is primarily due to the expiration of the federal research and development tax credit
on December 31, 2005 and because the 2005 effective tax rate included a tax benefit recognized in connection with the repatriation of certain foreign earnings. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

 This data should be read in conjunction with the consolidated statements of cash flows. 

Fiscal 2007 
 
 Fiscal 2006 

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 

1,993.9 

2,280.9 

Working capital 

1,720.6 

2,207.1 

Stockholders' equity 

4,650.0 

5,151.9 

Summary
of our cash flows: 

Fiscal 
2007 
 
 Fiscal 
2006 
 
 Fiscal 
2005 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

1,439.3 

900.0 

758.4 

Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities 

83.3 

195.2 

(348.4) 

Net cash used for financing activities 

(1,350.4) 
 
 (747.4) 
 
 (246.6) 

Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 

1.7 

3.9 

(1.6) 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

173.9 

351.7 

161.8 

Our
primary source of cash is receipts from revenue. The primary uses of cash are payroll related expenses; general operating expenses including marketing, travel and office rent; and
cost of product revenue. Another source of cash is proceeds from the exercise of employee options and participation in the employee stock purchase plan and another use of cash is our stock repurchase
program, which is detailed below. 

 Cash flows from operating activities 

 Net cash provided by operating activities of 1.4 billion for fiscal 2007, was primarily comprised of net income, net of non-cash related
expenses. The primary working capital sources of cash were increases in net income, accrued expenses, income taxes payable, deferred revenue and trade payables and decreases in trade receivables. Net
changes in accrued expenses is primarily attributable to increases in accrued bonuses and accrued localization costs related to the localization of CS3 during fiscal 2007. Income taxes payable
increased due to overall increased taxable income. Increases to deferred revenue relate primarily to 

 64 

deferred
maintenance and service revenue due to strong upgrade plan sales in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007 for CS3 and related point products. The decrease in accounts receivable was due to
collections in the first quarter of fiscal 2007 related to high Acrobat 8 sales at the end of fiscal 2006 and strong collections during the third quarter of fiscal 2007 resulting from shipments
of our CS3 family of products. We ended fiscal 2007 with days sales outstanding ("DSO") in trade receivables of 32 days. 

 The
primary working capital uses of cash were payments for accrued restructuring costs and outlays for prepaid expenses and other current assets. Accrued restructuring decreased
primarily due to payments for facility and severance costs for fiscal 2007. See Note 9 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding our
restructuring charges. 

 Net
cash provided by operating activities of 900.0 million for fiscal 2006, was primarily comprised of net income, net of non-cash related expenses. The primary
working capital sources of cash were decreases in other current assets and increases in income taxes payable and deferred revenue. Income taxes payable increased primarily due to higher current tax
liabilities related to overall increased taxable income. Deferred revenue increased primarily due to increased maintenance and support obligations. 

 Working
capital uses of cash included increases in trade receivables and decreases in accrued restructuring and accrued expenses. Our trade receivables increased due to increased revenue
and our DSO was 48 days ending fiscal 2006. Net changes to accrued expenses was attributable primarily to decreases in compensation related costs and other expenses. Accrued restructuring
decreased due to payments made during fiscal 2006. 

 Net
cash provided by operating activities of 758.4 million for fiscal 2005, was primarily comprised of net income, net of non-cash related expenses. The primary
working capital sources of cash were increases in accrued expenses, income taxes payable and deferred revenue. Net changes to accrued expenses were attributable primarily to increases in compensation
related costs and marketing expenses. Income taxes payable increased as a result of higher current tax liabilities related to
repatriation of certain foreign earnings and overall increased taxable income. Deferred revenue increased primarily due to increased maintenance and support obligations including deferrals for free
upgrades associated with certain product releases. 

 Working
capital uses of cash included increases in trade receivables and other current assets. Our accounts receivable increased due to higher revenue during the period. Our DSO was
31 days ending fiscal 2005. 

 We
discontinued our practice of paying quarterly cash dividends after payment of the dividend for the first quarter of fiscal 2005. Under the terms of our credit agreement and lease
agreements we are not prohibited from paying cash dividends unless payment would trigger an event of default or one currently exists. We intend to use the cash previously used to pay the quarterly
dividend for our ongoing stock repurchase programs. 

 Cash flows from investing activities 

 Net cash from investing activities decreased from net cash provided for fiscal 2006 of 195.2 million to net cash provided for fiscal 2007 of
 83.3 million. In fiscal 2006, net cash acquired with the Macromedia acquisition amounted to 488.4 million and the sale of our minority equity investment in Atom
Entertainment, Inc. amounted to 82.3 million. No similar transactions of this magnitude occurred during fiscal 2007. The primary sources of cash during fiscal 2007 were sales and
maturities of short-term investments offset in part by purchases of short-term investments. Uses of cash during fiscal 2007 included purchases of property and equipment,
purchases of long-term investments and other assets which relate primarily to the technology licensing arrangements that occurred during the second quarter of fiscal 2007 and three
acquisitions completed in fiscal 2007. Additionally, as part of our lease extension for the Almaden Tower lease completed during the second fiscal quarter of 2007, we purchased a portion of the lease
receivable totaling 80.4 million. See Note 15 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding this lease
extension. 

 65 

Net cash from investing activities increased from net cash used for fiscal 2005 of 348.4 million to net cash provided for fiscal 2006 of 195.2 million primarily due to
net cash acquired with the Macromedia acquisition and the sale of our minority equity investment in Atom Entertainment, Inc. in fiscal 2006. These proceeds were offset in part by purchases of
short-term investments, net of sales and maturities, acquisitions of property, plant and equipment, cash paid for acquisitions and purchases of long-term investments. 

 Cash flows from financing activities 

 Net cash used for financing activities increased 602.8 million for a total of 1.4 billion during fiscal 2007 as compared to cash used for the same
period last year. Net cash used for financing activities increased 500.8 million for a total of 747.4 million during fiscal 2006 as compared to cash used of 246.6 million
during fiscal 2005. Increases in both periods presented were primarily due to additional purchases of treasury stock when compared to the prior year. Cash used for stock repurchases increased from the
respective periods presented due to a higher average cost per share, a greater number of shares being repurchased and remaining prepayments related to stock repurchase agreements. (See the following sections titled "Stock
Repurchase Program I and Stock Repurchase Program II") . 

 We
expect to continue our investing activities, including short-term and long-term investments and purchases of computer systems for research and development,
sales and marketing, product support and administrative staff. Furthermore, cash reserves may be used to repurchase stock under our stock repurchase programs and strategically acquire software
companies, products or technologies that are complementary to our business. The Board of Directors has approved a facilities expansion for our operations in India, which may include the purchase of
land and buildings. As previously disclosed, we plan to invest 100.0 million directly in venture capital, of which, approximately 16.2 million has already been spent. The remaining
balance will be invested over the next three to five years. 

 Our
existing cash, cash equivalents and investment balances may decline during fiscal 2008 in the event of a weakening of the economy or changes in our planned cash outlay. However,
based on our current business plan and revenue prospects, we believe that our existing balances, our anticipated cash flows from operations and our available credit facility will be sufficient to meet
our working capital and operating resource expenditure requirements for the next twelve months. Cash from operations could be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to
the risks detailed in Part II, Item 1A titled "Risk Factors". During the third quarter of fiscal 2007, we also increased our existing
 500.0 million credit facility to 1.0 billion. This credit facility will be used to provide backup liquidity for general corporate purposes including stock repurchases. In January 2008,
we drew down 450.0 million under this facility. Also, we believe that our banking relationships and good credit should afford us the opportunity to raise additional capital in the bank or
public market, if required. See Notes 16 and 21 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding our credit
facility. 

 We
use professional investment management firms to manage most of our invested cash. External investment firms managed, on average, 73 of our invested balances during the fourth quarter
of fiscal 2007. Within the U.S., the fixed income portfolio is primarily invested in municipal bonds. Outside of the U.S., our fixed income portfolio is primarily invested in U.S. Treasury notes and
highly rated corporate notes. The balance of the fixed income portfolio is managed internally and invested primarily in money market funds for working capital purposes. As of the end of fiscal 2007,
 530.8 million of the securities now classified as short-term investments have structural features that allow us to sell the securities at par within 90 days and thus retain
similar liquidity characteristics as cash equivalents. All investments are made according to policies approved by the Board of Directors. 

 66 

Stock Repurchase Program I 

 To facilitate our stock repurchase program, designed to return value to our stockholders and minimize dilution from stock issuances, we repurchase shares in the
open market and from time to time enter into structured stock repurchase agreements with third parties. 

 Authorization
to repurchase shares to cover on-going dilution is not subject to expiration. However, this repurchase program is limited to covering net dilution from stock
issuances and is subject to business conditions and cash flow requirements as determined by our Board of Directors from time to time. Refer to Part II, Item 5 in
this Report for share repurchases during the quarter ended November 30, 2007. 

 As
part of this program, on April 17, 2005, the Board of Directors approved the use of an additional 1.0 billion for stock repurchases commencing upon the close of the
Macromedia acquisition. This additional 1.0 billion in stock repurchases was completed by the third quarter of fiscal 2006. 

 During
fiscal 2007 and 2006, we entered into several structured repurchase agreements with large financial institutions, whereupon we provided the financial institutions with prepayments
of 1.1 billion and 1.3 billion, respectively. We entered into these agreements in order to take advantage of
repurchasing shares at a guaranteed discount to the Volume Weighted Average Price ("VWAP") of our common stock. We only enter into such transactions when the discount that we receive is higher than
the foregone return on our cash prepayments to the financial institutions. There were no explicit commissions or fees on these structured repurchases. Under the terms of the agreements, there is no
requirement for the financial institutions to return any portion of the prepayment to us. 

The
financial institutions agree to deliver shares to us at periodic intervals during the contract term. The parameters used to calculate the number of shares deliverable are: the total
notional amount of the contract, the number of trading days in the contract, the number of trading days in the interval, and the average VWAP of our stock during the interval less the agreed upon
discount. 

 For
fiscal 2007, the prepayments were classified as treasury stock on our balance sheet at the payment date, though only shares physically delivered to us by November 30, 2007 are
excluded from the denominator in the computation of earnings per share. All outstanding structured repurchase agreements as of November 30, 2007 under this program will expire on or before
June 19, 2008. As of November 30, 2007 approximately 422.6 million of up-front payments remained under the agreements. During fiscal 2007, we repurchased
22.0 million shares at an average price of 40.04 through structured repurchase agreements which included prepayments from fiscal 2006. 

 Subsequent
to November 30, 2007, we entered into additional structured stock repurchase agreements with large financial institutions whereupon we provided the financial
institutions with prepayments of 150.0 million. The 150.0 million will be classified as treasury stock on our balance sheet. See Notes 12 and 21 of our
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding our structured stock repurchase agreements. 

 Stock Repurchase Program II 

 In April 2007, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a new stock repurchase program. Under the new program, which is not subject to
expiration, we are authorized to repurchase in aggregate up to 20.0 million shares of our common stock. This program is in addition to our existing stock repurchase program designed to return
value to our shareholders and offset dilution from employee stock programs. During fiscal 2007, we had provided prepayments of 850.0 million under structured share repurchase agreements to
large financial institutions under this program. During fiscal 2007, we repurchased 17.7 million shares through structured share repurchase agreements at an average price of 40.50 and
approximately 133.7 million of up-front payments remained under these agreements. All outstanding structured repurchase agreements as of November 30, 2007 under this program
will expire on or before March 18, 2008. 

 67 

As
part of this program, in November 2007, the Board of Directors approved a 30 million share increase commencing in fiscal 2008 to this Stock Repurchase Program II.
This increases the authorization under this program from the original 20 million shares to 50 million shares. Subsequent to November 30, 2007, we entered into additional
structured stock repurchase agreements with large financial institutions whereupon we provided the financial institutions with prepayments of 1.0 billion. The 1.0 billion will be
classified as treasury stock on our balance sheet. See Notes 12 and 21 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding our structured
stock repurchase agreements. 

Summary of Stock Repurchases for fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005 (in thousands, except average amounts) 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Board Approval Date 
 
 Repurchases 
Under the Plan 
 
 Shares 
 
 Average 
 
 Shares 
 
 Average 
 
 Shares 
 
 Average 

December 1997 
 
 From employees (1) 

39 

39.24 

134 

37.10 

7 

29.16 

Open market 

1,650 

36.04 

Structured repurchases (2) 

22,012 

40.04 

36,792 

34.00 

18,708 

30.61 

April 2007 
 
 Structured repurchases (2) 

17,684 

40.50 

Total shares 

39,735 

40.25 

38,576 

34.10 

18,715 

30.61 

Total cost 

1,599,214 

1,315,317 

572,930 

(1) The
repurchases from employees represent shares cancelled when surrendered in lieu of cash payments for the option exercise price or withholding taxes due.
 (2) Stock
repurchase agreements executed with large financial institutions. See "Stock Repurchase Program I" and "Stock Repurchase Program II" above. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Aggregate Contractual Obligations 

 Our principal commitments as of November 30, 2007, consist of obligations under operating leases, royalty agreements and various service agreements. See
Note 15 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our commitments . 

Lease Commitments 

Two of our lease agreements are subject to standard financial covenants. As of November 30, 2007, we were in compliance with all of our financial covenants
and we expect to remain in compliance during the next 12 months. We believe these limitations will not impact our credit or cash in the coming fiscal year or restrict our ability to execute our
business plan. 

 The
following table summarizes our contractual commitments as of November 30, 2007: 

Total 
 
 Less than 1 year 
 
 1-3 years 
 
 3-5 years 
 
 Over 5 years 

Total non-cancellable operating leases 

291.1 

55.3 

78.5 

46.1 

111.2 

Total purchase commitments 

140.0 

133.2 

6.8 

Total 

431.1 

188.5 

85.3 

46.1 

111.2 

68 

Royalties 

We have certain royalty commitments associated with the shipment and licensing of certain products. Royalty expense is generally based on a dollar amount per unit
shipped or a percentage of the underlying revenue. 

Guarantees 

The lease agreements for our corporate headquarters provide for residual value guarantees. Under Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Interpretation
No. 45 ("FIN 45"), "Guarantor's Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others", the fair value of a residual value
guarantee in lease agreements entered into after December 31, 2002, must be recognized as a liability on our consolidated balance sheet. As such, we recognized 5.2 million and
 3.0 million in liabilities, related to the extended East and West Towers and Almaden Tower leases, respectively. These liabilities are recorded in other long-term liabilities with
the offsetting entry recorded as prepaid rent in other assets. The balance will be amortized to the income statement over the life of the leases. As of November 30, 2007, the unamortized
portion of the fair value of the residual value guarantees remaining in other long-term liabilities and prepaid rent was 4.2 million. 

Indemnifications 

In the normal course of business, we provide indemnifications of varying scope to customers against claims of intellectual property infringement made by third
parties arising from the use of our products.
Historically, costs related to these indemnification provisions have not been significant and we are unable to estimate the maximum potential impact of these indemnification provisions on our future
results of operations. 

 To
the extent permitted under Delaware law, we have agreements whereby we indemnify our officers and directors for certain events or occurrences while the officer or director is, or was
serving, at our request in such capacity. The indemnification period covers all pertinent events and occurrences during the officer's or director's lifetime. The maximum potential amount of future
payments we could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited; however, we have director and officer insurance coverage that reduces our exposure and enables us to recover
a portion of any future amounts paid. We believe the estimated fair value of these indemnification agreements in excess of applicable insurance coverage is minimal. 

 As
part of our limited partnership interests in Adobe Ventures, we have provided a general indemnification to Granite Ventures, an independent venture capital firm and sole general
partner of Adobe Ventures, for certain events or occurrences while Granite Ventures is, or was serving, at our request in such capacity provided that Granite Ventures acts in good faith on behalf of
the partnership. We are unable to develop an estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments that could potentially result from any hypothetical future claim, but believe the risk of
having to make any payments under this general indemnification to be remote. 

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 See Note 1 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the effect of new accounting pronouncements
on our financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 All market risk sensitive instruments were entered into for non-trading purposes. 

 69 

Foreign Currency Hedging Instruments 

In countries outside the U.S., we transact business, in U.S. dollars and in various other currencies. In Europe and Japan, transactions that are denominated in
Euro and Yen are subject to exposure from movements in exchange rates. We hedge our net recognized foreign currency assets and liabilities with foreign exchange forward contracts to reduce the risk
that our earnings and cash flows will be adversely affected by changes in exchange rates. We have foreign exchange option and forward contracts for Yen- and Euro-denominated
revenue. 

 In
fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005, our revenue exposures were 35.5 billion Yen, 32.8 billion Yen, and 26.4 billion Yen, respectively. In fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005, our
revenue exposures were 595.5 million Euros, 504.7 million Euros, and 411.4 million Euros, respectively. 

Our
Japanese operating expenses are in Yen and our European operating expenses are primarily in Euro, which mitigates a portion of the exposure related to Yen and Euro denominated
product revenue. In addition, we hedge firmly committed transactions using forward contracts. These contracts do subject us to risk of accounting gains and losses; however, the gains and losses on
these contracts largely offset gains and losses on the assets, liabilities and transactions being hedged. We also hedge a percentage of forecasted international revenue with purchased option
contracts. Our revenue hedging policy is intended to neutralize the impact on our forecasted revenue due to foreign currency exchange rate movements. As of November 30, 2007, total outstanding
contracts were 673.0 million which included the notional equivalent of 440.3 million in Euro, 154.3 million in Yen, and 78.4 million in other foreign currencies. These
hedges are foreign currency forward exchange contracts which hedged our balance sheet exposures and purchased put option contracts which hedged our forecasted revenue. As of November 30, 2007,
all contracts were set to expire at various times through June 2008. The bank counterparties in these contracts expose us to credit-related losses in the event of their nonperformance. However,
to mitigate that risk, we only contract with counterparties with specific minimum rating requirements. In addition, our hedging policy establishes maximum limits for each counterparty. 

 In
addition, we also have long-term investment exposures consisting of the capitalization and retained earnings in our non-USD functional currency foreign
subsidiaries. As of November 30, 2007 and December 1, 2006, this long-term investment exposure totaled a notional equivalent of 119.7 million and
 85.9 million, respectively. At this time, we do not hedge these long-term investment exposures. 

Economic Hedging Hedges of Forecasted Transactions 

We use foreign exchange option contracts to hedge certain operational ("cash flow") exposures resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These
foreign exchange option contracts, carried at fair value, may have maturities between one and twelve months. Such cash flow exposures result from portions of our forecasted revenue denominated in
currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Japanese Yen and the Euro. We enter into these foreign exchange option contracts to hedge forecasted product licensing revenue in the normal course
of business, and accordingly, they are not speculative in nature. 

 We
record changes in the intrinsic value of these cash flow hedges in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), until the forecasted transaction occurs. When the forecasted
transaction occurs, we reclassify the related gain or loss on the cash flow hedge to revenue. In the event the underlying forecasted transaction does not occur, or it becomes probable that it will not
occur, we reclassify the gain or loss on the related cash flow hedge from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest and other income (loss) on the consolidated statement of income at
that time. For the fiscal year ended November 30, 2007, there were no such net gains or losses recognized in other income relating to hedges of forecasted transactions that did not occur. 

 70 

See Note 17 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding our hedging activities. 

Balance Sheet Hedging Hedging of Foreign Currency Assets and Liabilities 

We hedge our net recognized foreign currency assets and liabilities with foreign exchange forward contracts to reduce the risk that our earnings and cash flows
will be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These derivative instruments hedge assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies and are carried at fair
value with changes in the fair value recorded as other income (loss). These derivative instruments do not subject us to material balance sheet risk due to exchange rate movements because gains and
losses on these derivatives are intended to offset gains and losses on the assets and liabilities being hedged. At November 30, 2007, the outstanding balance sheet hedging derivatives had
maturities of 90 days or less. 

 A
sensitivity analysis was performed on all of our foreign exchange derivatives as of November 30, 2007. This sensitivity analysis was based on a modeling technique that measures
the hypothetical market value resulting from a 10 shift in the value of exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. For option contracts, the Black-Scholes equation model was used. For forward
contracts, duration modeling was used where hypothetical changes are made to the spot rates of the currency. A 10 increase in the value of the U.S. dollar (and a corresponding decrease in the value
of the hedged foreign currency asset) would lead to an increase in the fair value of our financial hedging instruments by 34.5 million. Conversely, a 10 decrease in the value of the U.S.
dollar would result in a decrease in the fair value of these financial instruments by 17.7 million. 

 We
do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes, nor do we hedge our foreign currency exposure in a manner that entirely offsets the effects of changes in
foreign exchange rates. 

 As
a general rule, we do not use financial instruments to hedge local currency denominated operating expenses in countries where a natural hedge exists. For example, in many countries,
revenue from the local currency product licenses substantially offsets the local currency denominated operating expenses. We assess the need to utilize financial instruments to hedge currency
exposures, primarily related to operating expenses, on an ongoing basis. 

 We
regularly review our hedging program and may as part of this review determine to change our hedging program. 

See Note 17 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding our hedging activities. 

Long-Term Investments 

Long-term investments include both equity holdings in publicly traded companies as well as investments in several privately-held
companies. We have a policy in place to review our long-term investments on a regular basis to evaluate whether or not a security has experienced an
other-than-temporary decline in fair value. 

 Our
policy includes, but is not limited to, reviewing each company's cash position, financing needs, earnings and revenue outlook, operational performance, stock price performance over
the past six months, liquidity, management and ownership changes and competition. The evaluation of privately-held companies is based on information that we request from these companies
which is not subject to the same disclosure regulations as U.S. publicly traded companies, and as such, the basis for these evaluations is subject to the timing and accuracy of the data received from
these companies. If we believe the carrying value of our investment is in excess of fair value, it is our policy to write down these long-term investments to fair value and record the
related write-down in our consolidated statements of income. 

 71 

We
are exposed to equity price risk on our portfolio of marketable equity securities. As of November 30, 2007, our total equity holdings in publicly traded companies were valued
at 20.8 million compared to 11.9 million at December 1, 2006. The increase was due to the change in the fair market value of our equity holdings during fiscal 2007. See Note 6 for information regarding
our limited partnership interest in Adobe Ventures. 

 The
privately-held companies in which we invest, can still be considered in the start-up or development stages which are inherently risky. The technologies or
products these companies have under development are typically in the early stages and may never materialize, which could result in a loss of a substantial part of our initial investment in these
companies. 

 The
following table represents the potential decrease in fair values of our marketable equity securities as of November 30, 2007, that are sensitive to changes in the stock
market. Fair value deteriorations of 50 , 35 and 15 were selected for illustrative purposes because none is more likely to occur than another. 

50 
 
 35 
 
 15 

Marketable equity securities 

(10.4) 
 
 (7.3) 
 
 (3.1) 

Fixed Income Investments 

At November 30, 2007, we had debt securities classified as short-term investments of 1,026.6 million. Changes in interest rates could
adversely affect the market value of these investments. The table below separates these investments, based on stated maturities, to show the approximate exposure to interest rates. 

Due within one year 

808.3 

Due within two years 

194.8 

Due within three years 

23.5 

Due after three years 

Total 

1,026.6 

A
sensitivity analysis was performed on our investment portfolio as of November 30, 2007. This sensitivity analysis was based on a modeling technique that measures the
hypothetical market value changes that would result from a parallel shift in the yield curve of plus 50, 100, or 150 basis points over six-month and twelve-month time horizons. The
following table represents the potential change in the value of our fixed income securities given an increase in interest rates of various magnitudes. 

0.5 
 
 1.0 
 
 1.5 

6 month horizon 

(0.5) 
 
 (1.0) 
 
 (1.5) 

12 month horizon 

1.2 

2.3 

3.5 

We
limit our exposure to interest rate and credit risk by establishing and monitoring clear policies and guidelines for our fixed income portfolios. Our investment policy limits the
maximum weighted average duration of all invested funds to 2.5 years. The guidelines also establish credit quality standards, limits on exposure to any one security issue, limits on exposure to
any one issuer and limits on exposure to the type of instrument. 

 72 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 74 

Consolidated Statements of Income 
 
 75 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity and Comprehensive Income 
 
 76 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 77 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 78 

Report of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 119 

73 

ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except per share data) 

November 30, 2007 
 
 December 1, 2006 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

946,422 

772,500 

Short-term investments 

1,047,432 

1,508,379 

Trade receivables, net of allowances for doubtful accounts of 4,398 and 6,798, respectively 

318,145 

356,815 

Other receivables 

44,666 

51,851 

Deferred income taxes 

171,472 

155,613 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

44,840 

39,311 

Total current assets 

2,572,977 

2,884,469 

Property and equipment, net 

289,758 

227,197 

Goodwill 

2,148,102 

2,149,494 

Purchased and other intangibles, net 

402,619 

506,405 

Investment in lease receivable 

207,239 

126,800 

Other assets 

92,984 

68,183 

5,713,679 

5,962,548 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Trade and other payables 

66,867 

55,031 

Accrued expenses 

383,436 

303,550 

Accrued restructuring 

3,731 

10,088 

Income taxes payable 

215,058 

178,368 

Deferred revenue 

183,318 

130,310 

Total current liabilities 

852,410 

677,347 

Long-term liabilities: 

Deferred revenue 

25,950 

32,644 

Deferred income taxes 

148,943 

70,715 

Accrued restructuring 

13,987 

21,984 

Other liabilities 

22,407 

7,982 

Total liabilities 

1,063,697 

810,672 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' equity: 

Preferred stock, 0.0001 par value; 2,000 shares authorized; none issued 

Common stock, 0.0001 par value; 900,000 shares authorized; 600,834 shares issued; 571,409 and 587,226 shares outstanding, respectively 

61 

61 

Additional paid-in-capital 

2,340,969 

2,451,610 

Retained earnings 

4,041,592 

3,317,785 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

27,948 

6,344 

Treasury stock, at cost (29,425 and 13,608 shares, respectively), net of re-issuances 

(1,760,588) 
 
 (623,924) 

Total stockholders' equity 

4,649,982 

5,151,876 

5,713,679 

5,962,548 

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 74 

ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (In thousands, except per share data) 

Years Ended 

November 30, 2007 
 
 December 1, 2006 
 
 December 2, 2005 

Revenue: 

Products 

3,019,524 

2,484,710 

1,923,278 

Services and support 

138,357 

90,590 

43,043 

Total revenue 

3,157,881 

2,575,300 

1,966,321 

Costs of revenue: 

Products 

270,818 

226,506 

89,942 

Services and support 

83,876 

65,951 

22,636 

Total cost of revenue 

354,694 

292,457 

112,578 

Gross profit 

2,803,187 

2,282,843 

1,853,743 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

613,242 

539,684 

365,328 

Sales and marketing 

984,388 

867,145 

593,323 

General and administrative 

274,982 

234,597 

166,658 

Restructuring and other charges 

555 

20,251 

Amortization of purchased intangibles and incomplete technology 

72,435 

69,873 

Total operating expenses 

1,945,602 

1,731,550 

1,125,309 

Operating income 

857,585 

551,293 

728,434 

Non-operating income: 

Investment gain (loss), net 

7,134 

61,249 

(1,301) 

Interest and other income, net 

82,471 

67,185 

38,643 

Total non-operating income 

89,605 

128,434 

37,342 

Income before income taxes 

947,190 

679,727 

765,776 

Provision for income taxes 

223,383 

173,918 

162,937 

Net income 

723,807 

505,809 

602,839 

Basic net income per share 

1.24 

0.85 

1.23 

Shares used in computing basic income per share 

584,203 

593,750 

489,921 

Diluted net income per share 

1.21 

0.83 

1.19 

Shares used in computing diluted income per share 

598,775 

612,222 

508,070 

Cash dividends declared per share 

0.00625 

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 75 

ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In thousands) 

Common Stock 

Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income/(Loss) 
 
 Treasury Stock 

Additional 
Paid-In 
Capital 
 
 Retained 
Earnings 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Total 

Balances at December 3, 2004 
 
 591,528 

30 

1,194,189 

2,238,807 

(2,289) 
 (107,154) 
 
 (2,007,260) 
 
 1,423,477 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

602,839 

602,839 

Other comprehensive income, net of taxes 

1,375 

1,375 

Total comprehensive income, net of taxes 

604,214 

Tax benefit from employee stock option plans 

82,852 

82,852 

Issuance of compensatory stock 

189 

16 

202 

391 

Dividends declared 

(3,056) 

(3,056) 

Purchase of treasury stock 

(18,715) 
 
 (600,099) 
 
 (600,099) 

Re-issuance of treasury stock under employee stock purchase and stock option plans 

73,462 

23,054 

283,085 

356,547 

Stock dividend 

30 

(30) 

Balances at December 2, 2005 
 
 591,528 

60 

1,350,692 

2,838,560 

(914) 
 (102,799) 
 
 (2,324,072) 
 
 1,864,326 

Cumulative effect of adjustments from the adoption of SAB No. 108, net of taxes 

27,422 

(26,584) 

838 

Adjusted balances as of December 2, 2005 
 
 591,528 

60 

1,378,114 

2,811,976 

(914) 
 (102,799) 
 
 (2,324,072) 
 
 1,865,164 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

505,809 

505,809 

Other comprehensive income, net of taxes 

7,258 

7,258 

Total comprehensive income, net of taxes 

513,067 

Issuance of common stock and re-issuance of treasury stock under stock compensation plans 
 
 3,058 

(385,618) 

24,972 

895,430 

509,812 

Tax benefit from employee stock option plans 

143,118 

143,118 

Purchase of treasury stock 

(38,576) 
 
 (1,364,412) 
 
 (1,364,412) 

Stock-based compensation 

170,534 

170,534 

Issuance of common stock, re-issuance of treasury stock and stock options assumed for acquisition 
 
 6,248 

1 

1,145,462 

102,795 

2,169,130 

3,314,593 

Balances at December 1, 2006 
 
 600,834 

61 

2,451,610 

3,317,785 

6,344 
 
 (13,608) 
 
 (623,924) 
 
 5,151,876 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

723,807 

723,807 

Other comprehensive income, net of taxes 

21,604 

21,604 

Total comprehensive income, net of taxes 

745,411 

Re-issuance of treasury stock under stock compensation plans 

(298,776) 

23,918 

814,863 

516,087 

Tax benefit from employee stock option plans 

66,966 

66,966 

Purchase of treasury stock 

(39,735) 
 
 (1,951,527) 
 
 (1,951,527) 

Stock-based compensation 

149,987 

149,987 

Adjustment to the valuation of Macromedia assumed options 

(28,818) 

(28,818) 

Balances at November 30, 2007 
 
 600,834 

61 

2,340,969 

4,041,592 

27,948 
 
 (29,425) 
 
 (1,760,588) 
 
 4,649,982 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 76 

ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) 

Years Ended 

November 30, 
2007 
 
 December 1, 
2006 
 
 December 2, 
2005 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

723,807 

505,809 

602,839 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

315,464 

307,822 

82,775 

Stock-based compensation expense 

149,987 

170,534 

391 

Deferred income taxes 

58,385 

(4,264) 
 
 (7,068) 

Tax benefit from employee stock option plans 

55,074 

143,118 

82,852 

Retirements of property and equipment 

1,191 

767 

1,093 

Provision for (recovery of) losses on receivables 

(1,367) 
 
 1,107 

394 

Provision for estimated returns 

156,761 

97,566 

92,754 

Net (gains) losses on sales and impairments of investments 

(6,776) 
 
 (63,593) 
 
 1,322 

Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 

(85,050) 
 
 (107,524) 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquired assets and assumed liabilities: 

Trade and other receivables 

(103,244) 
 
 (210,410) 
 
 (128,845) 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

(2,517) 
 
 12,430 

(10,585) 

Trade and other payables 

11,545 

11,794 

(2,456) 

Accrued expenses 

75,254 

(31,057) 
 
 26,278 

Accrued restructuring 

(13,796) 
 
 (41,091) 

Income taxes payable 

61,448 

27,247 

8,616 

Deferred revenue 

43,137 

79,690 

8,029 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

1,439,303 

899,945 

758,389 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of short-term investments 

(2,503,147) 
 
 (1,596,442) 
 
 (1,849,862) 

Maturities of short-term investments 

516,839 

357,775 

309,202 

Sales of short-term investments 

2,457,347 

1,010,284 

1,291,131 

Purchases of long-term investments and other assets 

(110,189) 
 
 (28,381) 
 
 (41,792) 

Acquisitions of property and equipment 

(132,075) 
 
 (83,250) 
 
 (48,875) 

Cash received from acquisitions 

1,676 

492,758 

1,278 

Cash paid for acquisitions 

(77,204) 
 
 (48,351) 
 
 (10,819) 

Investment in lease receivable 

(80,439) 

Proceeds from sale of equity securities and other assets 

11,342 

90,793 

1,338 

Payment of issuance costs for credit facility 

(856) 

Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities 

83,294 

195,186 

(348,399) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Purchase of treasury stock 

(1,951,527) 
 
 (1,364,412) 
 
 (600,099) 

Proceeds from re-issuance of treasury stock 

516,087 

509,506 

356,547 

Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 

85,050 

107,524 

Payment of dividends. 

(3,044) 

Net cash used for financing activities 

(1,350,390) 
 
 (747,382) 
 
 (246,596) 

Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 

1,715 

3,933 

(1,637) 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

173,922 

351,682 

161,757 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

772,500 

420,818 

259,061 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

946,422 

772,500 

420,818 

Supplemental disclosures: 

Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds 

55,236 

36,632 

78,633 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Common and treasury stock issued and stock options assumed for Macromedia 

3,436,725 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 77 

ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

 Note 1. Significant Accounting Policies 

 Operations 

 Founded in 1982, Adobe Systems Incorporated is one of the largest and most diversified software companies in the world. We offer a line of creative, business and
mobile software and services used by creative professionals, designers, knowledge workers, high-end consumers, OEM partners, developers and enterprises for creating, managing, delivering
and engaging with compelling content and experiences across multiple operating systems, devices and media. We distribute our products through a network of distributors and dealers, VARs, systems
integrators, ISVs and OEMs, direct to end users and through our own Web site at www.adobe.com. We also license our technology to hardware manufacturers, software developers and service providers, and
we offer integrated software solutions to businesses of all sizes. We have operations in the Americas, EMEA and Asia. Our software runs on personal computers with Microsoft Windows, Apple OS, Linux,
UNIX and various non-PC platforms, depending on the product. 

Basis of Presentation 

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include those of Adobe and its subsidiaries, after elimination of all intercompany accounts and transactions.
We have prepared the accompanying consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and pursuant to the rules and
regulations of the SEC. 

 Use of Estimates 

 In the preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and pursuant to the rules
and regulations of the SEC, we must make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, at the date of the
balance sheet, and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

 Fiscal Year 

 Our fiscal year is a 52- or 53-week year that ends on the Friday closest to November 30. 

 Stock Dividend 

 On March 16, 2005, our Board of Directors approved a two-for-one stock split, in the form of a stock dividend, of our common stock
payable on May 23, 2005 to stockholders of record as of May 2, 2005. Share and per share data, for all periods presented, have been adjusted to give effect to this stock split. 

 Reclassification 

 Certain amounts as reported in the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for fiscal 2006 in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows have been revised.
Specifically, 27.3 million related to excess
tax benefits from stock-based compensation have been reclassified from Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities to Net Cash Used for Financing Activities. 

In
addition, certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 78 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

 We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts which reflects our best estimate of potentially uncollectible trade receivables. We regularly review our trade
receivables allowances by considering such factors as historical experience, credit-worthiness, the age of the trade receivable balances and current economic conditions that may affect a customer's
ability to pay. 

Beginning Balance 
 
 Due to Acquisition 
 
 Charged/ 
(Credited) to 
Operating Expenses 
 
 Deductions 
 
 Ending Balance 

Allowance for doubtful accounts: 

Year Ended: 

November 30, 2007 

6,798 

(1,367) 
 
 (1,033) 
 
 4,398 

December 1, 2006 

5,376 
 
 2,105 

1,107 

(1,790) 
 
 6,798 

December 2, 2005 

6,191 

394 

(1,209) 
 
 5,376 

Deductions
related to the allowance for doubtful accounts represent amounts written off against the allowance, less recoveries. 

 Other Receivables 

 Other receivables primarily include tax and interest receivables. 

 Foreign Currency Translation 

 We translate assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries, whose functional currency is their local currency, at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet
date. We translate revenue and expenses at the monthly average exchange rates. We include accumulated net translation adjustments in stockholders' equity as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive income. 

 Property and Equipment 

 We record property and equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Property and equipment are depreciated using the
straight-line method over their estimated useful lives ranging from 2 to 7 years and not to exceed 35 years for buildings. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the
straight-line method over the lesser of the remaining respective lease term or useful lives. 

We
capitalize certain costs for internal-use software incurred during the application development stage, in accordance with American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
("AICPA") Statement of Position 98-1, "Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software Developed or Obtained for Internal Use". 

 Goodwill and Purchased and Other Intangibles 

 In accordance with SFAS No. 142 ("SFAS 142"), "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," we review our goodwill for impairment annually, or more
frequently, if facts and circumstances warrant a review. We completed our annual impairment test in the second quarter of fiscal 2007 and determined that there was no impairment. 

We
evaluate goodwill for impairment by comparing the fair value of each of our reporting segments to its carrying value, including the associated goodwill. To determine the fair values,
we use the market approach based on comparable publicly traded companies in similar lines of businesses and the income approach based on estimated discounted future cash flows. Our cash flow
assumptions consider historical and forecasted revenue, operating costs and other relevant factors. 

 79 

Upon
acquisition, our intangible assets, which are subject to amortization, are recorded at fair value. SFAS 142 requires that intangible assets with finite lives be amortized
over their estimated useful lives and reviewed for impairment whenever an impairment indicator exists under SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived
Assets". We continually monitor events and changes in circumstances that could indicate carrying amounts of our intangible assets may not be recoverable. When such events or changes in circumstances
occur, we assess the recoverability of intangible assets by determining whether the carrying value of such assets will be recovered through the undiscounted expected future cash flows. If the future
undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the intangible assets, we recognize an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the assets. We did
not recognize intangible asset impairment charges in fiscal 2007, 2006 or 2005. 

 Our
intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives of 1 to 15 years. Generally, amortization is based on the pattern in which the economic benefits of the
intangible asset will be consumed. 

 Software Development Costs 

 Capitalization of software development costs for software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed begins upon the establishment of technological feasibility,
which is generally the completion of a working prototype that has been certified as having no critical bugs and is a release candidate. Amortization begins once the software is ready for its intended
use, generally based on the pattern in which the economic benefits will be consumed. To date, software development costs incurred between completion of a working prototype and general availability of
the related product have not been material. 

 Revenue Recognition 

 Our revenue is derived from the licensing of software products, consulting and maintenance and support. Primarily, we recognize revenue pursuant to the
requirements of AICPA Statement of Position 97-2, "Software Revenue Recognition", and any applicable amendments or modifications, when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, we have
delivered the product or performed the service, the fee is fixed or determinable and collection is probable. 

Multiple element arrangements 

We enter into multiple element revenue arrangements in which a customer may purchase a combination of software, upgrades, maintenance and support, and consulting
(multiple-element arrangements). When VSOE of fair value does not exist for all elements, we allocate and defer revenue for the undelivered items based on VSOE of fair value of the undelivered
elements and recognize the difference between the total arrangement fee and the amount deferred for the undelivered items as license revenue. 

 VSOE
of fair value for each element is based on the price for which the element is sold separately. We determine the VSOE of fair value of each element based on historical evidence of
our stand-alone sales of these elements to third parties or from the stated renewal rate for the elements contained in the initial software license arrangement. When VSOE of fair value does not exist
for any undelivered element, revenue is deferred until the earlier of the point at which such VSOE of fair value exists or until all elements of the arrangement have been delivered. The only exception
to this guidance is when the only undelivered element is maintenance and support or other services, then the entire arrangement fee is recognized ratably over the performance period. 

Product revenue 

We recognize our product revenue upon shipment, provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. Our desktop application products' revenue from
distributors is subject to agreements 

 80 

allowing
limited rights of return, rebates and price protection. Our direct sales and OEM sales are also subject to limited rights of return. Accordingly, we reduce revenue recognized for estimated
future returns, price protection and rebates at the time the related revenue is recorded. The estimates for returns are adjusted periodically based upon historical rates of returns, inventory levels
in the distribution channel and other related factors. 

 We
record the estimated costs of providing free technical phone support to customers for our software products. 

 We
recognize OEM licensing revenue, primarily royalties, when OEM partners ship products incorporating our software, provided collection of such revenue is deemed probable. For certain
OEM customers, we must estimate royalty revenue due to the timing of securing customer information. This estimate is based on a combination of our generated forecasts and actual historical reporting
by our OEM customers. To substantiate our ability to estimate revenue, we review license royalty revenue reports ultimately received from our significant OEM customers in comparison to the amounts
estimated in the prior quarter. 

 Our
product-related deferred revenue includes maintenance upgrade revenue and customer advances under OEM license agreements. Our maintenance upgrade revenue for our desktop application
products is included in our product revenue line item as the maintenance primarily entitles customers to receive product upgrades. In cases where we provide a specified free upgrade to an existing
product, we defer the fair value for the specified upgrade right until the future obligation is fulfilled or when the right to the specified free upgrade expires. 

Services and support revenue 

Our services and support revenue is composed of consulting, training and maintenance and support, primarily related to the licensing of our Enterprise and
Developer Solutions and Mobile and Device Solutions products. Our support revenue also includes technical support and developer support to partners and developer organizations related to our desktop
products. 

 Our
consulting revenue is recognized using the proportionate performance method and is measured monthly based on input measures, such as hours incurred to date compared to total
estimated hours to complete, with consideration given to output measures, such as contract milestones when applicable. Our maintenance and support offerings, which entitle customers to receive product
upgrades and enhancements or technical support, depending on the offering, are recognized ratably over the performance period of the arrangement. 

Rights of return, rebates and price protection 

As discussed above, we offer limited rights of return, rebates and price protection of our products under various policies and programs with our distributors,
resellers and/or end user customers. We estimate and record reserves for these programs as an offset to revenue. Below is a summary of each of the general provisions in our contracts: 

Distributors
are allowed limited rights of return of products purchased during the previous quarter. In addition, distributors are allowed to return products that have
reached the end of their lives and products that are being replaced by new versions.
 We
offer rebates to our distributors, resellers and/or end user customers. The amount of revenue that is reduced for distributor and reseller rebates is based on actual
performance against objectives set forth by us for a particular reporting period (volume, timely reporting, etc.). If mail-in or other promotional rebates are offered, the amount of
revenue reduced is based on the dollar amount of the rebate, taking into consideration an estimated redemption rate calculated using historical 
 
 81 

trends.
In fiscal 2007 and 2006, on average, our rebate accrual approximated 14.0 million and 11.0 million, per quarter, respectively, or less than 2 of our quarterly revenues. 

From
time to time, we may offer price protection to our distributors that allow for the right to a credit if we permanently reduce the price of a software product. The
amount of revenue that is reduced for price protection is calculated as the difference between the old and new price of a software product on inventory held by the distributor prior to the effective
date of the decrease. 

On
a quarterly basis, the amount of revenue that is reserved for future returns is calculated based on our historical trends and data specific to each reporting period. We review the
actual returns evidenced in prior quarters as a percent of revenue to determine a historical returns rate. We then apply the historical rate to the current period revenue as a basis for estimating
future returns. When necessary, we also provide a specific returns reserve for product in the distribution channel in excess of estimated requirements. This estimate can be affected by the amount of a
particular product in the channel, the rate of sell-through, product plans and other factors. 

Revenue Reserve 

Revenue reserve rollforward: 

Beginning Balance 
 
 Amount 
Charged To 
Revenue 
 
 Actual Returns 
 
 Ending Balance 

Year Ended: 

November 30, 2007 

55,526 

156,761 

(168,755) 
 
 43,532 

December 1, 2006 

25,204 

97,566 

(67,244) 
 
 55,526 

December 2, 2005 

18,624 

92,754 

(86,174) 
 
 25,204 

Taxes Collected From Customers 

 Pursuant to Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF") Issue No. 06-3, "How Taxes Collected from Customers and Remitted to Governmental Authorities
Should Be Presented in the Income Statement", we elected to net taxes collected from customers against those remitted to government authorities in our financial statements consistent with our
historical presentation of this information. 

 Advertising Expenses 

 Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expenses for fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005 were 45.3 million, 27.8 million and
 39.0 million, respectively. 

 Foreign Currency and Other Hedging Instruments 

 In countries outside the U.S., we transact business in U.S. dollars and in various other currencies. In Europe and Japan, transactions that are denominated in
Euro and Yen are subject to exposure from movements in exchange rates. We hedge our net recognized foreign currency assets and liabilities with foreign exchange forward contracts to reduce the risk
that our earnings and cash flows will be adversely affected by changes in exchange rates. We have foreign exchange option and forward contracts for Yen- and Euro-denominated
revenue. 

 We
account for our derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities on the balance sheet and measure them at fair value. Derivatives that are not defined as hedges in SFAS
No. 133 ("SFAS 133"), "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," must be adjusted to fair value through earnings. Gains and losses resulting from changes in fair
value are accounted for depending on the use of the derivative and whether it is designated and qualifies for hedge accounting. See Note 17 for information regarding our
hedging activities. 

 82 

Gains
and losses from foreign exchange forward contracts which hedge certain balance sheet positions, primarily non-functional currency denominated assets and liabilities
(e.g., trade receivables and accounts payable) are recorded each period as a component of other income in the
consolidated statements of operations. Foreign exchange forward contracts hedging forecasted non-functional currency denominated forecasted product licensing revenue, are designated as
cash flow hedges under SFAS 133, with gains and losses recorded net of tax, as a component of other comprehensive income in stockholders' equity and reclassified into revenue at the time the
forecasted transactions occur. 

 Income Taxes 

 We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of taxes payable or
refundable for the current year. In addition, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax
bases of assets and liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. We record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to an amount for which realization is more likely
than not. 

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141 (revised 2007) ("SFAS 141R"), "Business Combinations" and SFAS No. 160
("SFAS 160"), "Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements, an amendment of Accounting Research Bulletin No. 51". SFAS 141R will change how business acquisitions
are accounted for and will impact financial statements both on the acquisition date and in subsequent periods. SFAS 160 will change the accounting and reporting for minority interests, which
will be recharacterized as noncontrolling interests and classified as a component of equity. SFAS 141R and SFAS 160 are effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2010.
Early adoption is not permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that SFAS 141R and SFAS 160 will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

 In
June 2007, the AICPA issued Statement of Position 07-1 ("SOP 07-1"), "Clarification of the Scope of the Audit and Accounting Guide
Investment Companies and Accounting by Parent Companies and Equity Method Investors for Investments in Investment Companies". SOP 07-1 defines investment companies for purposes of
applying the related AICPA Audit and Accounting Guide. SOP 07-1 provides guidance on whether an investment company's parent or equity-method investor should retain
investment-company accounting in its financial statements. SOP 07-1 would be effective beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2009; however, on November 16, 2007, the FASB
issued proposed FASB Staff Position ("FSP") SOP 07-1-a which would indefinitely delay the effective date of SOP 07-1. We are currently evaluating the
impact, if any, that SOP 07-1 will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

 In
February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159 ("SFAS 159"), "The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities". Under SFAS 159, companies
may elect to measure certain financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. The standard requires that unrealized gains and losses on items for which the fair value option has been
elected be reported in earnings. SFAS 159 is effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2008. 

 In
September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157 ("SFAS 157"), "Fair Value Measurements," which defines fair value, establishes guidelines for measuring fair value
and expands disclosures regarding fair value measurements. SFAS 157 does not require any new fair value measurements but rather eliminates inconsistencies in guidance found in various prior
accounting pronouncements. SFAS 157 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007. However, on December 14, 2007, the FASB issued proposed FSP
FAS 157-b which would delay the effective date of SFAS 157 for all nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities, except those that are recognized or disclosed at fair
value in the financial statements on a recurring basis (at least annually). This proposed FSP partially defers the effective date of 

 83 

Statement 157
to fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2008, and interim periods within those fiscal years for items within the scope of this FSP. Effective for fiscal 2008, we will
adopt SFAS 157 except as it applies to those nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities as noted in proposed FSP FAS 157-b. The partial adoption of SFAS 157 will
not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

 In
September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 158 ("SFAS 158"), "Employers' Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans An
Amendment of FASB No. 87, 88, 106 and 132(R)". SFAS 158 requires that the funded status of defined benefit postretirement plans be recognized on the company's balance sheet and changes
in the funded status be reflected in comprehensive income. SFAS 158 provides recognition and disclosure elements to be effective as of the end of the fiscal year after December 15, 2006
and measurement elements to be effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2008. In the fiscal year ended November 30, 2007, we adopted the recognition and disclosure elements
of SFAS 158 which did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, we will adopt the measurement elements of
SFAS 158 in fiscal 2009. We do not expect the adoption of the measurement elements to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

 In
July 2006, the FASB issued Financial Interpretation No. 48 ("FIN 48"), "Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, an interpretation of FASB Statement
No. 109". FIN 48 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes by prescribing the recognition threshold a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the
financial statements. It also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. FIN 48 is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006 and as a result, is effective our first quarter of fiscal 2008. The cumulative effects, if any, of applying FIN 48 will be recorded as an
adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. Additionally, in May 2007, the FASB published FSP No. FIN 48-1 ("FSP
FIN 48-1"), "Definition of Settlement in FASB Interpretation No. 48". FSP FIN 48-1 is an amendment to FIN 48. It clarifies
how an enterprise should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits. FSP FIN 48-1 is effective upon
the initial adoption of FIN 48, and therefore is effective our first quarter of fiscal 2008. The actual impact of the adoption of FIN 48 and FSP FIN 48-1 on our
consolidated results of operations and financial condition will depend on facts and circumstances that exist on the date of adoption. We are currently calculating the impact of the adoption of
FIN 48 and FSP FIN 48-1 but do not expect it to have a material impact on our financial statements. 

 Note 2. Acquisitions 

Fiscal 2007 Acquisitions 

During fiscal 2007, we completed two business combinations and one asset acquisition for cash consideration of approximately 80.0 million. Both
individually and in the aggregate, these acquisitions were not material to our consolidated balance sheet and results of operations. Related to the acquisition that occurred during the second quarter
of fiscal 2007, 1.5 million of in-process research and development is included in our amortization of purchased intangibles. See Note 5 for
information regarding goodwill and purchased and other intangibles. 

Fiscal 2006 Acquisitions 

During fiscal 2006, we completed the acquisition of Macromedia, a provider of software technologies that enables the development of a wide range of Internet and
mobile application solutions. The acquisition of Macromedia accelerated our strategy of delivering an industry-defining technology platform that provided more powerful solutions for engaging people
with digital information. The transaction was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting in accordance with SFAS No. 141, "Business 

 84 

Combinations".
The results of operations of Macromedia have been included in the Consolidated Statements of Income beginning on December 3, 2005. 

Assets
acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their fair values as of December 3, 2005. The total 3.5 billion purchase price is comprised of the following: 

Value of Adobe stock issued (109 million shares) 

3,209,121 

Fair value of stock options assumed 

227,604 

Direct transaction costs 

29,060 

Restructuring costs 

72,728 

Total purchase price 

3,538,513 

Purchase Price Allocation 

 The table below represents the allocation of the purchase price to the acquired net assets of Macromedia based on their estimated fair values as of
December 3, 2005 and the associated estimated useful lives at that date. The fair values assigned to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on estimates and
assumptions of management. Goodwill decreased 28.8 million for insignificant revisions to the valuation of Macromedia assumed options. 

Amount 
 
 Estimated 
Useful Life 

Net tangible assets 

713,164 
 
 N/A 

Identifiable intangible assets: 

Acquired product rights 

365,500 
 
 4 years 

Customer contracts and relationships 

183,800 
 
 6 years 

Non-competition agreements 

500 
 
 2 years 

Trademarks 

130,700 
 
 5 years 

Goodwill 

1,993,898 
 
 N/A 

Stock-based compensation 

150,951 
 
 2.18 years 

Total purchase price 

3,538,513 

Estimated
weighted-average remaining vesting period as of December 3, 2005. 

 Net tangible assets Macromedia's tangible assets and liabilities were reviewed and adjusted to their fair value as necessary,
including an increase to market value of 18.4 million related to owned land and a building, 11.5 million related to an investment and 21.5 million for receivables related to
future payments from existing customers. We also acquired 488.4 million in cash and cash equivalents and 109.8 million in property, plant and equipment, and assumed
 103.2 million in accrued expenses and 186.9 million in deferred tax liabilities. 

 Deferred revenue Macromedia's deferred revenue was derived from licenses, maintenance and support, hosting and consulting
contracts. We recorded an adjustment to reduce Macromedia's carrying value of deferred revenue by 49.1 million to 14.9 million, which represents our estimate of the fair value of the
contractual obligations assumed. This estimate of the fair value of deferred revenue is included in net tangible assets. 

Identifiable intangible assets Acquired product rights include developed and core technology and patents. Developed technology
relates to Macromedia products across all of their product lines that have reached technological feasibility. Core technology and patents represent a combination of Macromedia's processes, patents and
trade secrets developed through years of experience in design and development of 

 85 

its
products. We amortize the acquired product rights based on the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset is being consumed. 

Customer
contracts and relationships represent existing contracts and the underlying customer relationships. We amortize these assets based on the pattern in which the economic benefits
of the intangible asset is being consumed. 

 Trademarks
primarily relate to the Flash trade name and other product names and is amortized based on the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset is being
consumed. 

 In-process research and development As of the acquisition date, no amounts were allocated to
in-process research and development. In-process research and development is dependent on the status of new projects on the date the acquisition is consummated. Prior to the
acquisition date, Macromedia had released new versions of its software products. Accordingly, there were no substantive research and development projects in process on the date the acquisition was
consummated. 

 Goodwill Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the underlying acquired net tangible and
intangible assets. The factors that contributed to the recognition of goodwill included securing buyer-specific synergies that increase revenue and profits and are not otherwise available to a
marketplace participant, acquiring a talented workforce, and significant cost savings opportunities. 

Taxes As part of our accounting for the Macromedia acquisition, a portion of the overall purchase price was allocated to
goodwill and acquired intangible assets. Amortization expense associated with acquired intangible assets is not deductible for tax purposes. Thus, approximately 186.9 million, included in the
net tangible assets, was established as a deferred tax liability for the future amortization of the intangible assets. In accordance with SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," the
valuation allowance on Macromedia's financial statements as of December 3, 2005 was reduced by 237.8 million to 16.1 million, to the extent the deferred tax assets are more
likely than not realizable. 

 Any
impairment charges made in the future associated with goodwill will not be tax deductible and will result in an increased effective income tax rate in the quarter the impairment is
recorded. 

 Stock-based compensation Stock-based compensation represents the estimated fair value, measured as of
December 3, 2005, of unvested Macromedia stock options and restricted stock assumed. The fair value of unvested options assumed was 146.2 million using the Black Scholes valuation
model. The fair value of the unvested restricted stock of 4.8 million was based on the fair value of the underlying shares on the acquisition date. The stock-based compensation is being
amortized to expense over the remaining vesting periods of the underlying options or restricted stock. See Note 11 for information regarding amortization of stock-based
compensation. 

Pro Forma Results 

The unaudited financial information in the table below summarizes the combined results of operations of Adobe and Macromedia, on a pro forma basis, as though the
companies had been combined as of the beginning of the period presented. The pro forma financial information is presented for informational purposes only and is not indicative of the results of
operations that would have been achieved if the acquisition had taken place on December 4, 2004 or of results that may occur in the future. The pro forma financial information for fiscal 2005
includes the following items: 

Fiscal 2005 

Amortization of intangible assets 

204,678 

Amortization of stock-based compensation 

63,686 

Restructuring costs 

19,733 

Business combination accounting effect on historical support revenue 

39,504 

86 

The unaudited pro forma financial information for fiscal 2005 combines the historical results for Adobe for the year ended December 2, 2005 and the historical results for
Macromedia for the year ended September 30, 2005. 

Fiscal 2005 

Net revenue 

2,353,168 

Net income 

400,853 

Basic net income per share 

0.68 

Shares used in computing basic net income per share 

592,110 

Diluted net income per share 

0.65 

Shares used in computing diluted net income per share 

619,270 

In
addition to the acquisition of Macromedia, during fiscal 2007, we completed three business combinations and five asset acquisitions for cash consideration of approximately
 63.0 million. The impact of these acquisitions was considered immaterial to our consolidated financial statements. 

 Fiscal 2005 Acquisitions 

 During fiscal 2005, we acquired OKYZ S.A., a privately-held company, which provided 3D technology and expertise to our Intelligent Document
platform. 

 Note 3. Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments 

 Cash equivalents consist of instruments with remaining maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase. 

 We
classify all of our cash equivalents and short-term investments as "available-for-sale". These investments are free of trading restrictions or
become free of trading restrictions within one year. We carry these investments at fair value, based on quoted market prices or other readily available market information. Unrealized gains and losses,
net of taxes, are included in accumulated other comprehensive income, which is reflected as a separate component of stockholders' equity. Gains are recognized when realized in our consolidated
statements of income. Losses are recognized as realized or when we have determined that an other-than-temporary decline in fair value has occurred. Gains and losses are
determined using the specific identification method. 

 87 

Cash,
cash equivalents and short-term investments consisted of the following as of November 30, 2007: 

Carrying Value 
 
 Unrealized Gains 
 
 Unrealized Losses 
 
 Estimated Fair Value 

Classified as current assets: 

Cash 

111,702 

111,702 

Cash equivalents: 

Money market mutual funds 

778,259 

778,259 

Bank time deposits 

31,568 

31,568 

United States Treasury Notes 

24,884 

9 

24,893 

Total cash equivalents 

834,711 

9 

834,720 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

946,413 

9 

946,422 

Short-term investments: 

State and municipal bonds 

363,738 

363,738 

United States Treasury notes 

580,914 

4,757 

585,671 

Corporate bonds 

23,697 

23,697 

Obligations of foreign governments 

34,760 

204 

(3) 
 
 34,961 

Bonds of government agencies 

18,501 

21 

18,522 

Subtotal 

1,021,610 

4,982 

(3) 
 
 1,026,589 

Other marketable equity securities 

6,050 

14,793 

20,843 

Total short-term investments 

1,027,660 

19,775 

(3) 
 
 1,047,432 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments 

1,974,073 

19,784 

(3) 
 
 1,993,854 

88 

Cash,
cash equivalents and short-term investments consisted of the following as of December 1, 2006: 

Carrying Value 
 
 Unrealized Gains 
 
 Unrealized Losses 
 
 Estimated Fair Value 

Classified as current assets: 

Cash 

48,869 

48,869 

Cash equivalents: 

Money market mutual funds 

642,942 

642,942 

Bank time deposits 

33,972 

33,972 

State and municipal bonds and notes 

2,004 

2,004 

Corporate bonds 

44,713 

44,713 

Total cash equivalents 

723,631 

723,631 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

772,500 

772,500 

Short-term investments: 

State and municipal bonds 

1,231,327 

1,079 

(3,100) 
 
 1,229,306 

United States Treasury notes 

163,110 

274 

(87) 
 
 163,297 

Corporate bonds 

51,601 

67 

51,668 

Obligations of foreign governments 

23,896 

27 

(6) 
 
 23,917 

Bonds of government agencies 

28,124 

40 

28,164 

Subtotal 

1,498,058 

1,487 

(3,193) 
 
 1,496,352 

Other marketable equity securities 

6,734 

5,293 

12,027 

Total short-term investments 

1,504,792 

6,780 

(3,193) 
 
 1,508,379 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments 

2,277,292 

6,780 

(3,193) 
 
 2,280,879 

Interest
income for fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005 was 92.7 million, 74.9 million and 42.1 million, respectively. 

 In
accordance with FSP No. FAS 115-1, "The Meaning of Other-Than-Temporary Impairment and its Application to Certain Investments," the
following table summarizes the fair value and gross unrealized losses related to available-for-sale securities, aggregated by investment category and length of time that
individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, at November 30, 2007: 

Less Than 12 Months 
 
 12 Months or More 
 
 Total 

Fair Value 
 
 Gross Unrealized Losses 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Gross Unrealized Losses 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Gross Unrealized Losses 

Obligations of foreign governments 

10,506 

(3) 

10,506 

(3) 

Total 

10,506 

(3) 

10,506 

(3) 

Market
values were determined for each individual security in the investment portfolio. There was one security which had a market value less than amortized cost. This security was an
obligation of a foreign government. 

 It
is our policy to review our marketable equity securities classified as short-term investments on a regular basis to evaluate whether or not any security has experienced an
other-than-temporary decline in fair value. Our policy includes, but is not limited to, reviewing the length of time and extent to which the market value has been less than the
cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, and our intent and ability to retain our investment in the issuer for a period of sufficient time to allow for recovery
in market value. If we believe that an other-than-temporary decline exists in one of our 

 89 

marketable
equity securities, it is our policy to write down these equity investments to the market value and record the related write-down as an investment loss on our consolidated
statements of income. 

 See Note 6 for information regarding gains and losses to our investments. 

 The
following table summarizes the cost and estimated fair value of debt securities classified as short-term investments based on stated maturities. 

Cost 
 
 Estimated Fair Value 

Due within one year 

806,995 

808,291 

Due within two years 

191,730 

194,807 

Due within three years 

22,885 

23,491 

Due after three years 

Total 

1,021,610 

1,026,589 

Note 4. Property and Equipment 

 Property and equipment consisted of the following as of November 30, 2007 and December 1, 2006: 

2007 
 
 2006 

Computers and equipment 

264,732 

237,480 

Furniture and fixtures 

55,594 

50,008 

Capital projects in-progress 

15,801 

2,363 

Leasehold improvements 

114,139 

93,910 

Land 

67,905 

35,350 

Buildings 

62,464 

62,461 

580,635 

481,572 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

(290,877) 
 
 (254,375) 

Property and equipment, net 

289,758 

227,197 

Depreciation
and amortization expense of capital assets for fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005 was 73.2 million, 67.7 million, and 43.9 million, respectively. 

 Note 5. Goodwill and Purchased and Other Intangibles 

 Below is our goodwill reported by business segment, as of November 30, 2007: 

2006 (1) 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 Other 
 
 2007 

Creative Solutions 

936,393 

51,067 

(22,823) 
 
 964,637 

Knowledge Worker Solutions 

423,048 

(11,465) 
 
 411,583 

Enterprise and Developer Solutions 

325,033 

(6,076) 
 
 318,957 

Mobile and Device Solutions 

217,542 

(5,658) 
 
 211,884 

Other 

Print and Classic Publishing 

212,831 

(5,536) 
 
 207,295 

Platform 

34,647 

(901) 
 
 33,746 

Total 

2,149,494 

51,067 

(52,459) 
 
 2,148,102 

(1) The
2006 balances have been revised to correct insignificant errors in the original allocation of Macromedia goodwill to the various segments. The correction resulted in a reduction
in goodwill allocated to Knowledge Worker, Enterprise Developer Solutions and Mobile Devices of 
 90 

6.0 million,
 57.9 million and 103.8 million, respectively, and an increase in goodwill allocated to Creative Solutions and Other of 153.7 million and
 14.0 million, respectively. This correction did not impact the total balance of goodwill in our financial statements. This reallocation also had no impact on our annual impairment analysis
which occurred in the second quarter of fiscal 2007. 

The
column "Other" above includes net reductions in goodwill of (i) 21.4 million related to pre-acquisition research and development credits for Macromedia,
(ii) 28.8 million for insignificant revisions to the valuation of Macromedia assumed options, offset by 11.9 million in tax impacts related to subsequent assumed option
exercises resulting from this revaluation, (iii) 9.6 million for the realization of tax benefits for deductions resulting from the exercise of stock options and disqualifying
dispositions of vested options assumed and (iv) other individually insignificant tax related items. 

 Below
is our intangible assets, net reported by business segment for fiscal 2007 and 2006: 

2007 
 
 2006 

Creative Solutions 

193,584 

252,658 

Knowledge Worker Solutions 

92,253 

87,995 

Enterprise and Developer Solutions 

41,907 

51,684 

Mobile and Device Solutions 

34,581 

52,837 

Other 

Print and Classic Publishing 

37,141 

56,951 

Platform 

3,153 

4,280 

Total 

402,619 

506,405 

Purchased
and other intangible assets, subject to amortization, were as follows as of November 30, 2007: 

December 1, 
2006 
Cost 
 
 December 1, 
2006 
Net 
 
 Additions 
 
 Amortization 
Expense 
 
 November 30, 
2007 
Net 
 
 Weighted Average Amortization Period (Years) 

Purchased technology 

397,098 

249,722 

76,220 

(132,578) 
 
 193,364 
 
 4.1 

Localization 

9,060 

6,799 

43,100 

(31,721) 
 
 18,178 
 
 1.0 

Trademarks 

130,925 

104,068 

300 

(25,586) 
 
 78,782 
 
 3.0 

Customer contracts and relationships 

188,401 

145,525 

11,170 

(45,024) 
 
 111,671 
 
 4.1 

Other intangibles 

600 

291 

700 

(367) 
 
 624 
 
 2.4 

Total other intangible assets 

328,986 

256,683 

55,270 

(102,698) 
 
 209,255 

Total purchased and other intangible assets 

726,084 

506,405 

131,490 

(235,276) 
 
 402,619 
 
 3.7 

91 

Purchased and other intangible assets, subject to amortization, were as follows as of December 1, 2006: 

December 2, 2005 
Cost 
 
 December 2, 2005 
Net 
 
 Additions 
 
 Amortization Expense 
 
 December 1, 2006 
Net 

Purchased technology 

18,785 

7,632 

384,456 

(142,366) 
 
 249,722 

Localization 

20,512 

8,611 

7,703 

(9,515) 
 
 6,799 

Trademarks 

225 

143 

130,700 

(26,775) 
 
 104,068 

Customer contracts and relationships 

188,402 

(42,877) 
 
 145,525 

Other intangibles 

301 

91 

503 

(303) 
 
 291 

Total other intangible assets 

21,038 

8,845 

327,308 

(79,470) 
 
 256,683 

Total purchased and other intangible assets 

39,823 

16,477 

711,764 

(221,836) 
 
 506,405 

Amortization
expense related to identifiable intangible assets was 235.3 million, 221.8 million and 20.4 million for fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Of
the total amortization expense for fiscal 2007 and 2006, 164.4 and 152.4 million, respectively, was charged to cost of sales. There was no amortization charge to cost of sales for fiscal
2005. Amortization expense for each of the next five years and thereafter is as follows: 

Fiscal Year 
 
 Purchased Technology 
 
 Other Intangible 
Assets 

2008 

90,819 

86,617 

2009 

59,120 

60,027 

2010 

10,472 

48,508 

2011 

7,406 

11,917 

2012 

5,956 

1,009 

Thereafter 

19,591 

1,177 

Total expected amortization expense 

193,364 

209,255 

Note 6. Other Assets 

 Other assets consisted of the following as of November 30, 2007 and December 1, 2006: 

2007 
 
 2006 

Investments 

52,830 

46,273 

Prepaid royalties 

13,289 

3,337 

Restricted cash 

7,367 

2,341 

Security deposits 

6,650 

7,510 

Prepaid rent 

4,285 

2,765 

Prepaid land lease 

3,224 

3,263 

Deferred compensation plan assets 

3,145 

Unbilled receivables 

2,400 

Other 

2,194 

294 

Total other assets 

92,984 

68,183 

Our
long-term investments include investments in privately-held companies that we make either directly or indirectly through venture capital limited partnerships.
We own a limited partnership interest in 

 92 

Adobe
Ventures. Our limited partnership interest in Adobe Ventures is consolidated in accordance with FASB Interpretation No. 46R ("FIN 46R") a revision to FASB Interpretation
No. 46 ("FIN 46"), "Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities". The partnership is controlled by Granite Ventures, an independent venture capital firm and sole general partner of Adobe
Ventures. 

 Adobe
Ventures carries its investments in equity securities at estimated fair value and investment gains and losses are included in our consolidated statements of income. The stock of a
number of technology investments held by Adobe Ventures at November 30, 2007 and December 1, 2006 is not publicly traded and, therefore, there is no established market for these
securities. In order to determine the fair value of these investments, we use the most recent round of financing involving new non-strategic investors or estimates of current market value
made by Granite Ventures. It is our policy to evaluate the fair value of these investments held by Adobe Ventures, as well as our direct investments, on a regular basis. This evaluation includes, but
is not limited to, reviewing each company's cash position, financing needs, earnings and revenue outlook, operational performance, management and ownership changes and competition. In the case of
privately-held companies, this evaluation is based on information that we request from these companies. This information is not subject to the same disclosure regulations as U.S. publicly
traded companies and as such, the basis for these evaluations is subject to the timing and the accuracy of the data received from these companies. If we believe the carrying value of our investment is
in excess of fair value, it is our policy to write down the investment to fair value. 

 Our
direct investments are accounted for under the cost method and are evaluated for other-than-temporary declines in fair value below carrying value as noted
above. 

 Prepaid
royalties increased due to new royalty agreements during fiscal 2007. 

 Other
assets include the fair value, at inception, of the residual value guarantee associated with our leases on the buildings we occupy as part of our corporate headquarters, in
accordance with FIN 45. The lease agreements for our corporate headquarters provide for residual value guarantees. Under FIN 45, the fair value of a residual value guarantee in lease
agreements entered into after December 31, 2002, must be recognized as a liability on our consolidated balance sheet. As such, we recognized 5.2 million and 3.0 million in
liabilities, related to the extended East and West Towers and Almaden Tower leases, respectively. These liabilities are recorded in other long-term liabilities with the offsetting entry
recorded as prepaid rent in other assets. The balance will be amortized to the income statement over the life of the leases. As of November 30, 2007, the unamortized portion of the fair value
of the residual value guarantees remaining in other long-term liabilities and prepaid rent was 4.2 million. 

The
following table summarizes the net realized gains and losses from our investments for fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005. 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Net gains (losses) related to our investments in Adobe Ventures and cost method investments 

6,951 

(6,487) 
 
 (1,021) 

Write-downs due to other-than-temporary declines in value of our marketable equity securities 

(558) 

Gains from sale of short-term investments 

104 

Gains (losses) on stock warrants 

(21) 
 
 (226) 
 
 153 

Other investment gains 

204 

67,962 

21 

Total investment gain (loss) 

7,134 

61,249 

(1,301) 

Investment
gains were higher in fiscal 2006 when compared to fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2005 due to the sale of our investment in Atom Entertainment, Inc. during the fourth quarter of
fiscal 2006. As a result of the sale, we received 82.3 million in cash. Our carrying value was 13.2 million at the date of sale. 

 93 

Note 7. Trade Payables and Accrued Expenses 

 Trade and other payables consisted of the following as of November 30, 2007 and December 1, 2006: 

2007 
 
 2006 

Trade payables 

41,724 

37,915 

Tax and other payables 

25,143 

17,116 

Total trade and other payables 

66,867 

55,031 

Accrued
expenses consisted of the following as of November 30, 2007 and December 1, 2006: 

2007 
 
 2006 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

205,018 

148,000 

Sales and marketing allowances 

21,231 

20,361 

Other 

157,187 

135,189 

Total accrued expenses 

383,436 

303,550 

Note 8. Income Taxes 

 Income before income taxes includes income from foreign operations of 453.2 million, 293.7 million and 348.7 million for fiscal 2007, 2006
and 2005, respectively. 

 The
provision for income taxes consisted of the following for fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005: 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Current: 

United States federal 

36,614 

12,419 

63,932 

Foreign 

55,536 

34,762 

18,550 

State and local 

4,100 

3,623 

4,671 

Total current 

96,250 

50,804 

87,153 

Deferred: 

United States federal 

50,640 

(19,843) 
 
 (7,653) 

Foreign 

(13,480) 
 
 2,198 

93 

State and local 

23,007 

(5,383) 
 
 492 

Total deferred 

60,167 

(23,028) 
 
 (7,068) 

Tax expense attributable to employee stock plans 

66,966 

146,142 

82,852 

223,383 

173,918 

162,937 

Certain
employee stock plan benefits in fiscal 2007 and 2006 associated with the acquisition of Macromedia reduced goodwill. See Note 5 for further
information . 

 94 

Total
income tax expense differs from the expected tax expense (computed by multiplying the United States federal statutory rate of 35 by income before income taxes) as a result of the
following: 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Computed "expected" tax expense 

331,516 

237,905 

268,022 

State tax expense, net of federal benefit 

8,938 

8,768 

9,878 

Tax-exempt income 

(11,123) 
 
 (12,637) 
 
 (7,196) 

Tax credits 

(23,341) 
 
 (1,204) 
 
 (8,977) 

Differences between statutory rate and foreign effective tax rate 

(84,740) 
 
 (61,067) 
 
 (62,561) 

Change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance 

1,694 

(7,539) 
 
 (5,836) 

FAS 123R Stock Compensation (net of tax deduction) 

2,587 

3,320 

Tax benefit for repatriation of certain foreign earnings under the AJCA 

(29,271) 

Other, net 

(2,148) 
 
 6,372 

(1,122) 

223,383 

173,918 

162,937 

The
tax effects of the temporary differences that gave rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of November 30, 2007 and December 1, 2006
are presented below: 

2007 
 
 2006 

Deferred tax assets: 

Acquired technology 

7,603 

6,715 

Reserves and accruals 

61,772 

55,662 

Deferred revenue 

38,663 

24,533 

Unrealized losses on investments 

18,756 

19,072 

FAS 123R stock compensation 

40,682 

28,716 

Net operating loss of acquired companies 

66,677 

134,440 

Credits 

44,866 

47,360 

Depreciation and amortization 

1,213 

Other 

4,763 

9,216 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

284,995 

325,714 

Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 

(2,629) 
 
 (1,243) 

Total deferred tax assets 

282,366 

324,471 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

(1,420) 

Undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries 

(166,629) 
 
 (112,084) 

Acquired intangible assets 

(93,208) 
 
 (126,069) 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

(259,837) 
 
 (239,573) 

Net deferred tax assets 

22,529 

84,898 

The
deferred tax assets and liabilities for fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2006 include amounts related to various acquisitions. 

 We
provide United States income taxes on the earnings of foreign subsidiaries unless the subsidiaries' earnings are considered permanently reinvested outside the United States. To the
extent that the foreign earnings previously treated as permanently reinvested are repatriated, the related United States tax liability may be reduced by any foreign income taxes paid on these
earnings. As of November 30, 2007, the cumulative amount of earnings upon which U.S. income taxes have not been provided is approximately 718.2 million. The unrecognized deferred tax
liability for these earnings is approximately 223.4 million. 

 95 

As
of November 30, 2007, we have net operating loss carryforward assets attributable to various acquired companies of approximately 66.7 million. We also have federal and
state tax credit carryforwards of approximately 14.0 million and 31.0 million, respectively. The net operating loss carryforward assets and federal tax credits will expire between
fiscal 2013 and 2025. The state tax credit carryforward can be carried forward indefinitely. The net operating loss carryforward assets and certain credits are subject to an annual limitation under
Internal Revenue Code Section 382, but are expected to be fully realized. 

 In
addition, we have been tracking certain deferred tax attributes of 48.7 million which have not been recorded in the financial statements pursuant to SFAS 123R. These
amounts are no longer included in our gross or net deferred tax assets. Pursuant to SFAS 123R, footnote 82, the benefit of these deferred tax assets will be recorded to equity when they
reduce taxes payable. 

 A
valuation allowance has been established for certain deferred tax assets related to the impairment of investments. At the end of fiscal 2007, our valuation allowance was
 2.6 million. 

 We
are currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service for our fiscal 2001, 2002 and 2003 tax returns. Although we believe our assumptions, judgments and estimates are
reasonable, changes in tax laws or our interpretation of tax laws and the resolution of the current and any future tax audits could significantly impact the amounts provided for income taxes in our
consolidated financial statements. Although the ultimate outcome is unknown, we have reserved for potential adjustments that may result from the current examination and we believe that the final
outcome will not have a material effect on our results of operations. 

 Below
is a summary of our income tax payable activity for fiscal 2007 and 2006: 

2007 
 
 2006 

Beginning balance 

178,368 

154,529 

Current year liability 

96,250 

50,804 

Macromedia acquisition 

22,972 

Payments and reclassifications 

(59,560) 
 
 (49,937) 

Ending balance 

215,058 

178,368 

Note 9. Restructuring 

 In the first quarter of fiscal 2006, pursuant to the Board of Directors' approval, we initiated plans to restructure both the pre-merger operations of
Adobe and Macromedia to eliminate certain duplicative activities, focus our resources on future growth opportunities and reduce our cost structure. In connection with the worldwide restructuring plan,
we recognized costs related to termination benefits for employee positions that were eliminated and for the closure of duplicative facilities. We also recognized costs related to the cancellation of
certain contracts associated with the wind-down of subsidiaries and other service contracts held by Macromedia. 

 96 

Macromedia Merger Restructuring Charges 

 The following table sets forth a summary of Macromedia restructuring activity, including any costs incurred during fiscal 2006 and 2007 and the cumulative costs
incurred through November 30, 2007 for each major type of cost associated with the restructuring plan: 

2006 
 
 Cash Payments 
 
 Adjustments 
 
 2007 
 
 Total Costs Incurred To Date 

Termination benefits 

1,002 

(370) 
 
 (632) 

26,986 

Cost of closing redundant facilities 

28,934 

(12,052) 
 
 (599) 
 
 16,283 

22,961 

Cost of contract termination 

46 

(8) 
 
 (38) 

3,238 

Other 

1,444 

1 

(10) 
 
 1,435 

1,222 

Total 

31,426 

(12,429) 
 
 (1,279) 
 
 17,718 

54,407 

Accrued
restructuring charges of 17.7 million at November 30, 2007 includes 3.7 million recorded in accrued restructuring, current and 14.0 million,
related to long-term facilities obligations, recorded in accrued restructuring, non-current in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. We expect to pay these liabilities
through fiscal 2011. 

 The
following table sets forth a summary of Macromedia restructuring activity ending fiscal 2006: 

Initial Restructuring Charges 
 
 Cash Payments 
 
 Adjustments 
 
 2006 

Termination benefits 

26,608 

(26,459) 
 
 853 

1,002 

Cost of closing redundant facilities 

32,083 

(10,547) 
 
 7,398 

28,934 

Cost of contract termination 

3,969 

(3,224) 
 
 (699) 
 
 46 

Other 

2,500 

(1,072) 
 
 16 

1,444 

Total 

65,160 

(41,302) 
 
 7,568 

31,426 

We
completed our acquisition of Macromedia on December 3, 2005. Pursuant to EITF Issue No. 95-3, "Recognition of Liabilities in Connection with a Purchase
Business Combination," all restructuring charges related to the Macromedia acquisition are recognized as a part of the purchase price allocation. See Note 2 for
information regarding the Macromedia acquisition. 

 At
December 1, 2006, accrued restructuring charges of 31.4 million includes 9.8 million recorded in accrued restructuring, current and 21.6 million,
related to long-term facilities obligations, recorded in accrued restructuring, non-current in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The initial restructuring charges
are the total expected costs to be incurred under the restructuring plan. 

 Adobe Restructuring Charges 

 In connection with the worldwide restructuring plan, we recognized costs related to (i) termination benefits for former Adobe employees whose positions
were eliminated, (ii) the closure of Adobe facilities and (iii) the cancellation of certain contracts held by Adobe. 

 The
following table sets forth a summary of the Adobe restructuring activity ending fiscal 2007: 

2006 
 
 Cash Payments 
 
 Adjustments 
 
 2007 

Termination benefits 

179 

(37) 
 
 (142) 

Cost of closing redundant facilities 

467 

(387) 
 
 (80) 

Total 

646 

(424) 
 
 (222) 

97 

As
of November 30, 2007, we have no remaining accrued restructuring charges associated with Adobe restructuring activity recorded in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
as compared to 0.6 million as of December 1, 2006. Total costs under the plan incurred and expected to be incurred were 19.5 million and 19.0 million, respectively. The
world-wide consolidation of facilities was completed in fiscal 2007. 

 The
following table sets forth a summary of the Adobe restructuring activity ending fiscal 2006: 

Initial Restructuring Charges 
 
 Cash Payments 
 
 Adjustments 
 
 2006 

Termination benefits 

18,879 

(18,597) 
 
 (103) 
 
 179 

Cost of closing redundant facilities 

(479) 
 
 946 

467 

Cost of contract termination 

105 

(11) 
 
 (94) 

Total 

18,984 

(19,087) 
 
 749 

646 

Accrued
restructuring charges as of December 1, 2006 include 0.3 million recorded in accrued restructuring, current and 0.3 million, related to
long-term facilities obligations recorded in accrued restructuring, non-current in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

 Note 10. Benefit Plans 

Pretax Savings Plan 

In 1987, we adopted an Employee Investment Plan, qualified under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code, which is a pretax savings plan covering
substantially all of our United States employees. Under the plan, eligible employees may contribute up to 65 of their pretax salary, subject to the Internal Revenue Service annual contribution
limits. In fiscal 2007, we matched 50 of the first 6 of the employee's contribution. We contributed 14.5 million, 11.2 million and 8.9 million in fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005,
respectively. We can terminate matching contributions at our discretion. 

Profit Sharing Plan 

We have a profit sharing plan that provides for profit sharing payments to all eligible employees following each quarter in which we achieve at least 80 of our
budgeted earnings for the quarter. The plan, as well as the annual operating budget on which the plan is based, is approved by our Board of Directors. We contributed 67.6 million,
 51.9 million and 45.7 million to the plan in fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. 

Deferred Compensation Plan 

On September 21, 2006, the Board of Directors approved the Adobe Systems Incorporated Deferred Compensation Plan, effective December 2, 2006 (the
"Deferred Compensation Plan"). The Deferred Compensation Plan is an unfunded, non-qualified, deferred compensation arrangement under which certain executives and members of the Board of
Directors are able to defer a portion of their annual compensation. Participants may elect to contribute up to 75 of their base salary and 100 of other specified compensation, including commissions,
bonuses, performance-based and time-based restricted stock units, and directors' fees. Participants are able to elect the payment of benefits to begin on a specified date at least three
years after the end of the plan year in which the election is made in the form of a lump sum or annual installments over five, ten or fifteen years. Upon termination of a participant's employment with
Adobe, such participant will receive a distribution in the form of a lump sum payment. All distributions will be made in cash, except for deferred performance-based and time-based
restricted stock units which will be settled in stock. As of November 30, 2007, the invested amounts under the Deferred Compensation Plan total 3.1 million and are recorded as
long-term other assets on our balance sheet. As of November 30, 2007, we recorded 3.1 million as a long-term liability to recognize undistributed deferred
compensation due to employees. 

 98 

Note 11. Stock-based Compensation 

 We have the following stock-based compensation plans and programs as described below. 

Stock Option Plans 

 Our stock option program is a long-term retention program that is intended to attract, retain and provide incentives for talented employees, officers
and directors, and to align stockholder and employee interests. Currently, we grant options from the (i) 2003 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2003 Plan"), under which options can be granted to all
employees, including executive officers, and outside consultants and (ii) the 1996 Outside Directors Stock Option Plan ("Directors Plan"), as amended, under which options are granted
automatically under a pre-determined formula to non-employee directors. The Directors Plan will continue until the earlier of (i) termination by the Board or
(ii) the date on which all of the shares available for issuance under the plan have been issued and restrictions on issued shares have lapsed. In addition, our stock option program includes the
2005 Equity Incentive Assumption Plan ("2005 Assumption Plan"), from which we currently do not grant options, but may do so. The plans listed above are collectively referred to in the following
discussion as "the Plans". Option vesting periods are generally three to four years for all of the Plans. 

 As
of November 30, 2007, we had reserved 79.1 million, 5.2 million and 1.6 million shares of common stock for issuance under our 2003 Plan, Directors Plan and
2005 Assumption Plan, respectively. As of November 30, 2007, we had 31.9 million, 0.8 million and 1.6 million shares available for grant under our 2003 Plan, Directors Plan
and 2005 Assumption Plan, respectively. 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

 Our 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP") allows eligible employee participants to purchase shares of our common stock at a discount through payroll
deductions. The ESPP consists of a
twenty-four month offering period with four six-month purchase periods in each offering period. Employees purchase shares in each purchase period at 85 of the market value of
our common stock at either the beginning of the offering period or the end of the purchase period, whichever price is lower. The ESPP will continue until the earlier of (i) termination by the
Board or (ii) the date on which all of the shares available for issuance under the plan have been issued. 

As
of November 30, 2007, we had reserved 76.0 million shares of our common stock for issuance under the ESPP and approximately 18.0 million shares remain available
for future issuance. 

 Restricted Stock Plan 

 We grant restricted stock awards and performance awards to officers and key employees under our Amended 1994 Performance and Restricted Stock Plan (the
"Restricted Stock Plan"). We can also grant restricted stock units to all eligible employees. Restricted stock issued under the Restricted Stock Plan generally vests annually over four years. 

As
of November 30, 2007, we had reserved 16.0 million shares of our common stock for issuance under the Restricted Stock Plan and approximately 3.6 million shares
were available for grant. 

 Performance Share Programs 

 Effective January 24, 2007, the Executive Compensation Committee adopted the 2007 Performance Share Program (the "2007 Program"). The purpose of the 2007
Program is to align key management and senior leadership with stockholder's interest and to retain key employees. The measurement period for the 2007 Program is our fiscal 2007 year. All members of
our executive management and other key senior leaders are participating in the 2007 Program. Awards granted under the 2007 Program were granted in the form of performance shares pursuant to the terms
of our 2003 Plan and our Restricted Stock Plan. If 

 99 

pre-determined
attainment goals are met, shares of stock will be granted to the recipient, with 25 vesting on the later of the date of certification of achievement or the first
anniversary date of the grant, and the remaining 75 vesting evenly on the following three annual anniversary dates of the grant, contingent upon the recipient's continued service to Adobe.
Participants in the 2007 Program have the ability to receive up to 200 of the target number of shares originally granted, based on the achievement of pre-established performance goals. 

 Effective
February 2, 2006, the Executive Compensation Committee adopted the 2006 Performance Share Program (the "2006 Program"). The Executive Compensation Committee established
the 2006 Program to align the new leadership team to achieve key integration milestones, create stockholder value and to retain key executives. Members of our executive management team and other key
members of senior management are participating in the 2006 Program, for which the performance period ran through the end of our fiscal 2007. Awards under the 2006 Program were granted in the form of
performance shares pursuant to the terms of our 2003 Plan and our Restricted Stock Plan. Performance shares will vest 100 in fiscal 2008 if performance goals are met. Participants in the 2006 Program
have the ability to receive up to 150 of the target number of shares originally granted, based on the achievement of pre-established performance goals. 

 Issuance of Shares 

 Upon exercise of stock options or vesting of restricted stock and performance shares, we will issue treasury stock. If treasury stock is not available, common
stock will be issued. In order to minimize the impact of on-going dilution from exercises of stock options and vesting of restricted stock and performance shares, we instituted a stock
repurchase program. See Note 12 for information regarding our stock repurchase program. 

 Compensation Costs 

 Total stock-based compensation costs that have been included in our consolidated statements of income are as follows: 

 Fiscal
2007: 

Income Statement Classifications 
 
 Option Grants and Stock Purchase Rights 
 
 Restricted Stock and Performance Awards 

Cost of revenue services and support 

5,152 

346 

Research and development 

58,579 

9,518 

Sales and marketing 

41,801 

6,084 

General and administrative 

24,467 

4,040 

Total 

129,999 

19,988 

Fiscal
2006: 

Income Statement Classifications 
 
 Option Grants and Stock Purchase Rights 
 
 Restricted Stock and Performance Awards 

Cost of revenue services and support 

8,180 

Research and development 

63,950 

1,678 

Sales and marketing 

66,792 

1,500 

General and administrative 

27,121 

1,313 

Total 

166,043 

4,491 

100 

Beginning
in the first quarter of fiscal 2006, we account for stock-based compensation in accordance with SFAS 123R. Under the fair value recognition provisions of this statement,
stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period,
which is the vesting period. We elected the modified-prospective method, under which prior periods are not revised for comparative purposes. The valuation provisions of SFAS 123R apply to new
grants and to grants that were outstanding prior to the effective date and are subsequently modified. Estimated compensation for grants that were outstanding as of the effective date will be
recognized over the remaining service period using the compensation cost estimated for the SFAS No. 123 ("SFAS 123"), "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation" pro forma disclosures. 

 Prior
to the adoption of SFAS 123R, we recognized the estimated compensation cost of restricted stock over the vesting term. The estimated compensation cost is based on the fair
value of our common stock on the date of grant. We continue to recognize the compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, over the vesting term. 

In
accordance with SFAS 123R, we recognize the estimated compensation cost of performance shares, net of estimated forfeitures. The awards are earned upon attainment of identified
performance goals, some of which contain discretionary metrics, and are accounted for based upon the fair value of the award at each reporting date. As such, these awards are re-valued
based on our traded stock price at the end of each reporting period. If the discretion is removed, the award will be classified as a fixed equity award. The fair value of the awards will be based on
the measurement date, which is the date the award becomes fixed. The awards will be subsequently amortized over the remaining performance period. 

As
of November 30, 2007, there was 142.8 million of unrecognized compensation cost, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, related to non-vested stock-based
payments granted to our employees which will be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.7 years. Additionally, as of November 30, 2007, there was 23.4 million of
unamortized stock-based compensation, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, related to the assumption of Macromedia unvested options which will be
recognized over a weighted average period of 1.6 years. Total unrecognized compensation cost will be adjusted for future changes in estimated forfeitures. 

 Pursuant
to the income tax provisions included in SFAS 123R, we have elected the "long method" of computing our hypothetical additional paid-in-capital
pool. Prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R, all tax benefits for deductions resulting from the exercise of stock options and disqualifying dispositions were presented as operating cash flows on
our consolidated statement of cash flows. SFAS 123R required the benefits of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation expense to be reported as a financing cash flow, rather than as
an operating cash flow. This requirement reduced net operating cash flows and increased net financing cash flows in periods after adoption. Total cash flow remained unchanged from what would have been
reported under prior accounting rules. 

 Prior
to the first quarter of fiscal 2006, we accounted for our stock-based compensation plans under the recognition and measurement provisions of APB 25 as permitted by
SFAS 123, amended by SFAS No. 148 ("SFAS 148"), "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation-Transition and Disclosure." As required by SFAS 148, prior to the adoption of
SFAS 123R, we provided pro forma net income and pro forma net income per share disclosures for stock-based awards, as if the fair value-based method defined in SFAS 123 had been adopted. 

 101 

The
following table sets forth the pro forma effect on net income and net income per share for fiscal 2005 that would have resulted if we had accounted for our employee stock plans under
the fair value recognition provisions of SFAS 123: 

2005 

Net income: 

As reported 

602,839 

Add: Stock-based compensation expense for employees included in reported net income, net of related tax effects 

255 

Less: Total stock-based compensation expense for employees determined under the fair value based method, net of related tax effects 

(88,603) 

Pro forma 

514,491 

Basic net income per share: 

As reported 

1.23 

Pro forma 

1.05 

Diluted net income per share: 

As reported 

1.19 

Pro forma 

1.01 

Valuation of Stock Options and Employee Stock Purchase Shares 

 We currently use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options and employee stock purchase plan shares. The determination of
the fair value of stock-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option pricing model is affected by our stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective
variables. These variables include our expected stock price volatility over the expected term of the awards, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, a risk-free
interest rate and any expected dividends. 

 We
estimate the expected term of options granted by calculating the average term from our historical stock option exercise experience. We estimate the volatility of our common stock by
using implied volatility in market traded options. Our decision to use implied volatility was based upon the availability of actively traded options on our common stock and our assessment that implied
volatility is more representative of future stock price trends than historical volatility. We base the risk-free interest rate that we use in the option valuation model on
zero-coupon yields implied by U.S. Treasury issues with remaining terms similar to the expected term on the options. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future and therefore use an expected dividend yield of zero in the option valuation model. We are required to estimate forfeitures at the time of grant and revise those estimates in subsequent periods
if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. We use historical data to estimate pre-vesting option forfeitures and record stock-based compensation expense only for those awards that
are expected to vest. All stock-based payment awards are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which are generally the vesting periods. 

 The
assumptions used to value our option grants were as follows: 

Fiscal Years 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Expected term (in years) 
 
 3.54 - 4.82 
 
 3.7 
 
 3.0 - 3.9 

Volatility 
 
 29.6 - 39.2 
 
 30.3 - 37.0 
 
 30 - 37 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 3.6 - 5.1 
 
 4.3 - 5.2 
 
 3.4 - 4.5 

102 

The
assumptions used to value employee stock purchase rights were as follows: 

Fiscal Years 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Expected term (in years) 
 
 0.5 - 2.0 
 
 1.25 
 
 1.25 

Volatility 
 
 30.41 - 32.75 
 
 30.30 - 35.02 
 
 32 - 37 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 4.79 - 5.11 
 
 4.32 - 5.26 
 
 3.03 - 3.58 

The
expected term of employee stock purchase plan shares is the average of the remaining purchase periods under each offering period. 

 Summary of Stock Options and Employee Stock Purchase Shares 

 The following table sets forth the summary of option activity under our stock option program for fiscal years 2007, 2006 and 2005: 

Outstanding Options 

Options Available for Grant 
 
 Number of Shares 
 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 

December 3, 2004 
 
 16,706 
 
 76,534 

18.52 

Granted 
 
 (11,418) 
 11,418 

31.88 

Exercised 

(20,495) 
 
 15.32 

Cancelled 
 
 2,206 
 
 (2,206) 
 
 21.52 

Increased authorization 
 
 16,800 

December 2, 2005 
 
 24,294 
 
 65,251 

21.76 

Granted 
 
 (12,221) 
 12,017 

28.71 

Exercised 

(25,873) 
 
 17.73 

Cancelled 
 
 4,807 
 
 (4,807) 
 
 25.33 

Forfeited 
 
 (1,600) 

15.32 

Due to acquisition 
 
 1,324 
 
 15,143 

December 1, 2006 
 
 16,604 
 
 61,731 

24.19 

Granted 
 
 (10,034) 
 10,084 

40.36 

Exercised 

(21,368) 
 
 21.18 

Cancelled 
 
 2,633 
 
 (2,705) 
 
 33.18 

Forfeited 
 
 (5) 

33.18 

Increased authorization 
 
 25,172 

November 30, 2007 
 
 34,370 
 
 47,742 

28.47 

The
weighted average fair values of options granted during fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005 were 12.37, 10.79 and 9.08, respectively. 

 The
total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005 was 463.6 million, 440.0 million and 330.9 million, respectively. The intrinsic
value is calculated as the difference between the market value on the date of exercise and the exercise price of the shares. 

 103 

Information
regarding the stock options outstanding at November 30, 2007, December 1, 2006 and December 2, 2005 is summarized below. 

Number of Shares 
 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life 
 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value (millions) 

As of November 30, 2007 

Shares outstanding 
 
 47,742 

28.47 
 
 4.36 years 

654.2 

Shares vested and expected to vest 
 
 43,067 

27.68 
 
 4.19 years 

623.8 

Shares exercisable 
 
 29,387 

23.77 
 
 3.38 years 

539.8 

As of December 1, 2006 

Shares outstanding 
 
 61,731 

24.19 
 
 4.44 years 

936.8 

Shares vested and expected to vest 
 
 58,713 

23.82 
 
 3.80 years 

912.7 

Shares exercisable 
 
 38,944 

20.58 
 
 3.39 years 

731.0 

As of December 2, 2005 

Shares outstanding 
 
 65,251 

21.76 
 
 4.18 years 

862.1 

Shares vested and expected to vest 
 
 62,650 

21.51 
 
 3.41 years 

843.6 

Shares exercisable 
 
 42,099 

19.32 
 
 2.77 years 

659.9 

The
intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the market value as of end of the fiscal year and the exercise price of the shares. As reported by the NASDAQ Global Select
Market, the market values as of November 30, 2007, December 1, 2006 and December 2, 2005 were 42.14, 39.35 and 34.97, respectively. 

 All
stock options granted to current executive officers are made after a review by and with the approval of the Executive Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. All members of
the Executive Compensation Committee are independent directors, as defined in the rules applicable to issuers traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 

 The
Directors Plan provides for the granting of nonqualified stock options to non-employee directors. Option grants are limited to 25,000 shares per person in each fiscal
year, except for a new non-employee director to whom 50,000 shares are granted upon election as a director. Options granted under the Directors Plan have a ten-year term.
Options granted prior to March 28, 2006 are exercisable and vest over three years: 25 on the day preceding each of our next two annual meetings of stockholders and 50 on the day preceding our
third annual meeting of stockholders after the grant of the option. Options granted on or after March 28, 2006 vest over four years: 25 on the day preceding each of our next four annual
meetings. The exercise price of the options that are issued is equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. 

 Options
granted to directors for fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005 are as follows: 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Options granted to existing directors 

250 

200 

400 

Exercise price 

42.61 

35.95 

29.74 

Options granted to new directors 

50 

50 

Exercise price 

35.25 

26.83 

The
weighted average fair value of employee stock purchase shares granted during fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005 was 12.03, 8.09 and 9.08, respectively. 

 104 

Summary of Restricted Stock 

 Restricted stock award activity for fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005 is as follows: 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Non-vested Shares 
 
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value 
 
 Non-vested Shares 
 
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value 
 
 Non-vested Shares 
 
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value 

Balance at beginning of year 
 
 501 

9.17 
 
 428 

6.68 
 
 414 

5.51 

Awarded 
 
 5 

40.03 
 
 9 

39.47 
 
 26 

30.86 

Released 
 
 (92) 
 
 29.32 
 
 (302) 
 
 22.03 
 
 (12) 
 
 18.39 

Forfeited 
 
 (393) 
 
 4.77 
 
 (48) 
 
 25.53 

Due to acquisition 

414 

22.35 

Balance at end of year 
 
 21 

36.41 
 
 501 

9.17 
 
 428 

6.68 

Restricted
stock awards are considered outstanding at the time of grant, as the stock award holders are entitled to dividends and voting rights. 

 In
fiscal 2007, we granted 1.8 million restricted stock units of which less than 0.1 million units were forfeited. We did not grant restricted stock units in fiscal 2006
and 2005. Restricted stock units are not considered outstanding at the time of grant, as the holders of these units are not entitled to dividends and voting rights. At the end of fiscal 2007, the
number of units granted, but unvested was 1.7 million. 

 Neither
restricted stock awards nor restricted stock units are considered outstanding in the computation of basic earnings per share. 

 Summary of Performance Shares 

 During fiscal 2007, we granted performance shares under the 2007 Program as shown in the table below. The fair value of this stock option grant assumes that the
performance conditions will be achieved at 200 . These shares will be issued out of our 2003 Plan and our Restricted Stock Plan. 

Shares Granted 
 
 Maximum Shares Eligible to Receive 

December 1, 2006 

Awarded 
 
 382 
 
 764 

Forfeited 
 
 (18) 
 (35) 

November 30, 2007 
 
 364 
 
 729 

The
following table sets forth the summary of performance share activity under our 2006 Program for fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2006. Upon achievement of performance goals, the recipients may
be eligible to 

 105 

receive
up to 150 of the shares originally granted. These shares will be issued out of our 2003 Plan and our Restricted Stock Plan. 

2007 
 
 2006 

Shares 
 
 Maximum Shares Eligible to Receive 
 
 Shares 
 
 Maximum Shares Eligible to Receive 

Balance at beginning of year 
 
 336 
 
 504 

Awarded 
 
 12 
 
 18 
 
 360 
 
 540 

Forfeited 
 
 (73) 
 (110) 
 (24) 
 (36) 

Balance at end of year 
 
 275 
 
 412 
 
 336 
 
 504 

Note 12. Stockholders' Equity 

 In the second quarter of fiscal 2006, we concluded a voluntary review of our executive officer grants from 1997 to 2006 and uncovered no improper grants to
executive officers. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006, we concluded a second voluntary review, focused principally on grants to non-executive employees from 1997 to 2006. Preliminary
results of this internal review suggested that certain annual grants may have had improper grant dates. The Board of Directors formed a Special Committee of outside Directors to undertake a broader
review of these annual non-executive employee option grants. The Special Committee enlisted the assistance of independent legal counsel and an independent accounting firm. The Special
Committee uncovered no fraud or intentional wrongdoing. The Special Committee did find certain instances relating to grants made to employees where the list of employees and/or shares allocated to
them was not sufficiently definitive for the grant to be deemed final as of the reported grant date. In other instances, the Special Committee found that adjustments were made to some employee grants
after the grant date without a corresponding change to the measurement date. These errors resulted in an understatement of stock-based compensation in 1998 through 2005. 

 Historically,
we have evaluated uncorrected differences utilizing the rollover approach. We believe the impact of these stock-based compensation errors were immaterial to prior fiscal
years under the rollover method. However, under SAB No. 108 ("SAB 108"), "Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements When Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial
Statements", which we were required to adopt for the year ended December 1, 2006, we must assess materiality using both the rollover method and the iron-curtain method. Under the
iron-curtain method, the cumulative stock option errors are material to our fiscal 2006 financial statements and, therefore, we recorded an adjustment to our opening fiscal 2006 retained
earnings balance in the
amount of 26.6 million in accordance with the implementation guidance in SAB 108. The total cumulative impact is as follows: 

Retained Earnings 

(26,584) 

Deferred Income Taxes 

838 

Additional Paid in Capital 

27,422 

The
impact on retained earnings is comprised of the following amounts: 

Retained Earnings 
 
 1998-2002 
 
 2003 
 
 2004 
 
 2005 
 
 Total 

Stock compensation expense 

(21,800) 
 
 (10,420) 
 
 (2,959) 
 
 (230) 
 
 (35,409) 

Tax effect 

5,484 

2,558 

726 

57 

8,825 

Total, net of tax 

(16,316) 
 
 (7,862) 
 
 (2,233) 
 
 (173) 
 
 (26,584) 

Income before taxes 

1,577,480 

380,492 

608,645 

765,776 

Percent of income before taxes 

(1) 
 
 (3) 
 
 0 

0 

106 

Stockholder Rights Plan 

Our Stockholder Rights Plan is intended to protect stockholders from unfair or coercive takeover practices. In accordance with this plan, the Board of Directors
declared a dividend distribution of one common stock purchase right on each outstanding share of our common stock held as of July 24, 1990 and on each share of common stock issued by Adobe
thereafter. In July 2000, the Stockholder Rights Plan was amended to extend it for ten years so that each right entitles the holder to purchase one unit of Series A Preferred Stock,
which is equal to 1/1000 share of Series A Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, at a price of 700 per unit. As adjusted for our 2000 and 2005 stock splits each in the form of a
dividend, each share of common stock now entitles the holder to one-quarter of such a purchase right. Each whole right still entitles the registered holder to purchase from Adobe a unit of
preferred stock at 700. The rights become exercisable in certain circumstances, including upon an entity's acquiring or announcing the intention to acquire beneficial ownership of 15 or more of our
common stock without the approval of the Board of Directors or upon our being acquired by any person in a merger or business combination transaction. The rights are redeemable by Adobe prior to
exercise at 0.01 per right and expire on July 23, 2010. 

Stock Repurchase Program I 

To facilitate our stock repurchase program, designed to return value to our stockholders and minimize dilution from stock issuances, we repurchase shares in the
open market and from time to time enter into structured stock repurchase agreements with third parties. 

Authorization
to repurchase shares to cover on-going dilution is not subject to expiration. However, this repurchase program is limited to covering net dilution from stock
issuances and is subject to business conditions and cash flow requirements as determined by our Board of Directors from time to time. 

 As
part of this program, on April 17, 2005, the Board of Directors approved the use of an additional 1.0 billion for stock repurchase commencing upon the close of the
Macromedia acquisition. This additional 1.0 billion in stock repurchases was completed by the third quarter of fiscal 2006. 

During
fiscal 2007 and 2006, we entered into several structured repurchase agreements with large financial institutions, whereupon we provided the financial institutions with prepayments
of 1.1 billion and 1.3 billion, respectively. We entered into these agreements in order to take advantage of repurchasing shares at a guaranteed discount to the VWAP of our common
stock. We only enter into such transactions when the discount that we receive is higher than the foregone return on our cash prepayments to the financial institutions. There were no explicit
commissions or fees on these structured repurchases. Under the terms of the agreements, there is no requirement for the financial institutions to return any portion of the prepayment to us. 

The
financial institutions agree to deliver shares to us at monthly intervals during the contract term. The parameters used to calculate the number of shares deliverable are: the total
notional amount of the contract, the number of trading days in the contract, the number of trading days in the interval and the average VWAP of our stock during the interval less the agreed upon
discount. During fiscal 2007, we repurchased 22.0 million shares at an average price of 40.04 through structured repurchase agreements which included prepayments from fiscal 2006. During
fiscal 2006, we repurchased 1.7 million shares at an average price of 36.04 through open market repurchases and 36.8 million shares at an average price of 34.00 through structured
repurchase agreements which included prepayments from fiscal 2005. 

 For
fiscal 2007, the prepayments were classified as treasury stock on our balance sheet at the payment date, though only shares physically delivered to us by November 30, 2007 are
excluded from the denominator in the computation of earnings per share. All outstanding structured repurchase agreements as of November 30, 2007 under this program will expire on or before
June 19, 2008. As of November 30, 2007, approximately 422.6 million of up-front payments remained under the agreements. 

 107 

Subsequent
to November 30, 2007, we entered into additional structured stock repurchase agreements with large financial institutions whereupon we provided the financial
institutions with prepayments of 150.0 million. The 150.0 million will be classified as treasury stock on our balance sheet. See Note 21 for discussion
of our subsequent event related to the Stock Repurchase Program I . 

Stock Repurchase Program II 

In April 2007, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a new stock repurchase program. Under the new program, which is not subject to
expiration, we are authorized to repurchase in aggregate up to 20.0 million shares of our common stock. This program is in addition to our existing stock repurchase program designed to return
value to our shareholders and offset dilution from employee stock programs. During fiscal 2007, we provided prepayments of 850.0 million under structured share repurchase agreements to large
financial institutions under this program. During fiscal 2007, we repurchased 17.7 million shares through structured share repurchase agreements at an average price of 40.50 and approximately
 133.7 million of up-front payments remained under these agreements. All outstanding structured repurchase agreements as of November 30, 2007 under this program will expire
on or before March 18, 2008. 

 As
part of this program, in November 2007, the Board of Directors approved a 30 million share increase commencing in 2008 to the Stock Repurchase Program II. This increases the
authorization under this program from the original 20 million shares to 50 million shares. Subsequent to November 30, 2007, we entered into additional structured stock repurchase
agreements with large financial institutions whereupon we provided the financial institutions with prepayments of 1.0 billion. The 1.0 billion will be classified as treasury stock on
our balance sheet. See Note 21 for discussion of our subsequent event related to the Stock Repurchase Program II. 

Note 13. Comprehensive Income 

 The following table sets forth the components of other comprehensive income for fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005: 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Beginning balance 

6,344 

(914) 
 
 (2,289) 

Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes 

14,570 

7,210 

(4,529) 

Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments 

(6,046) 
 
 285 

12,771 

Reclassification adjustment for gains on available-for-sale securities recognized during the period, net of tax 

2,000 

865 

2,223 

Reclassification adjustment for gains (losses) on derivative instruments recognized during the period, net of tax 

5,510 

(5,035) 
 
 (7,453) 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

5,570 

3,933 

(1,637) 

Other comprehensive income 

21,604 

7,258 

1,375 

Ending balance 

27,948 

6,344 

(914) 

Taxes
related to unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities for fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005 were 2.4 million, 2.6 million and
zero, respectively. Taxes related to derivative instruments were zero for all fiscal years. 

 Note 14. Net Income Per Share 

 Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period, excluding unvested restricted stock. Diluted
net income per share is based upon 

 108 

the
weighted average common shares outstanding for the period plus dilutive potential common shares, including unvested restricted stock and stock options using the treasury stock method. 

 The
following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share for fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005: 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Net income 

723,807 

505,809 

602,839 

Shares used to compute basic net income per share 

584,203 

593,750 

489,921 

Dilutive potential common shares: 

Unvested restricted stock 

13 

85 

35 

Stock options 

14,559 

18,387 

18,114 

Shares used to compute diluted net income per share 

598,775 

612,222 

508,070 

Basic net income per share 

1.24 

0.85 

1.23 

Diluted net income per share 

1.21 

0.83 

1.19 

For
fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005, options to purchase approximately 10.4 million, 17.7 million and 11.6 million shares, respectively, of common stock with exercise
prices greater than the annual average fair market value of our stock of 41.77, 35.32 and 30.33, respectively, were not included in the calculation because the effect would have been
anti-dilutive. 

 Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies 

Lease Commitments 

We lease certain of our facilities and some of our equipment under non-cancellable operating lease arrangements that expire at various dates through
2025. We also have one land lease that expires in 2091. Rent expense and sublease income for these leases for fiscal 2005 through fiscal 2007 were as follows: 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Rent expense 

90,553 

74,629 

58,215 

Less: sublease income 

9,406 

3,556 

4,995 

Net rent expense 

81,147 

71,073 

53,220 

We
occupy three office buildings in San Jose, California where our corporate headquarters are located. We reference these office buildings as the Almaden Tower and the East and
West Towers. 

 In
August 2004, we extended the lease agreement for our East and West Towers for an additional five years with an option to extend for an additional five years solely at our
election. In March 2007, the Almaden Tower lease was extended for five years, with a renewal option for an additional five years solely at our election. As part of the lease extensions, we
purchased the lease receivable from the lessor of the East and West Towers for 126.8 million and a portion of the lease receivable from the lessor of the Almaden Tower for
 80.4 million, both of which are recorded as investments in lease receivables on our consolidated balance sheet. This purchase may be credited against the residual value guarantee if we
purchase the properties or will be repaid from the sale proceeds if the properties are sold to third parties. Under the agreement for the East and West Towers and the agreement for the Almaden Tower,
we have the option to purchase the buildings at anytime during the lease term for approximately 143.2 million and 103.6 million, respectively. The residual value guarantees under the
East and West Towers and the Almaden Tower obligations are 126.8 million and 89.4 million, respectively. 

 109 

These
two leases are both subject to standard covenants including certain financial ratios that are reported to the lessors quarterly. As of November 30, 2007, we were in
compliance with all covenants. In the case of a default, the lessor may demand we purchase the buildings for an amount equal to the lease balance, or require that we remarket or relinquish the
buildings. Both leases qualify for operating lease accounting treatment under SFAS No. 13, "Accounting for Leases," and, as such, the buildings and the related obligations are not included on
our consolidated balance sheet. We utilized this type of financing in order to access bank-provided funding at the most favorable rates and to provide the lowest total cost of occupancy
for the headquarter buildings. At the end of the lease term, we can extend the lease for an additional five year term, purchase the buildings for the lease balance, remarket or relinquish the
buildings. If we choose to remarket or are required to do so upon relinquishing the buildings, we are bound to arrange the sale of the buildings to an unrelated party and will be required to pay the
lessor any shortfall between the net remarketing proceeds and the lease balance, up to the residual value guarantee amount. 

 Following
is a table for future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases and future minimum sublease income under non-cancellable subleases
for each of the next five years and thereafter. The table includes commitments related to our restructured facilities. See Note 9 for information regarding our
restructurings. 

Fiscal Year 
 
 Future Minimum Lease Payments 
 
 Future Minimum Sublease Income 

2008 

55,304 

9,321 

2009 

45,640 

8,850 

2010 

32,896 

5,532 

2011 

26,562 

1,116 

2012 

19,558 

80 

Thereafter 

111,164 

Total 

291,124 

24,899 

Guarantees 

The lease agreements for our corporate headquarters provide for residual value guarantees as noted above. Under FIN 45, the fair value of a residual value
guarantee in lease agreements entered into after December 31, 2002, must be recognized as a liability on our consolidated balance sheet. As such, we recognized 5.2 million and
 3.0 million in liabilities, related to the extended East and West Towers and Almaden Tower leases, respectively. These liabilities are recorded in other long-term liabilities with
the offsetting entry recorded as prepaid rent in other assets. The balance will be amortized to the income statement over the life of the leases. As of November 30, 2007, the unamortized
portion of the fair value of the residual value guarantees, for both leases, remaining in other long-term liabilities and prepaid rent was 4.2 million. 

Royalties 

We have certain royalty commitments associated with the shipment and licensing of certain products. Royalty expense is generally based on a dollar amount per unit
shipped or a percentage of the underlying revenue. Royalty expense, which was recorded under our cost of products revenue on our consolidated statements of income, was approximately
 37.4 million, 19.1 million and 17.8 million in fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. 

 110 

Indemnifications 

In the normal course of business, we provide indemnifications of varying scope to customers against claims of intellectual property infringement made by third
parties arising from the use of our products. Historically, costs related to these indemnification provisions have not been significant and we are unable to estimate the maximum potential impact of
these indemnification provisions on our future results of operations. 

 To
the extent permitted under Delaware law, we have agreements whereby we indemnify our officers and directors for certain events or occurrences while the officer or director is, or was
serving, at our
request in such capacity. The indemnification period covers all pertinent events and occurrences during the officer's or director's lifetime. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could
be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited; however, we have director and officer insurance coverage that reduces our exposure and enables us to recover a portion of any
future amounts paid. We believe the estimated fair value of these indemnification agreements in excess of applicable insurance coverage is minimal. 

 As
part of our limited partnership interests in Adobe Ventures, we have provided a general indemnification to Granite Ventures, an independent venture capital firm and sole general
partner of Adobe Ventures, for certain events or occurrences while Granite Ventures is, or was serving, at our request in such capacity provided that Granite Ventures acts in good faith on behalf of
the partnership. We are unable to develop an estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments that could potentially result from any hypothetical future claim, but believe the risk of
having to make any payments under this general indemnification to be remote. 

Legal Proceedings 

On October 13, 2006, a purported shareholder derivative action entitled Steven Staehr v. Bruce R. Chizen, et al was filed in the Superior Court of
California for the County of Santa Clara against certain of our current and former officers and directors, and against Adobe as a nominal defendant. The complaint asserts that stock option grants to
executives were priced retroactively by Adobe and were improperly accounted for, and alleges various causes of action based on that assertion. The complaint seeks payment by the defendants to Adobe of
damages allegedly suffered by it and disgorgement of profits, as well as injunctive relief. On November 27, 2007 the Court granted defendants' demurrer to the Second Amended Complaint and
dismissed it without leave to amend. On December 11, 2007, plaintiff filed a motion for reconsideration of the Court's order sustaining the demurrer without leave to amend which is scheduled to
be heard on January 29, 2008. 

 In
connection with our anti-piracy efforts, conducted both internally and through organizations such as the Business Software Alliance, from time to time we undertake
litigation against alleged copyright infringers. Such lawsuits may lead to counter-claims alleging improper use of litigation or violation of other local laws. We believe we have valid defenses with
respect to such counter-claims; however, it is possible that our consolidated financial position, cash flows or results of operations could be affected in any particular period by the resolution of
one or more of these counter-claims. 

 From
time to time, in addition to those identified above, Adobe is subject to legal proceedings, claims, investigations and proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including
claims of alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, commercial, employment and other matters. In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America, Adobe makes a provision for a liability when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These
provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impacts of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal
counsel, and other information and events pertaining to a particular case. Litigation is inherently unpredictable. However, we believe that we have valid defenses with respect to the legal matters
pending against Adobe. It is possible, nevertheless, that our consolidated financial position, cash flows or results of operations could be affected by the resolution of one or more of such
contingencies. 

 111 

Note 16. Credit Agreement 

 In August 2007, we entered into the Amendment to our Credit Agreement dated February 2007 (the "Amendment"), which increased the total senior
unsecured revolving facility from 500.0 million to 1.0 billion. The Amendment also permits us to request one-year extensions effective on each anniversary of the closing
date of the original agreement, subject to the majority consent of the lenders. Also, we retain an option to request an additional 500.0 million in commitments, for a maximum aggregate
facility of 1.5 billion. The facility contains a financial covenant requiring us not to exceed a certain maximum leverage ratio. Borrowings under the facility accrue interest based on a
pricing grid tied to this financial covenant. Commitment fees are payable on the facility at rates between 0.05 and 0.15 per year based on the same pricing grid. The facility terminates on
February 16, 2012 if no extensions have been requested and is available to provide loans to us and certain of our subsidiaries for general corporate purposes. As of November 30, 2007, we
had no outstanding borrowings under this credit facility and were in compliance with all covenants. In January 2008, we drew down 450.0 million under this facility. 

 Note 17. Financial Instruments 

 In accordance with SFAS 133 we recognize derivative instruments and hedging activities as either assets or liabilities on the balance sheet and measure
them at fair value. Gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value are accounted for depending on the use of the derivative and whether it is designated and qualifies for hedge accounting. 

Economic Hedging Hedges of Forecasted Transactions 

 We use foreign exchange option contracts to hedge certain operational ("cash flow") exposures resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Such cash
flow exposures result from portions of our forecasted revenue denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Japanese Yen and the Euro. These foreign exchange contracts, carried
at fair value, may have maturities between one and twelve months. The maximum original duration of any option contract is
twelve months. We enter into these foreign exchange contracts to hedge forecasted product licensing revenue in the normal course of business, and accordingly, they are not speculative in nature. 

To
receive hedge accounting treatment, all hedging relationships are formally documented at the inception of the hedge, and the hedges must be highly effective in offsetting changes to
future cash flows on hedged transactions. We record changes in the intrinsic value of these cash flow hedges in accumulated other comprehensive income until the forecasted transaction occurs. 

 The
following is a summary of the existing gains that are currently included in accumulated other comprehensive income. These amounts represent the fair value of our cash flow hedge
contracts that were still open as of the periods below. 

Gain (Loss) on Hedges of Forecasted Transactions: 

Accumulated Other 
Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

November 30, 
 
 December 1, 
 
 December 2, 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Net unrealized gain remaining in other accumulated comprehensive income, net of tax 

30.8 

566.8 

5,317.1 

When
the forecasted transaction occurs, we reclassify the related gain or loss on the cash flow hedge to revenue. In the event the underlying forecasted transaction does not occur, or it
becomes probable that it will not occur, the related hedge gains and losses on the cash flow hedge are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest and other income
(loss) on the consolidated 

 112 

statement
of income at that time. For fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005 there were no such gains or losses recognized in other income relating to hedges of forecasted transactions that did not occur. 

 Pursuant
to SFAS 133, we evaluate hedge effectiveness at the inception of the hedge prospectively as well as retrospectively and record any ineffective portion of the hedging
instruments in other income on the consolidated income statement. The net gain (loss) recognized in other income for cash flow hedges due to hedge ineffectiveness was insignificant for fiscal 2007,
2006 and 2005. The time value of purchased derivative instruments is recorded in other income. 

A
summary of the amounts included on the consolidated income statement due to occurrence of the hedged transaction and or time value degradation on open hedge transactions is as follows: 

Years Ended 

November 30, 2007 
 
 December 1, 2006 
 
 December 2, 2005 

Revenue 
 
 Other Income (Loss) 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Other Income (Loss) 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Other Income (Loss) 

Gain (loss) on completed hedge transactions: 

Net realized gain reclassified from other accumulated comprehensive income to revenue 

5,510 

5,035 

7,453 

Net realized loss from the cost of purchased options 

(12,875) 

(8,873) 

(6,624) 

Gain (loss) on open hedge transactions: 

Net unrealized gain (loss) from the time value on open cash flow hedge transactions 

765 

(3,913) 

2,648 

5,510 

(12,110) 
 
 5,035 

(12,786) 
 
 7,453 

(3,976) 

Balance Sheet Hedging Hedging of Foreign Currency Assets and Liabilities 

 We hedge our net recognized foreign currency assets and liabilities with forward foreign exchange contracts to reduce the risk that our earnings and cash flows
will be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These derivative instruments hedge assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies and are carried at fair
value with changes in the fair value recorded as other income. These derivative instruments do not subject us to material balance sheet risk due to exchange rate movements because gains and losses on
these derivatives are intended to offset gains and losses on the assets and liabilities being hedged. As of November 30, 2007, total outstanding contracts were 673.0 million which
included the notional equivalent of 440.3 million in Euro, 154.3 million in Yen and 78.4 million in other foreign currencies. At November 30, 2007, the outstanding
balance sheet hedging derivatives had maturities of 90 days or less. 

 113 

Net
gains (losses) recognized in other income relating to balance sheet hedging for fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005 were as follows: 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Gain (loss) on foreign currency assets and liabilities: 

Net realized gain (loss) recognized in other income 

13,388 

11,046 

(9,604) 

Net (loss) gain recognized in other income related to instruments outstanding 

(4,035) 
 
 4,721 

(4,088) 

9,353 

15,767 

(13,692) 

(Loss) gain on hedges of foreign currency assets and liabilities: 

Net realized (loss) gain recognized in other income 

(8,394) 
 
 (4,179) 
 
 9,893 

Net unrealized gain (loss) recognized in other income 

1,887 

(6,879) 
 
 5,747 

(6,507) 
 
 (11,058) 
 
 15,640 

Net gain recognized in other income 

2,846 

4,709 

1,948 

Concentration of Risk 

 Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk are short-term investments, primarily fixed-income securities,
derivatives, hedging foreign currency and interest rate risk, and accounts receivable. 

 Our
investment portfolio consists of investment-grade securities diversified among security types, industries and issuers. Our cash and investments are held and managed by recognized
financial institutions that follow our investment policy. Our policy limits the amount of credit exposure to any one security issue or issuer, and we believe no significant concentration of credit
risk exists with respect to these investments. 

 We
mitigate concentration of risk related to foreign currency hedges as well as interest rate hedges through a policy that establishes counterparty limits. We also have minimum rating
requirements for all bank counterparties. 

 Credit
risk in receivables is limited to OEM partners, dealers and distributors of hardware and software products to the retail market, and to customers whereby we license software
directly. Management believes that any risk of loss is reduced due to the diversity of our customers and geographic sales areas. A credit review is completed for our new distributors, dealers and OEM
partners. We also perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers' financial condition and require letters of credit or other guarantees, whenever deemed necessary. The credit limit given to the
customer is based on our risk assessment of their ability to pay, country risk and other factors and is not contingent on the resale of the product or on the collection of payments from their
customers. We also purchase credit insurance to mitigate credit risk in some foreign markets where we believe it is warranted. If we license our software to a customer where we have a reason to
believe the customer's ability to pay is not probable, due to country risk or credit risk, we will not recognize the revenue. We will revert to recognizing the revenue on a cash basis, assuming all
other criteria for revenue recognition has been met. See Note 19 for information regarding our significant customers. 

 We
derive a significant portion of our OEM PostScript and Other licensing revenue from a small number of OEM partners. Our OEM partners on occasion seek to renegotiate their royalty
arrangements. We evaluate these requests on a case-by-case basis. If an agreement is not reached, a customer may decide to pursue other options, which could result in lower
licensing revenue for us. 

 114 

Note 18. Interest and Other Income, Net 

 Interest and other income, net includes the following components: 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Interest and other income, net: 

Interest income 

92,794 

74,783 

42,040 

Interest expense 

(253) 
 
 (98) 
 
 (688) 

Foreign exchange (losses) 

(9,264) 
 
 (8,077) 
 
 (2,028) 

Fixed income investment (losses) 

(2,576) 
 
 (1,098) 
 
 (1,081) 

Other 

1,770 

1,675 

400 

Interest and other income, net 

82,471 

67,185 

38,643 

Note 19. Industry Segment, Geographic Information and Significant Customers 

 Coinciding with the integration of Macromedia and the start of fiscal 2006, we changed the reporting of our segments to be aligned with our market opportunities
and how we manage our combined businesses. For comparability, prior fiscal period's results have been reclassified to reflect the realignment of the segments. Our reported results do not include the
impact of our acquisition of Macromedia for periods prior to the acquisition date. 

We
have the following segments: Creative Solutions, Knowledge Worker and Enterprise Solutions, Mobile and Device Solutions and Other which includes the Print and Classic Publishing and
Platform
segments. Our Creative Solutions segment focuses on delivering a complete professional line of integrated tools for a full range of creative and developer tasks to an extended set of customers. This
segment combines most of the products of our prior Creative Professional and Digital Imaging and Video business segments, along with the creative professional-focused products and solutions that we
obtained through our acquisition of Macromedia. The Knowledge Worker Solutions segment focuses on the needs of knowledge worker customers, providing essential applications and services to help them
share information and collaborate. This segment contains revenue generated by Adobe Acrobat Connect and our Acrobat family of products. Our Enterprise and Developer Solutions segment provides
server-based enterprise interaction solutions that automate people-centric processes and contains revenue generated by our LiveCycle line of products. The Mobile and Device Solutions segment provides
solutions that create compelling experiences through rich content, user interfaces and data services on mobile and non-PC devices such as cellular phones, consumer devices and Internet
connected hand-held devices. Finally, Other contains several of our products and services which address market opportunities ranging from the diverse publishing needs of technical and
business publishing, to our legacy type and OEM printing businesses, to new strategic opportunities such as OEM revenue generated from our desktop technology platform which includes Adobe
Reader and Adobe Flash Player applications. 

 We
will adjust our reporting segments at the beginning of fiscal 2008 to reflect changes for how we manage our business as we enter the new fiscal year. 

 The
accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. With the exception of goodwill and intangible assets,
we do not identify or allocate our assets by the operating segments. 

 115 

Our
segment results for fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005 are as follows: 

Other 

Creative Solutions 
 
 Knowledge Worker Solutions 
 
 Enterprise and Developer Solutions 
 
 Mobile and Device Solutions 
 
 Print and Classic Publishing 
 
 Platform 
 
 Total 

Fiscal 2007 

Revenue 

1,898,924 

728,528 

230,985 

52,510 

205,209 

41,725 

3,157,881 

Cost of revenue 

147,161 

57,683 

79,038 

31,274 

39,364 

174 

354,694 

Gross profit 

1,751,763 

670,845 

151,947 

21,236 

165,845 

41,551 

2,803,187 

Gross profit as a percentage of revenue 

92 

92 

66 

40 

81 

100 

89 

Fiscal 2006 

Revenue 

1,437,908 

657,813 

189,310 

37,505 

215,530 

37,234 

2,575,300 

Cost of revenue 

138,437 

36,992 

67,911 

22,185 

26,881 

51 

292,457 

Gross profit 

1,299,471 

620,821 

121,399 

15,320 

188,649 

37,183 

2,282,843 

Gross profit as a percentage of revenue 

90 

94 

64 

41 

88 

100 

89 

Fiscal 2005 

Revenue 

1,128,339 

593,520 

113,002 

129,904 

1,556 

1,966,321 

Cost of revenue 

55,321 

22,192 

24,161 

10,904 

112,578 

Gross profit 

1,073,018 

571,328 

88,841 

119,000 

1,556 

1,853,743 

Gross profit as a percentage of revenue 

95 

96 

79 

92 

100 

94 

For
fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005, our revenue and property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation, are presented below by geographic area. With the exception of property and
equipment, we do not identify or allocate our assets by geographic area. 

Revenue 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Americas: 

United States 

1,379,028 

1,157,708 

864,274 

Other 

129,776 

109,068 

75,443 

Total Americas 

1,508,804 

1,266,776 

939,717 

EMEA 

1,026,455 

770,060 

612,721 

Asia: 

Japan 

407,344 

354,029 

284,528 

Other 

215,278 

184,435 

129,355 

Total Asia 

622,622 

538,464 

413,883 

Total revenue 

3,157,881 

2,575,300 

1,966,321 

116 

Property and Equipment 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 

Americas: 

United States 

228,263 

178,893 

Other 

15,364 

11,900 

Total Americas 

243,627 

190,793 

EMEA 

27,035 

17,896 

Asia: 

India 

11,633 

13,534 

Other 

7,463 

4,974 

Total Asia 

19,096 

18,508 

Total property and equipment 

289,758 

227,197 

Significant Customers 

 The table below lists our significant customers, as a percentage of net revenue for fiscal 2005 through 2007. As listed, our significant customers are
distributors and thus impact each of our reporting segments. 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Ingram Micro 
 
 21 
 
 24 
 
 26 

Tech Data 
 
 10 
 
 10 
 
 11 

Receivables
from our significant customers, as a percentage of gross trade receivables for fiscal 2007 and 2006 are as follows: 

2007 
 
 2006 

Ingram Micro 
 
 19 
 
 25 

Tech Data 
 
 10 
 
 11 

Note 20. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) 

2007 

Quarter Ended 

March 2 
 
 June 1 
 
 August 31 
 
 November 30 

Revenue 

649,407 

745,577 

851,686 

911,211 

Gross profit 

577,144 

654,363 

759,065 

812,615 

Income before income taxes 

174,402 

205,116 

276,995 

290,677 

Net income 

143,851 

152,505 

205,243 

222,208 

Basic net income per share 

0.24 

0.26 

0.35 

0.39 

Diluted net income per share 

0.24 

0.25 

0.34 

0.38 

2006 

Quarter Ended 

March 3 
 
 June 2 
 
 September 1 
 
 December 1 

Revenue 

655,478 

635,456 

602,191 

682,175 

Gross profit 

577,732 

569,849 

532,712 

602,550 

Income before income taxes 

144,257 

164,497 

123,012 

247,961 

Net income 

105,072 

123,097 

94,396 

183,244 

Basic net income per share 

0.18 

0.21 

0.16 

0.31 

Diluted net income per share 

0.17 

0.20 

0.16 

0.30 

117 

Note 21. Subsequent Event 

 Structured Stock Repurchase Agreements 

 Subsequent to November 30, 2007, as part of Stock Repurchase Programs I and II, we entered into additional structured stock repurchase agreements with
large financial institutions whereupon we provided the financial institutions with prepayments of approximately 1.2 billion. This amount will be classified as treasury stock on our balance
sheet. See Note 12 for further information regarding our structured stock repurchase agreements. 

 Credit Agreement 

 In January 2008, we drew down 450.0 million under our credit facility. See Note 16 for further information regarding our
credit facility. 

 118 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 The
Board of Directors and Stockholders 
Adobe Systems Incorporated: 

 We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Adobe Systems Incorporated and subsidiaries as of November 30, 2007 and December 1, 2006, and the related
consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended November 30, 2007. These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 

 We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Adobe Systems Incorporated and subsidiaries as
of November 30, 2007 and December 1, 2006 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended November 30,
2007, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

 As
discussed in Note 11 and Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, effective December 3, 2005, the Company adopted the provision of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment, and Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 108, Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in the Current Year Financial Statements . 

 We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Adobe Systems Incorporated's internal control over financial
reporting as of November 30, 2007, based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated January 24, 2008, expressed an unqualified opinion on the effective operation of internal control over
financial reporting. 

 /s/KPMG LLP 
Mountain View, California 
January 24, 2008 

 119 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 Our management has evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures as of November 30, 2007. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of November 30,
2007, our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under Securities Exchange Act of 1934), were effective and designed to ensure
that (i) information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC's rules and instructions, and (ii) information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

 Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all
error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the
design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no
evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Adobe have been detected. 

 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2007. In making this
assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework . Our management has concluded that, as of November 30, 2007, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on these criteria. 

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended November 30, 2007 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 The
Board of Directors and Stockholders 
Adobe Systems Incorporated: 

 We
have audited Adobe Systems Incorporated's internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2007, based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Adobe Systems
Incorporated's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
included in 

 120 

the
accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A(b). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on Adobe Systems Incorporated's
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

 We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our
audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 A
company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 In
our opinion, Adobe Systems Incorporated maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2007, based on the criteria
established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Adobe Systems Incorporated and
subsidiaries as of November 30, 2007 and December 1, 2006, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of
the years in the three-year period ended November 30, 2007, and our report dated January 24, 2008, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial
statements. 

 /s/KPMG LLP 
Mountain View, California 
January 24, 2008 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

 None. 

 121 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 The information required by Item 10 of Form 10-K with respect to Item 401 of Regulation S-K regarding our
directors is incorporated herein by reference from the
information contained in the section entitled "Proposal 1 Election of Directors" in our definitive Proxy Statement we will deliver to our stockholders in connection with our Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 9, 2008. 

 The
information required by Item 10 of Form 10-K with respect to Item 405 of Regulation S-K regarding section 16(a) beneficial
ownership compliance is incorporated by reference from the information contained in the section entitled "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in our definitive Proxy
Statement we will deliver to our stockholders in connection with our Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 9, 2008. 

The
information required by Item 10 of Form 10-K with respect to Item 406 of Regulation S-K regarding code of ethics is incorporated
by reference from the information contained in the section entitled "Code of Ethics" in our definitive Proxy Statement we will deliver to our stockholders in connection with our Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be held on April 9, 2008. 

 The
information required by Item 10 of Form 10-K with respect to Item 407(c)(3), 407(d)(4) and 407(d)(5) is incorporated by reference from the
information contained in the sections entitled "Proposal 1 Election of Directors" and "Audit Committee Report" in our definitive Proxy Statement we will deliver to our stockholders
in connection with our Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 9, 2008. 

 For
information with respect to our executive officers, see "Executive Officers" at the end of Part I, Item 1 of this report. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 You will find this information in the sections captioned "Executive Compensation," "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation," "Executive
Compensation Committee Report," and"Director Compensation" in the Proxy Statement we will deliver to our stockholders in connection with our Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on
April 9, 2008. We are incorporating the information contained in that section of our Proxy Statement here by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

You will find this information in the sections captioned "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" and "Equity Compensation Plan
Information" in the Proxy Statement we will deliver to our stockholders in connection with our Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 9, 2008. We are incorporating the information
contained in that section here by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

You will find this information in the sections captioned "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" and "Proposal 1 Election of
Directors Independence of Directors" in the Proxy Statement we will deliver to our stockholders in connection with our Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 9, 2008. We
are incorporating the information contained in that section here by reference. 

 122 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

 You will find this information in the sections captioned "Principal Accounting Fees and Services" and "Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Services
Performed by Our Independent Registered Public Accountants" in the Proxy Statement we will deliver to our stockholders in connection with our Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on
April 9, 2008. We are incorporating the information contained in that section here by reference. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

1. Financial
Statements. See "Index to Consolidated Financial Statements" in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
 2. Exhibits.
The exhibits listed in the accompanying "Index to Exhibits" are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-K. 
 
 123 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on January 24, 2008. 

ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED 

By: 
 
/s/ MARK GARRETT Mark Garrett, 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Shantanu Narayen and Mark Garrett, and each or any one
of them, his or her lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, for such person in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report and to file the same, with all
exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that either of said
attorneys-in-fact and agent, or substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ JOHN E. WARNOCK John E. Warnock 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 January 24, 2008 

/s/ CHARLES M. GESCHKE Charles M. Geschke 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 

January 24, 2008 

/s/ SHANTANU NARAYEN Shantanu Narayen 

Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

January 24, 2008 

/s/ MARK GARRETT Mark Garrett 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 

January 24, 2008 

/s/ RICHARD T. ROWLEY Richard T. Rowley 

Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer 

January 24, 2008 

124 

/s/ EDWARD W. BARNHOLT Edward W. Barnholt 

Director 

January 24, 2008 

/s/ ROBERT K. BURGESS Robert K. Burgess 

Director 

January 24, 2008 

/s/ MICHAEL R. CANNON Michael R. Cannon 

Director 

January 24, 2008 

/s/ BRUCE R. CHIZEN Bruce R. Chizen 

Director 

January 24, 2008 

/s/ JAMES E. DALEY James E. Daley 

Director 

January 24, 2008 

/s/ CAROL MILLS Carol Mills 

Director 

January 24, 2008 

/s/ COLLEEN M. POULIOT Colleen M. Pouliot 

Director 

January 24, 2008 

/s/ ROBERT SEDGEWICK Robert Sedgewick 

Director 

January 24, 2008 

/s/ DELBERT W. YOCAM Delbert W. Yocam 

Director 

January 24, 2008 

125 

SUMMARY OF TRADEMARKS 

 The following trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated or its subsidiaries, which may be registered in the United States and/or other countries, are referenced in
this Form 10-K: 

Adobe 

Acrobat 

Acrobat Connect 

Acrobat Messenger 

ActionScript 

Adobe AIR 

Adobe Audition 

Adobe Encore 

Adobe OnLocation 

Adobe Premiere 

Adobe Type Manager 

After Effects 

Authorware 

Captivate 

ColdFusion 

Contribute 

Creative Suite 

Director 

Distiller 

Dreamweaver 

DV Rack 

Encore 

Fireworks 

Flash 

Flash Cast 

Flash Lite 

Flex 

Flex Builder 

Font Folio 

FrameMaker 

FreeHand 

GoLive 

Illustrator 

InCopy 

InDesign 

JRun 

Lightroom 

LiveCycle 

Macromedia 

MXML 

Ovation 

PageMaker 

Photoshop 

PostScript 

Reader 

RoboHelp 

126 

Shockwave 

Scene 7 

Soundbooth 

Ultra 

Version Cue 

Visual Communicator 

Vlog It! 

All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 

127 

EXHIBITS 

 As required under Item 15, Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules, the exhibits filed as part of this report are provided in this separate section. The
exhibits included in this section are as follows: 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
Number 

Filed 
Herewith 

Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Date 
 
 Number 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/15/08 
 
 3.1 

3.2 

Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on 5/22/01 

10-Q 

7/16/01 

3.6 

3.2.1 

Certificate of Correction of Restated Certificate of Incorporation as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware 

10-Q 

4/11/03 

3.6.1 

3.3 

Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock of Adobe Systems Incorporated 

10-Q 

7/8/03 

3.3 

4.1 

Fourth Amended and Restated Rights Agreement between Adobe Systems Incorporated and Computershare Investor Services, LLC 

8-K 

7/3/00 

1 

4.1.1 

Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Rights Agreement between Adobe Systems Incorporated and Computershare Investor Services, LLC 

8-A/2G/A 

5/23/03 

7 

10.1 

1984 Stock Option Plan, as amended 

10-Q 

7/02/93 

10.1.6 

10.2 

Amended 1994 Performance and Restricted Stock Plan 

10-K/A 

2/6/07 

10.2 

10.3 

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement used in connection with the Amended 1994 Performance and Restricted Stock Plan 

10-Q 

10/7/04 

10.3 

10.4 

1994 Stock Option Plan, as amended 

S-8 

5/30/97 

10.40 

10.5 

1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended 

X 

10.6 

1996 Outside Directors Stock Option Plan, as amended 

10-Q 

4/12/06 

10.6 

10.7 

Forms of Stock Option Agreements used in connection with the 1996 Outside Directors Stock Option Plan 

S-8 

6/16/00 

4.8 

10.8 

1999 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan, as amended 

S-8 

10/29/01 

4.6 

10.9 

1999 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 

10-K 

2/26/03 

10.37 

10.10 

2003 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated 

DEF 14A 

3/02/07 

Appendix A 

128 

10.11 

Forms of Stock Option and Restricted Stock Agreement used in connection with the 2003 Equity Incentive Plan 

10-Q 

10/7/04 

10.11 

10.12 

Form of Indemnity Agreement 

10-Q 

5/30/97 

10.25.1 

10.13 

Forms of Retention Agreement 

10-K 

11/28/97 

10.44 

10.14 

Second Amended and Restated Master Lease of Land and Improvements by and between SMBC Leasing and Finance, Inc. and Adobe Systems Incorporated 

10-Q 

10/7/04 

10.14 

10.15 

Lease between Adobe Systems and Selco Service Corporation, dated March 26, 2007 

8-K 

3/28/07 

10.1 

10.16 

Participation agreement among Adobe Systems, Selco Service Corporation, et al. dated March 26, 2007 

8-K 

3/28/07 

10.2 

10.17 

Lease Agreement by and between Allaire Corporation and EOP Riverside Project LLC dated November 23, 1999 

10-K 

3/30/00 

10.23 

10.18 

First Amendment to Lease Agreement by and between Allaire Corporation and EOP Riverside Project LLC dated May 31, 2000 

10-Q 

8/14/00 

10.3 

10.19 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement used in connection with the Amended 1994 Performance and Restricted Stock Plan 

10-K/A 

2/6/07 

10.20 

10.20 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement used in connection with the 2003 Equity Incentive Plan 

10-K/A 

2/6/07 

10.21 

10.21 

Adobe Systems Incorporated 2004 Annual Executive Incentive Plan 

8-K 

1/13/05 

10.1 

10.22 

Adobe Systems Incorporated 2005 Annual Executive Incentive Plan 

8-K 

1/13/05 

10.2 

10.23 

Description of 2005 Director Compensation 

10-K 

2/2/05 

10.21 

10.24 

Description of 2006 Director Compensation 

8-K 

9/23/05 

10.1 

10.25 

Adobe Systems Incorporated 2006 Management Team Annual Incentive Plan 

8-K 

1/13/06 

10.1 

10.26 

2007 Executive Officer Annual Incentive Plan 

8-K 

1/30/07 

10.5 

10.27 

2005 Equity Incentive Assumption Plan 

8-K 

12/07/05 

10.2 

129 

10.28 

Form of Stock Option Agreement used in connection with the 2005 Equity Incentive Assumption Plan 

8-K 

12/07/05 

10.3 

10.29 

Allaire Corporation 1997 Stock Incentive Plan 

S-8 

03/27/01 

4.06 

10.30 

Allaire Corporation 1998 Stock Incentive Plan 

S-8 

03/27/01 

4.07 

10.31 

Allaire Corporation 2000 Stock Incentive Plan 

S-8 

03/27/01 

4.08 

10.32 

Andromedia, Inc. 1996 Stock Option Plan 

S-8 

12/07/99 

4.07 

10.33 

Andromedia, Inc. 1997 Stock Option Plan 

S-8 

12/07/99 

4.08 

10.34 

Andromedia, Inc. 1999 Stock Plan 

S-8 

12/07/99 

4.09 

10.35 

ESI Software, Inc. 1996 Equity Incentive Plan 

S-8 

10/18/99 

4.08 

10.36 

eHelp Corporation 1999 Equity Incentive Plan 

S-8 

12/29/03 

4.08 

10.37 

Blue Sky Software Corporation 1996 Stock Option Plan 

S-8 

12/29/03 

4.07 

10.38 

Bright Tiger Technologies, Inc. 1996 Stock Option Plan 

S-8 

03/27/01 

4.11 

10.39 

Live Software, Inc. 1999 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan 

S-8 

03/27/01 

4.10 

10.40 

Macromedia, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan 

S-8 

08/17/00 

4.07 

10.41 

Macromedia, Inc. 1993 Directors Stock Option Plan 

10-Q 

08/03/01 

10.02 

10.42 

Macromedia, Inc. 1992 Equity Incentive Plan 

10-Q 

08/03/01 

10.01 

10.43 

Macromedia, Inc. 2002 Equity Incentive Plan 

S-8 

08/10/05 

4.08 

10.44 

Form of Macromedia, Inc. Stock Option Agreement 

S-8 

08/10/05 

4.09 

10.45 

Middlesoft, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan 

S-8 

08/17/00 

4.09 

10.46 

Form of Macromedia, Inc. Revised Non-Plan Stock Option Agreement 

S-8 

11/23/04 

4.10 

10.47 

Form of Macromedia, Inc. Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement 

10-Q 

2/8/05 

10.01 

10.48 

Adobe Systems Incorporated 2006 Performance Share Program pursuant to the 2003 Equity Incentive Plan 

8-K 

2/3/06 

10.1 

130 

10.49 

Adobe Systems Incorporated 2006 Performance Share Program pursuant to the Amended 1994 Performance and Restricted Stock Plan 

8-K 

2/3/06 

10.2 

10.50 

Form of Maximum Award Grant Notice used in connection with grants under the Adobe Systems Incorporated 2006 Performance Share Program pursuant to the 2003 Equity Incentive Plan 

8-K 

2/3/06 

10.3 

10.51 

Form of Performance Share Maximum Award Agreement used in connection with grants under the Adobe Systems Incorporated 2006 Performance Share Program pursuant to the 2003 Equity Incentive Plan 

8-K 

2/3/06 

10.4 

10.52 

Adobe Systems Incorporated Deferred Compensation Plan 

X 

10.53 

Form of Maximum Award Grant Notice used in connection with grants under the Adobe Systems Incorporated 2006 Performance Share Program pursuant to the Amended 1994 Performance and Restricted Stock Plan 

8-K 

2/3/06 

10.5 

10.54 

Form of Performance Share Maximum Award Agreement used in connection with grants under the Adobe Systems Incorporated 2006 Performance Share Program pursuant to the Amended 1994 Performance and Restricted Stock Plan 

8-K 

2/3/06 

10.6 

10.55 

Adobe Systems Incorporated 2007 Performance Share Program pursuant to the 2003 Equity Incentive Plan 

8-K 

1/30/07 

10.1 

10.56 

Form of Award Grant Notice and Performance Share Award Agreement used in connection with grants under the Adobe Systems Incorporated 2007 Performance Share Program pursuant to the 2003 Equity Incentive Plan 

8-K 

1/30/07 

10.2 

10.57 

Adobe Systems Incorporated 2007 Performance Share Program pursuant to the Amended 1994 Performance and Restricted Stock Plan 

8-K 

1/30/07 

10.3 

131 

10.58 

Form of Form of Award Grant Notice and Performance Share Award Agreement used in connection with grants under the Adobe Stems Incorporated 2007 Performance Share Program pursuant to the Amended 1994 Performance and Restricted Stock Plan 

8-K 

1/30/07 

10.4 

10.59 

Adobe Systems Incorporated Executive Cash Bonus Plan 

DEF 14A 

2/24/06 

Appendix B 

10.60 

Employment offer letter between Adobe Systems Incorporated and Randy Furr, dated May 16, 2006 

8-K 

5/22/06 

10.1 

10.61 

Adobe Systems Incorporated Executive Severance Plan in the Event of a Change of Control 

8-K 

11/16/06 

10.2 

10.62 

Employment offer letter between Adobe Systems Incorporated and Richard Rowley, dated October 30, 2006 

8-K 

11/16/06 

10.1 

10.63 

Employment offer letter between Adobe Systems Incorporated and Mark Garrett dated January 5, 2007 

8-K 

1/26/07 

10.1 

10.64 

Credit Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2007, among Adobe Systems Incorporated and Certain Subsidiaries as Borrowers; BNP Paribas, Keybank National Association, and UBS Loan Finance LLC as Co-Documentation Agents; JPMorgan Chase Bank,
N.A. as Syndication Agent; Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent and Swing Line Lender; the Other Lenders Party Thereto; and Banc of America Securities LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book
Managers. 

8-K 

8/16/07 

10.1 

10.65 

Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2007, among Adobe Systems Incorporated, as Borrower; each Lender from time to time party to the Credit Agreement; and Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent. 

8-K 

8/16/07 

10.2 

21 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

X 

23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, KPMG LLP 

X 

132 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer, as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

X 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer, as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

X 

32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer, as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

X 

32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer, as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

X 

100.INS 

XBRL Instance 

X 

100.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

X 

100.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension 

X 

100.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 

X 

100.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension 

X 

Compensatory
plan or arrangement
 References
to Exhibits 10.17 and 10.18 are to filings made by the Allaire Corporation. References to Exhibits 10.29 through 10.47 are to filings made by
Macromedia, Inc.
 The
certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are not deemed filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Adobe Systems Incorporated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, whether made before or after the date of this Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.
 Furnished,
not filed. 
 133 

10-K
 2
 a2181848z10-k.pdf
 10-K UNOFFICIAL PDF

<EX-10.5>
 3
 a2181848zex-10_5.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.5

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 10.5 

ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED 1997 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN (as amended by the Board through November 9, 2007) 

 1. Purpose and Term of Plan . 

 1.1 Purpose. The purpose of the Adobe Systems Incorporated 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the
"Plan") is to provide Eligible Employees of the Participating Company Group with an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company through the purchase of Stock. The Company intends that
the Plan qualify as an "employee stock purchase plan" under Section 423 of the Code (including any amendments or replacements of such section), and the Plan shall be so construed. 

 1.2 Term of Plan. The Plan shall continue in effect until the earlier of its termination by the
Board or the date on which all of the shares of Stock available for issuance under the Plan have been issued. 

 2. Definitions and Construction . 

 2.1 Definitions. Any term not expressly defined in the Plan but defined for purposes of
Section 423 of the Code shall have the same definition herein. Whenever used herein, the following terms shall have their respective meanings set forth below: 

 (a) " Board " means the Board of Directors of the Company. If one or more Committees have been appointed by the
Board to administer the Plan, "Board" also means such Committee(s). 

 (b) " Code " means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any applicable regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

 (c) " Committee " means a committee of the Board duly appointed to administer the Plan and having such powers as
shall be specified by the Board. Unless the powers of the Committee have been specifically limited, the Committee shall have all of the powers of the Board granted herein, including, without
limitation, the power to amend or terminate the Plan at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable limitations imposed by law. 

 (d) " Company " means Adobe Systems Incorporated, a Delaware corporation, or any successor corporation thereto. 

 (e) " Compensation " means, with respect to any Offering Period, base wages or salary, overtime, bonuses,
commissions, shift differentials, payments for paid time off, payments in lieu of notice, and compensation deferred under any program or plan, including, without limitation, pursuant to
Section 401(k) or Section 125 of the Code. Compensation shall be limited to amounts actually payable in cash or deferred during the Offering Period. 

 Compensation
shall not include moving allowances, payments pursuant to a severance agreement, termination pay, relocation payments, sign-on bonuses, any
amounts directly or indirectly paid pursuant to the Plan or any other stock purchase or stock option plan, or any other compensation not included above. 

 (f) " Eligible Employee " means an Employee who meets the requirements set forth in Section 5 for
eligibility to participate in the Plan. 

 (g) " Employee " means a person treated as an employee of a Participating Company for purposes of
Section 423 of the Code. A Participant shall be deemed to have ceased to be an Employee either upon an actual termination of employment or upon the corporation employing the Participant ceasing
to be a Participating Company. For purposes of the Plan, an individual shall not be deemed to have ceased to be an Employee while such individual is on a bona fide leave of absence approved by the
Company of ninety (90) days or less. In the event an individual's leave of absence 

exceeds
ninety (90) days, the individual shall be deemed to have ceased to be an Employee on the ninety-first (91st) day of such leave unless the individual's right to reemployment with the
Participating Company Group is guaranteed either by statute or by contract. The Company shall determine in good faith and in the exercise of its discretion whether an individual has become or has
ceased to be an Employee and the effective date of such individual's employment or termination of employment, as the case may be. All such determinations by the Company shall be, for purposes of an
individual's participation in or other rights under the Plan as of the time of the Company's determination, final, binding and conclusive, notwithstanding that the Company or any governmental agency
subsequently makes a contrary determination. 

 (h) " Fair Market Value " means, as of any date, if there is then a public market for the Stock, the closing
sale price of a share of Stock (or the mean of the closing bid and asked prices if the Stock is so quoted instead) as quoted on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Small-Cap Market
or such other national or regional securities exchange or market system constituting the primary market for the Stock, as reported in The Wall Street
Journal or such other source as the Company deems reliable. If the relevant date does not fall on a day on which the Stock has traded on such securities exchange or market
system, the date on which the Fair Market Value shall be established shall be the last day on which the Stock was so traded prior to the relevant date, or such other appropriate day as shall be
determined by the Board, in its sole discretion. If there is then no public market for the Stock, the Fair Market Value on any relevant date shall be as determined by the Board without regard to any
restriction other than a restriction which, by its terms, will never lapse. 

 (i) " Offering " means an offering of Stock as provided in Section 6. 

 (j) " Offering Date " means, for any Offering Period, the first day of such Offering Period. 

 (k) " Offering Period " means a period established in accordance with Section 6.1. 

 (l) " Parent Corporation " means any present or future "parent corporation" of the Company, as defined in
Section 424(e) of the Code. 

 (m) " Participant " means an Eligible Employee who has become a participant in an Offering Period in accordance
with Section 7 and remains a participant in accordance with the Plan. 

 (n) " Participating Company " means the Company or any Parent Corporation or Subsidiary Corporation designated
by the Board as a corporation the Employees of which may, if Eligible Employees, participate in the Plan. The Board shall have the sole and absolute discretion to determine from time to time which
Parent Corporations or Subsidiary Corporations shall be Participating Companies. 

 (o) " Participating Company Group " means, at any point in time, the Company and all other corporations
collectively which are then Participating Companies. 

 (p) " Purchase Date " means, for any Purchase Period, the last day of such period. 

 (q) " Purchase Period " means a period established in accordance with Section 6.2. 

 (r) " Purchase Price " means the price at which a share of Stock may be purchased under the Plan, as determined
in accordance with Section 9. 

 (s) " Purchase Right " means an option granted to a Participant pursuant to the Plan to purchase such shares of
Stock as provided in Section 8, which the Participant may or may not exercise during the Offering Period in which such option is outstanding. Such option arises from the right of a Participant
to withdraw any accumulated payroll deductions of the Participant not previously applied to the purchase of Stock under the Plan and to terminate participation in the Plan at any time during an
Offering Period. 

 2 

(t) " Stock " means the common stock of the Company, as adjusted from time to time in accordance with
Section 4.2. 

 (u) " Subscription Agreement " means a written agreement in such form as specified by the Company, stating an
Employee's election to participate in the Plan and authorizing payroll deductions under the Plan from the Employee's Compensation. 

 (v) " Subscription Date " means the last business day prior to the Offering Date of an Offering Period or such
earlier date as the Company shall establish. 

 (w) " Subsidiary Corporation " means any present or future "subsidiary corporation" of the Company, as defined
in Section 424(f) of the Code. 

 2.2 Construction. Captions and titles contained herein are for convenience only and shall not
affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of the Plan. Except when otherwise indicated by the context, the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular. Use
of the term "or" is not intended to be exclusive, unless the context clearly requires otherwise. 

 3. Administration . 

 3.1 Administration by the Board. The Plan shall be administered by the Board, including any duly
appointed Committee of the Board. All questions of interpretation of the Plan, of any form of agreement or other document employed by the Company in the administration of the Plan, or of any Purchase
Right shall be determined by the Board and shall be final and binding upon all persons having an interest in the Plan or the Purchase Right. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board shall
determine all of the relevant terms and conditions of Purchase Rights granted pursuant to the Plan; provided, however, that all Participants granted Purchase Rights pursuant to the Plan shall have the
same rights and privileges within the meaning of Section 423(b)(5) of the Code to the extent required by applicable law. All expenses incurred in connection with the administration of the Plan
shall be paid by the Company. 

 3.2 Authority of Officers. Any officer of the Company shall have the authority to act on behalf
of the Company with respect to any matter, right, obligation, determination or election that is the responsibility of or that is allocated to the Company herein, provided that the officer has apparent
authority with respect to such matter, right, obligation, determination or election. 

 3.3 Policies and Procedures Established by the Company. The Company may, from time to time,
consistent with the Plan and the requirements of Section 423 of the Code, establish, change or terminate such rules, guidelines, policies, procedures, limitations, or adjustments as deemed
advisable by the Company, in its sole discretion, for the proper administration of the Plan, including, without limitation, (a) a minimum payroll deduction amount required for participation in
an Offering, (b) a limitation on the frequency or number of changes permitted in the rate of payroll deduction during an Offering, (c) an exchange ratio applicable to amounts withheld in
a currency other than United States dollars, (d) a payroll deduction greater than or less than the amount designated by a Participant in order to adjust for the Company's delay or mistake in
processing a Subscription Agreement or in otherwise effecting a Participant's election under the Plan or as advisable to comply with the requirements of Section 423 of the Code, and
(e) determination of the date and manner by which the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock is determined for purposes of administration of the Plan. 

4. Shares Subject to Plan . 

 4.1 Maximum Number of Shares Issuable. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4.2,
and effective upon approval by the stockholders of the Company, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Stock that may be issued under the Plan shall be seventy-six million (76,000,000)
and shall consist of authorized but unissued or reacquired shares of Stock, or any combination thereof. If an outstanding Purchase Right for any reason expires or is terminated or canceled, the shares
of 

 3 

Stock
allocable to the unexercised portion of such Purchase Right shall again be available for issuance under the Plan. 

 4.2 Adjustments for Changes in Capital Structure. In the event of any stock dividend, stock
split, reverse stock split, recapitalization, combination, reclassification or similar change in the capital structure of the Company, or in the event of any merger (including a merger effected for
the purpose of changing the Company's domicile), sale of assets or other reorganization in which the Company is a party, appropriate adjustments shall be made in the number and class of shares subject
to the Plan and each Purchase Right and in the Purchase Price. If a majority of the shares which are of the same class as the shares that are subject to outstanding Purchase Rights are exchanged for,
converted into, or otherwise become (whether or not pursuant to an Ownership Change Event) shares of another corporation (the " New Shares "), the Board
may unilaterally amend the outstanding Purchase Rights to provide that such Purchase Rights are exercisable for New Shares. In the event of any such amendment, the number of shares subject to, and the
Purchase Price of, the outstanding Purchase Rights shall be adjusted in a fair and equitable manner, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any fractional
share resulting from an adjustment pursuant to this Section 4.2 shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number, and in no event may the Purchase Price be decreased to an amount less than the
par value, if any, of the stock subject to the Purchase Right. The adjustments determined by the Board pursuant to this Section 4.2 shall be final, binding and conclusive. 

 5. Eligibility . 

 5.1 Employees Eligible to Participate. Each Employee of a Participating Company is eligible to
participate in the Plan and shall be deemed an Eligible Employee, except the following: 

 (a) Any
Employee who is customarily employed by the Participating Company Group for less than twenty (20) hours per week; or 

 (b) Any
Employee who is customarily employed by the Participating Company Group for not more than five (5) months in any calendar year. 

 5.2 Exclusion of Certain Stockholders. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary,
no Employee shall be granted a Purchase Right under the Plan if, immediately after such grant, such Employee would own or hold options to purchase stock of the Company or of any Parent Corporation
or Subsidiary Corporation possessing five percent (5 or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of such corporation, as determined in accordance with
Section 423(b)(3) of the Code. For purposes of this Section 5.2, the attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the Code shall apply in determining the stock ownership of such
Employee. 

 6. Offerings . 

 6.1 Offering Periods. Except as otherwise set forth below, the Plan shall be implemented by
Offerings of approximately twenty-four (24) months duration or such other duration as the Board shall determine. Offering Periods shall commence on or about January 1 and
July 1 of each year and end on or about the second December 31 and June 30, respectively, occurring thereafter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may establish a different
duration for one or more future Offering Periods or different commencing or ending dates for such Offering Periods; provided, however, that no Offering Period may have a duration exceeding
twenty-seven (27) months. If the first or last day of an Offering Period is not a day on which the national securities exchanges or Nasdaq Global Select Market are open for trading, the Company
shall specify the trading day that will be deemed the first or last day, as the case may be, of the Offering Period. 

 6.2 Purchase Periods. Each Offering Period shall consist of four (4) consecutive Purchase
Periods of approximately six (6) months duration, or such other number or duration as the Board shall determine. A Purchase Period commencing on or about January 1 shall end on or about 

 4 

the
next June 30. A Purchase Period commencing on or about July 1 shall end on or about the next December 31. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may establish a different
duration for one or more future Purchase Periods or different commencing or ending dates for such Purchase Periods. If the first or last day of a Purchase Period is not a day on which the national
securities exchanges or Nasdaq Global Select Market are open for trading, the Company shall specify the trading day that will be deemed the first or last day, as the case may be, of the Purchase
Period. 

 7. Participation in the Plan . 

 7.1 Initial Participation. An Eligible Employee may become a Participant in an Offering Period by
delivering a properly completed Subscription Agreement to the office designated by the Company not later than the close of business for such office on the Subscription Date established by the Company
for such Offering Period. An Eligible Employee who does not deliver a properly completed Subscription Agreement to the Company's designated office on or before the Subscription Date for an Offering
Period shall not participate in the Plan for that Offering Period or for any subsequent Offering Period unless such Eligible Employee subsequently delivers a properly completed Subscription Agreement
to the appropriate office of the Company on or before the Subscription Date for such subsequent Offering Period. An Employee who becomes an Eligible Employee on or after the Offering Date of an
Offering Period shall not be eligible to participate in such Offering Period but may participate in any subsequent Offering Period provided such Employee is still an Eligible Employee as of the
Offering Date of such subsequent Offering Period. 

 7.2 Continued Participation. A Participant shall automatically participate in the next Offering
Period commencing immediately after the final Purchase Date of each Offering Period in which the Participant participates provided that such Participant remains an Eligible Employee on the Offering
Date of the new Offering Period and has not either (a) withdrawn from the Plan pursuant to Section 12.1 or (b) terminated employment as provided in Section 13. A
Participant who may automatically participate in a subsequent Offering Period, as provided in this Section 7.2, is not required to deliver any additional Subscription Agreement for the
subsequent Offering Period in order to continue participation in the Plan. However, a Participant may deliver a new Subscription Agreement for a subsequent Offering Period in accordance with the
procedures set forth in Section 7.1 if the Participant desires to change any of the elections contained in the Participant's then effective Subscription Agreement. Eligible Employees may not
participate simultaneously in more than one Offering. 

 8. Right to Purchase Shares . 

 8.1 Grant of Purchase Right. Except as set forth below, on the Offering Date of each Offering
Period, each Participant in such Offering Period shall be granted automatically a Purchase Right consisting of an option to purchase five thousand (5,000) shares of Stock. No Purchase Right shall be
granted on an Offering Date to any person who is not, on such Offering Date, an Eligible Employee. 

 8.2 Pro Rata Adjustment of Purchase Right. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8.1,
and except as otherwise provided in Section 14.2, if the Board establishes an Offering Period of less than twenty-three and one-half (23 1/2) months or more than
twenty-four and one-half (24 1 / 2 months in duration, the number of whole shares of Stock subject to a Purchase Right shall be determined by multiplying 208.33
shares by the number of months (rounded to the nearest whole month) in the Offering Period and disregarding any resulting fractional share. 

 5 

8.3 Calendar Year Purchase
Limitation. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary,
no Purchase Right shall entitle a Participant to purchase shares of Stock under the Plan at a rate which, when aggregated with such Participant's rights to purchase shares under all other employee
stock purchase plans of a Participating Company intended to meet the requirements of Section 423 of the Code, exceeds Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars 25,000) in Fair Market Value (or
such other limit, if any, as may be imposed by the Code) for each calendar year in which such Purchase Right has been outstanding at any time. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the Fair Market
Value of shares purchased during a given Offering Period shall be determined as of the Offering Date for such Offering Period. The limitation described in this Section 8.3 shall be applied in
conformance with applicable regulations under Section 423(b)(8) of the Code. 

 9. Purchase Price . The Purchase Price at which each share of Stock may be acquired
in an Offering Period upon the exercise of all or any portion of a Purchase Right shall be established by the Board; provided, however, that the Purchase Price shall not be less than
eighty-five percent (85 of the lesser of (a) the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the Offering Date of the Offering Period or (b) the Fair Market Value of a share
of Stock on the Purchase Date. Unless otherwise provided by the Board prior to the commencement of an Offering Period, the Purchase Price for that Offering Period shall be eighty-five
percent (85 of the lesser of (a) the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the Offering Date of the Offering Period, or (b) the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the Purchase
Date. 

 10. Accumulation of Purchase Price through Payroll Deduction . Shares of Stock
acquired pursuant to the exercise of all or any portion of a Purchase Right may be paid for only by means of payroll deductions from the Participant's Compensation accumulated during the Offering
Period for which such Purchase Right was granted, subject to the following: 

 10.1 Amount of Payroll Deductions. Except as otherwise provided herein, the amount to be deducted
under the Plan from a Participant's Compensation on each payday during an Offering Period shall be determined by the Participant's Subscription Agreement. The Subscription Agreement shall set forth
the percentage of the Participant's Compensation to be deducted on each payday during an Offering Period in whole percentages of not less than one percent (1 (except as a result of an election
pursuant to Section 10.3 to stop payroll deductions made effective following the first payday during an Offering) or more than twenty-five percent (25 ). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Board may change the limits on payroll deductions effective as of any future Offering Date. 

 10.2 Commencement of Payroll Deductions. Payroll deductions shall commence on the first payday
following the Offering Date and shall continue to the end of the Offering Period unless sooner altered or terminated as provided herein. 

 10.3 Election to Change or Stop Payroll Deductions. Subject to any limitations imposed by the
Board prior to the commencement of an Offering Period, during an Offering Period, a Participant may elect to increase or decrease the rate of or to stop deductions from his or her Compensation by
delivering to the Company's designated office an amended Subscription Agreement authorizing such change on or before the "Change Notice Date." The " Change Notice
Date " shall be a date prior to the beginning of the first pay period for which such election is to be effective as established by the Company from time to time and announced to
the Participants. A Participant who elects to decrease the rate of his or her payroll deductions to zero percent (0 shall nevertheless remain a Participant in the current Offering Period unless such
Participant withdraws from the Plan as provided in Section 12.1. Until otherwise provided by the Board, for all Offering Periods that commence on or after January 1, 2008, a Participant
may only elect to decrease the rate of, or to stop, deductions from his or her Compensation during any on-going Offering Period, and may only increase his or her rate of deductions as to
future Offering Periods, 

 6 

10.4 Participant Accounts. Individual bookkeeping accounts shall be maintained for each
Participant. All payroll deductions from a Participant's Compensation shall be credited to such Participant's Plan account and shall be deposited with the general funds of the Company. All payroll
deductions received or held by the Company may be used by the Company for any corporate purpose. 

 10.5 No Interest Paid. Interest shall not be paid on sums deducted from a Participant's
Compensation pursuant to the Plan. 

 11. Purchase of Shares . 

 11.1 Exercise of Purchase Right. On each Purchase Date of an Offering Period, each Participant
who has not withdrawn from the Plan and whose participation in the Offering has not terminated before such Purchase Date shall automatically acquire pursuant to the exercise of the Participant's
Purchase Right the number of whole shares of Stock determined by dividing (a) the total amount of the Participant's payroll deductions accumulated in the Participant's Plan account during the
Offering Period and not previously applied toward the purchase of Stock by (b) the Purchase Price. However, in no event shall the number of shares purchased by the Participant during an
Offering Period exceed the number of shares subject to the Participant's Purchase Right. No shares of Stock shall be purchased on a Purchase Date on behalf of a Participant whose participation in the
Offering or the Plan has terminated before such Purchase Date. 

 11.2 Pro Rata Allocation of Shares. In the event that the number of shares of Stock which might
be purchased by all Participants in the Plan on a Purchase Date exceeds the number of shares of Stock
available in the Plan as provided in Section 4.1, the Company shall make a pro rata allocation of the remaining shares in as uniform a manner as shall be practicable and as the Company shall
determine to be equitable. Any fractional share resulting from such pro rata allocation to any Participant shall be disregarded. 

 11.3 Delivery of Certificates. As soon as practicable after each Purchase Date, the Company shall
arrange the delivery to each Participant, as appropriate, of a certificate representing the shares acquired by the Participant on such Purchase Date; provided that the Company may deliver such shares
to a broker that holds such shares in street name for the benefit of the Participant. Shares to be delivered to a Participant under the Plan shall be registered in the name of the Participant, or, if
requested by the Participant, in the name of the Participant and his or her spouse, or, if applicable, in the names of the heirs of the Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent
permitted by applicable law and the Company's governing documents, the Company may refrain from issuing paper certificates and may instead cause the issuance of the shares to the Participant under
this Plan to be recorded electronically on the books of the Company, the applicable transfer agent and/or broker, as applicable. 

 11.4 Return of Cash Balance. Any cash balance remaining in a Participant's Plan account following
any Purchase Date shall be refunded to the Participant as soon as practicable after such Purchase Date. However, if the cash to be returned to a Participant pursuant to the preceding sentence is an
amount less than the amount that would have been necessary to purchase an additional whole share of Stock on such Purchase Date, the Company may retain such amount in the Participant's Plan account to
be applied toward the purchase of shares of Stock in the subsequent Purchase Period or Offering Period, as the case may be. 

 11.5 Tax and Withholding. At the time a Participant's Purchase Right is exercised, in whole or in
part, or at the time a Participant disposes of some or all of the shares of Stock he or she acquires under the Plan, the Participant shall make adequate provision for the foreign, federal, state and
local tax and withholding obligations of the Participating Company Group, if any, which arise upon exercise of the Purchase Right or upon such disposition of shares, respectively. For the avoidance of
doubt, any tax arising from the exercise of the Purchase Right or upon the disposition of shares, whether initially payable by the Participant or the Participating Company Group (each a "Stock Tax"), 

 7 

shall
be paid by the Participant. Without limitation to the foregoing, any Indian Fringe Benefit Tax due as a result of a Participant exercising a Purchase Right shall be deemed a Stock Tax. The
Participating Company Group may, but shall not be obligated to, withhold from the Participant's compensation the amount necessary to satisfy any Stock Tax and/or withholding obligations. If the
Participant's compensation is not sufficient to meet the Stock Tax and/or withholding obligation, the Participating Group Company shall be under no obligation to deliver the Shares until the
Participant has made adequate provisions for payment of the Stock Tax and/or withholding obligations. 

 11.6 Expiration of Purchase Right. Any portion of a Participant's Purchase Right remaining
unexercised after the end of the Offering Period to which the Purchase Right relates shall expire immediately upon the end of the Offering Period. 

 11.7 Reports to Participants. Each Participant who has exercised all or part of his or her
Purchase Right shall receive, as soon as practicable after the Purchase Date, a report of such Participant's Plan account setting forth the total payroll deductions accumulated prior to such exercise,
the number of shares of Stock purchased, the Purchase Price for such shares, the date of purchase and the cash balance, if any, remaining immediately after such purchase that is to be refunded or
retained in the Participant's Plan account pursuant to Section 11.4. The report required by this Section may be delivered in such form and by such means, including by electronic transmission,
as the Company may determine. 

 12. Withdrawal from Offering or Plan . 

 12.1 Voluntary Withdrawal from the Plan. A Participant may withdraw from the Plan by signing and
delivering to the Company's designated office a written notice of withdrawal on a form provided by the Company for such purpose. Such withdrawal may be elected at any time prior to the end of an
Offering Period; provided, however, if a Participant withdraws from the Plan after the Purchase Date of a Purchase Period, the withdrawal shall not affect shares of Stock acquired by the Participant
on such Purchase Date. A Participant who voluntarily withdraws from the Plan is prohibited from resuming participation in the Plan in the same Offering from which he or she withdrew, but may
participate in any subsequent Offering by again satisfying the requirements of Sections 5 and 7.1. The Company may impose, from time to time, a requirement that the notice of withdrawal from the Plan
be on file with the Company's designated office for a reasonable period prior to the effectiveness of the Participant's withdrawal. 

 12.2 Automatic Withdrawal From an Offering. If the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on a
Purchase Date other than the final Purchase Date of an Offering is less than the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the Offering Date of the Offering, then every Participant automatically shall
be (a) withdrawn from such Offering at the close of such Purchase Date and after the acquisition of shares of Stock for the Purchase Period and (b) enrolled in the Offering commencing on
the first business day subsequent to such Purchase Date. 

 12.3 Return of Payroll Deductions. Upon a Participant's voluntary withdrawal from the Plan
pursuant to Sections 12.1 or automatic withdrawal from an Offering pursuant to Section 12.2, the Participant's accumulated payroll deductions which have not been applied toward the purchase of
shares of Stock (except, in the case of an automatic withdrawal pursuant to Section 12.2, for an amount necessary to purchase an additional whole share as provided in Section 11.4) shall
be returned as soon as practicable after the withdrawal, without the payment of any interest, to the Participant, and the Participant's interest in the Plan or the Offering, as applicable, shall
terminate. Such accumulated payroll deductions may not be applied to any other Offering under the Plan. 

 13. Termination of Employment or Eligibility . Upon a Participant's ceasing, prior
to a Purchase Date, to be an Employee of the Participating Company Group for any reason, including retirement, disability or death, or the failure of a Participant to remain an Eligible Employee, the
Participant's participation in the Plan shall terminate immediately. In such event, the payroll deductions credited to 

 8 

the
Participant's Plan account since the last Purchase Date shall, as soon as practicable, be returned to the Participant or, in the case of the Participant's death, to the Participant's legal
representative, and all of the Participant's rights under the Plan shall terminate. Interest shall not be paid on sums returned pursuant to this Section 13. A Participant whose participation
has been so terminated may again become eligible to participate in the Plan by again satisfying the requirements of Sections 5 and 7.1. 

 14. Transfer of Control . 

 14.1 Definitions. 

 (a) An
" Ownership Change Event " shall be deemed to have occurred if any of the following occurs with respect
to the Company: (i) the direct or indirect sale or exchange in a single or series of related transactions by the stockholders of the Company of more than fifty percent (50 of the voting stock
of the Company; (ii) a merger or consolidation in which the Company is a party; (iii) the sale, exchange, or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company; or
(iv) a liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 

 (b) A
" Transfer of Control " shall mean an Ownership Change Event or a series of related Ownership Change
Events (collectively, the " Transaction ") wherein the stockholders of the Company immediately before the Transaction do not retain immediately after the
Transaction, in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company's voting stock immediately before the Transaction, direct or indirect beneficial ownership of more than
fifty percent (50 of the total combined voting power of the outstanding voting stock of the Company or the corporation or corporations to which the assets of the Company were transferred (the
" Transferee Corporation(s) "), as the case may be. For purposes of the preceding sentence, indirect beneficial ownership shall include, without
limitation, an interest resulting from ownership of the voting stock of one or more corporations which, as a result of the Transaction, own the Company or the Transferee Corporation(s), as the case
may be, either directly or through one or more subsidiary corporations. The Board shall have the right to determine whether multiple sales or exchanges of the voting stock of the Company or multiple
Ownership Change Events are related, and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 

 14.2 Effect of Transfer of Control on Purchase Rights. In the event of a Transfer of Control, the
surviving, continuing, successor, or purchasing corporation or parent corporation thereof, as the case may be (the "Acquiring Corporation" ), shall
assume the Company's rights and obligations under the Plan. If the Acquiring Corporation elects not to assume the Company's rights and obligations under outstanding Purchase Rights, the Purchase Date
of the then current Purchase Period shall be accelerated to a date
before the date of the Transfer of Control specified by the Board, but the number of shares of Stock subject to outstanding Purchase Rights shall not be adjusted. All Purchase Rights which are neither
assumed by the Acquiring Corporation in connection with the Transfer of Control nor exercised as of the date of the Transfer of Control shall terminate and cease to be outstanding effective as of the
date of the Transfer of Control. 

 15. Nontransferability of Purchase Rights . A Purchase Right may not be transferred
in any manner otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant. 

 16. Restriction on Issuance of Shares . The issuance of shares under the Plan shall
be subject to compliance with all applicable requirements of foreign, federal or state law with respect to such securities. A Purchase Right may not be exercised if the issuance of shares upon such
exercise would constitute a violation of any applicable foreign, federal or state securities laws or other law or regulations or the requirements of any securities exchange or market system upon which
the Stock may then be listed. In addition, no Purchase Right may be exercised unless (a) a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, shall at the time of exercise of
the Purchase Right be in 

 9 

effect
with respect to the shares issuable upon exercise of the Purchase Right, or (b) in the opinion of legal counsel to the Company, the shares issuable upon exercise of the Purchase Right
may be issued in accordance with the terms of an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of said Act. The inability of the Company to obtain from any regulatory body having
jurisdiction the authority, if any, deemed by the Company's legal counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any shares under the Plan shall relieve the Company of any liability in
respect of the failure to issue or sell such shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained. As a condition to the exercise of a Purchase Right, the Company may require the
Participant to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate, to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation, and to make any representation or warranty with respect
thereto as may be requested by the Company. 

 17. Rights as a Stockholder and Employee . A Participant shall have no rights as a
stockholder by virtue of the Participant's participation in the Plan until the date of the issuance of a certificate for the shares purchased pursuant to the exercise of the Participant's Purchase
Right (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). No adjustment shall be made for dividends, distributions or other
rights for which the record date is prior to the date such certificate is issued, except as provided in Section 4.2. Nothing herein creates an employment relationship between the Participant
and any member of the Participating Group Company where such relationship does not otherwise exist, nor shall anything herein confer upon a Participant any right to continue in the employ of the
Participating Company Group or interfere in any way with any right of the Participating Company Group to terminate the Participant's employment at any time. 

18. Legends . The Company may at any time place legends or other identifying symbols
referencing any applicable foreign, federal or state securities law restrictions or any provision convenient in the
administration of the Plan on some or all of the certificates representing shares of Stock issued under the Plan. The Participant shall, at the request of the Company, promptly present to the Company
any and all certificates representing shares acquired pursuant to a Purchase Right in the possession of the Participant in order to carry out the provisions of this Section. Unless otherwise specified
by the Company, legends placed on such certificates may include but shall not be limited to the following: 

"THE
SHARES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE WERE ISSUED BY THE CORPORATION TO THE REGISTERED HOLDER UPON THE PURCHASE OF SHARES UNDER AN EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 423 OF THE
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED. THE TRANSFER AGENT FOR THE SHARES EVIDENCED HEREBY SHALL NOTIFY THE CORPORATION IMMEDIATELY OF ANY TRANSFER OF THE SHARES BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER HEREOF.
THE REGISTERED HOLDER SHALL HOLD ALL SHARES PURCHASED UNDER THE PLAN IN THE REGISTERED HOLDER'S NAME (AND NOT IN THE NAME OF ANY NOMINEE)." 

19. Notification of Sale of Shares . The Company may require the Participant to give
the Company prompt notice of any disposition of shares acquired by exercise of a Purchase Right within two years from the date of granting such Purchase Right or one year from the date of exercise of
such Purchase Right. The Company may require that until such time as a Participant disposes of shares acquired upon exercise of a Purchase Right, the Participant shall hold all such shares in the
Participant's name (or, if elected by the Participant, in the name of the Participant and his or her spouse but not in the name of any nominee) until the lapse of the time periods with respect to such
Purchase Right referred to in the preceding sentence. The Company may direct that the certificates evidencing shares acquired by exercise of a Purchase Right refer to such requirement to give prompt
notice of disposition. 

 10 

20. Notices . All notices or other communications by a Participant to the Company
under or in connection with the Plan shall be deemed to have been duly given when received in the form specified by the Company at the location, or by the person, designated by the Company for the
receipt thereof. 

 21. Indemnification . In addition to such other rights of indemnification as they
may have as members of the Board or officers or employees of the Participating Company Group, members of the Board and any officers or employees of the Participating Company Group to whom authority to
act for the Board or the Company is delegated shall be indemnified by the Company against all reasonable expenses, including attorneys' fees, actually and necessarily incurred in connection with the
defense of any action, suit or proceeding, or in connection with any appeal therein, to which they or any of them may be a party by reason of any action taken or failure to act under or in connection
with the Plan, or any right granted hereunder, and against all amounts paid by them in settlement thereof (provided such settlement is approved by independent legal counsel selected by the Company) or
paid by them in satisfaction of a judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding, except in relation to matters as to which it shall be adjudged in such action, suit or proceeding that such person is
liable for gross
negligence, bad faith or intentional misconduct in duties; provided, however, that within sixty (60) days after the institution of such action, suit or proceeding, such person shall offer to
the Company, in writing, the opportunity at its own expense to handle and defend the same. 

 22. Amendment or Termination of the Plan . The Board may at any time amend or
terminate the Plan, except that (a) such termination shall not affect Purchase Rights previously granted under the Plan, except as permitted under the Plan, and (b) no amendment may
adversely affect a Purchase Right previously granted under the Plan (except to the extent permitted by the Plan or as may be necessary to qualify the Plan as an employee stock purchase plan pursuant
to Section 423 of the Code or to obtain qualification or registration of the shares of Stock under applicable foreign, federal or state securities laws). In addition, an amendment to the Plan
must be approved by the stockholders of the Company within twelve (12) months of the adoption of such amendment if such amendment would authorize the sale of more shares than are authorized for
issuance under the Plan or would change the definition of the corporations that may be designated by the Board as Participating Companies. 

 23. Continuation of Plan Terms as to Outstanding Purchase Rights . Any other
provision of the Plan to the contrary notwithstanding, the terms of the Plan prior to amendment (other than the maximum aggregate number of shares of Stock issuable thereunder) shall remain in effect
and apply to all Purchase Rights granted pursuant to the Plan prior to amendment. 

 11 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 10.5 
 
 ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED 1997 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN (as amended by the Board through November 9, 2007) 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.52>
 4
 a2181848zex-10_52.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.52

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 10.52 

Adobe Systems Incorporated Deferred Compensation Plan 

Effective December 2, 2006 Amended and Restated Effective October 31, 2007 

Adobe Systems Incorporated Deferred Compensation Plan 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE 1 

Definitions 

1 

ARTICLE 2 

Selection, Enrollment, Eligibility 

6 

2.1 

Selection by Committee 

6 

2.2 
 
 Enrollment and Eligibility Requirements; Commencement of Participation 
 
 6 

2.3 
 
 Termination of a Participant's Eligibility 
 
 7 

ARTICLE 3 

Deferral Commitments/Company Contribution Amounts/Company Restoration Matching Amounts /Vesting/Crediting/Taxes 

7 

3.1 

Minimum Deferrals 

7 

3.2 
 
 Maximum Deferral 
 
 8 

3.3 
 
 Election to Defer; Effect of Election Form 
 
 8 

3.4 
 
 Withholding and Crediting of Annual Deferral Amounts 
 
 9 

3.5 
 
 Company Contribution Amount 
 
 9 

3.6 
 
 Company Restoration Matching Amount 
 
 10 

3.7 
 
 Crediting of Amounts after Benefit Distribution 
 
 10 

3.8 
 
 Vesting 
 
 10 

3.9 
 
 Crediting/Debiting of Account Balances 
 
 11 

3.10 
 
 FICA and Other Taxes 
 
 12 

ARTICLE 4 

Scheduled Distribution; Unforeseeable Financial Emergencies 

13 

4.1 

Scheduled Distribution 

13 

4.2 
 
 Postponing Scheduled Distributions 
 
 13 

4.3 
 
 Other Benefits Take Precedence Over Scheduled Distributions 
 
 13 

4.4 
 
 Withdrawal Payout/Suspensions for Unforeseeable Financial Emergencies 
 
 14 

ARTICLE 5 

Change in Control Benefit 

14 

5.1 

Change in Control Benefit 

14 

5.2 
 
 Payment of Change in Control Benefit 
 
 14 

ARTICLE 6 

Retirement Benefit 

15 

6.1 

Retirement Benefit 

15 

6.2 
 
 Payment of Retirement Benefit 
 
 15 

ARTICLE 7 

Termination Benefit 

15 

7.1 

Termination Benefit 

15 

7.2 
 
 Payment of Termination Benefit 
 
 15 

ARTICLE 8 

Disability Benefit 

15 

8.1 

Disability Benefit 

15 

8.2 
 
 Payment of Disability Benefit 
 
 16 

-1- 

ARTICLE 9 

Death Benefit 

16 

9.1 

Death Benefit 

16 

9.2 
 
 Payment of Death Benefit 
 
 16 

ARTICLE 10 

Beneficiary Designation 

16 

10.1 

Beneficiary 

16 

10.2 
 
 Beneficiary Designation; Change; Spousal Consent 
 
 16 

10.3 
 
 Acknowledgement 
 
 16 

10.4 
 
 No Beneficiary Designation 
 
 16 

10.5 
 
 Doubt as to Beneficiary 
 
 17 

10.6 
 
 Discharge of Obligations 
 
 17 

ARTICLE 11 

Leave of Absence 

17 

11.1 

Paid Leave of Absence 

17 

11.2 
 
 Unpaid Leave of Absence 
 
 17 

11.3 
 
 Leaves Resulting in Separation from Service 
 
 17 

ARTICLE 12 

Termination of Plan, Amendment or Modification 

17 

12.1 

Termination of Plan 

17 

12.2 
 
 Amendment 
 
 18 

12.3 
 
 Plan Agreement 
 
 18 

12.4 
 
 Effect of Payment 
 
 18 

ARTICLE 13 

Administration 

18 

13.1 

Committee Duties 

18 

13.2 
 
 Administration Upon Change in Control 
 
 19 

13.3 
 
 Agents 
 
 19 

13.4 
 
 Binding Effect of Decisions 
 
 19 

13.5 
 
 Indemnity of Committee 
 
 19 

13.6 
 
 Employer Information 
 
 19 

ARTICLE 14 

Other Benefits and Agreements 

20 

14.1 

Coordination with Other Benefits 

20 

ARTICLE 15 

Claims Procedures 

20 

15.1 

Presentation of Claim 

20 

15.2 
 
 Notification of Decision 
 
 20 

15.3 
 
 Review of a Denied Claim 
 
 20 

15.4 
 
 Decision on Review 
 
 21 

15.5 
 
 Arbitration/Interest on Unpaid Amounts/Controlling Law 
 
 21 

ARTICLE 16 

Trust 

22 

16.1 

Establishment of the Trust 

22 

16.2 
 
 Interrelationship of the Plan and the Trust 
 
 22 

16.3 
 
 Distributions From the Trust 
 
 22 

-2- 

ARTICLE 17 

Miscellaneous 

22 

17.1 

Status of Plan 

22 

17.2 
 
 Unsecured General Creditor 
 
 22 

17.3 
 
 Employer's Liability 
 
 22 

17.4 
 
 Nonassignability 
 
 22 

17.5 
 
 Not a Contract of Employment 
 
 23 

17.6 
 
 Furnishing Information 
 
 23 

17.7 
 
 Terms 
 
 23 

17.8 
 
 Captions 
 
 23 

17.9 
 
 Governing Law 
 
 23 

17.10 
 
 Notice 
 
 23 

17.11 
 
 Successors 
 
 23 

17.12 
 
 Spouse's Interest 
 
 23 

17.13 
 
 Validity 
 
 24 

17.14 
 
 Incompetent 
 
 24 

17.15 
 
 Court Order 
 
 24 

17.16 
 
 Distribution in the Event of Income Inclusion Under 409A 
 
 24 

17.17 
 
 Deduction Limitation on Benefit Payments 
 
 24 

17.18 
 
 Insurance 
 
 25 

-3- 

Adobe Systems Incorporated Deferred Compensation Plan Master Plan Document 

ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 

 Effective
December 2, 2006 
Amended and Restated Effective October 31, 2007 

Purpose 

 The purpose of this Plan is to provide specified benefits to Directors and a select group of management or highly compensated Employees who contribute materially
to the continued growth, development and future business success of Adobe Systems Incorporated, a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries, if any, that sponsor this Plan. This Plan shall be
unfunded for tax purposes and for purposes of Title I of ERISA. 

ARTICLE 1 Definitions 

 For the purposes of this Plan, unless otherwise clearly apparent from the context, the following phrases or terms shall have the following indicated meanings: 

1.1 "Account
Balance" shall mean, with respect to a Participant, an entry on the records of the Employer equal to the sum of the Participant's Annual Accounts. The Account Balance shall
be a bookkeeping entry only and shall be utilized solely as a device for the measurement and determination of the amounts to be paid to a Participant, or his or her designated Beneficiary, pursuant to
this Plan.
 1.2 "Annual
Account" shall mean, with respect to a Participant, an entry on the records of the Employer equal to the following amount: (i) the sum of the Participant's Annual
Deferral Amount, Company Contribution Amount and Company Restoration Matching Amount for any one Plan Year, plus (ii) amounts credited or debited to such amounts pursuant to this Plan, less
(iii) all distributions made to the Participant or his or her Beneficiary pursuant to this Plan that relate to the Annual Account for such Plan Year. The Annual Account shall be a bookkeeping
entry only and shall be utilized solely as a device for the measurement and determination of the amounts to be paid to a Participant, or his or her designated Beneficiary, pursuant to this Plan.
 1.3 "Annual
Deferral Amount" shall mean that portion of a Participant's Base Salary, Bonus, Commissions, Performance Shares, Restricted Stock Units, and Director Fees that a Participant
defers in accordance with Article 3 for any one Plan Year, without regard to whether such amounts are withheld and credited during such Plan Year. In the event of a Participant's Retirement,
Disability, death or Termination of Employment prior to the end of a Plan Year, such year's Annual Deferral Amount shall be the actual amount withheld prior to such event.
 1.4 "Annual
Installment Method" shall be an annual installment payment over the number of years selected by the Participant in accordance with this Plan, calculated as follows:
(i) for the first annual installment, the vested portion of each Annual Account shall be calculated as of the close of business on or around the Participant's Benefit Distribution Date, as
determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, and (ii) for remaining annual installments, the vested portion of each applicable Annual Account shall be calculated on every anniversary of
such calculation date, as applicable. Each annual installment shall be calculated by multiplying this balance by a fraction, the numerator of which is one and the denominator of which is the remaining
number of annual 
 -1- 

payments
due to the Participant. By way of example, if the Participant elects a ten year Annual Installment Method as the form of Retirement Benefit for an Annual Account, the first payment shall be
1/10 of the vested balance of such Annual Account, calculated as described in this definition. The following year, the payment shall be 1/9 of the vested balance of such Annual Account, calculated as
described in this definition. 

1.5 "Base
Salary" shall mean the annual cash compensation from an Employer relating to services performed during any calendar year. It shall be limited to base pay earned during any
calendar year and shall exclude: Commissions; distributions from nonqualified deferred compensation plans; bonuses; overtime; fringe benefits; stock options; employee stock purchase plan benefits;
lump sum cash payout of paid time off in the case of Participants incurring a separation from service on account of Termination of Employment, Retirement, Disability, or death; relocation expenses;
incentive payments; non-monetary awards; Director Fees and other fees; and automobile and other allowances paid to a Participant for employment services rendered (whether or not such
allowances are included in the Employee's gross income). Base Salary shall be calculated before reduction for compensation voluntarily deferred or contributed by the Participant and not otherwise
included in the Participant's income because of Code Sections 125, 402(e)(3), 402(h), or 403(b) pursuant to plans established by any Employer; provided, however, that all such amounts will be included
in compensation only to the extent that had there been no such plan, the amount would have been payable in cash to the Employee. Base Salary shall be reduced by Participant contributions under this
Plan.
 1.6 "Beneficiary"
shall mean one or more persons, trusts, estates or other entities, designated in accordance with Article 10, that are entitled to receive benefits under this Plan
upon the death of a Participant.
 1.7 "Beneficiary
Designation Form" shall mean the form established from time to time by the Committee that a Participant completes, signs and returns to the Committee to designate one or
more Beneficiaries.
 1.8 "Benefit
Distribution Date" shall mean a date that triggers distribution of a Participant's vested benefits. A Benefit Distribution Date for a Participant shall be determined upon the
occurrence of any one of the following:

(a) If
the Participant Retires, the Benefit Distribution Date for his or her vested Account Balance shall be (i) the last day of the six-month period immediately
following the date on which the Participant Retires if the Participant is a Key Employee, and (ii) for all other Participants, the date on which the Participant Retires; provided, however, in
the event the Participant changes the Retirement Benefit election for one or more Annual Accounts in accordance with Section 6.2(b), the Benefit Distribution Date for such Annual Account(s)
shall be postponed in accordance with such Section 6.2(b); or
 (b) If
the Participant experiences a Termination of Employment, the Benefit Distribution Date for his or her vested Account Balance shall be (i) the last day of the
six-month period immediately following the date on which the Participant experiences a Termination of Employment if the Participant is a Key Employee, and (ii) for all other
Participants, the date on which the Participant experiences a Termination of Employment; or
 (c) If
the Participant dies prior to the complete distribution of his or her vested Account Balance, the Participant's Benefit Distribution Date shall be the date on which the Committee
is provided with proof that is satisfactory to the Committee of the Participant's death; or
 (d) If
the Participant becomes Disabled, the Participant's Benefit Distribution Date shall be the date on which it is determined that the Participant has become Disabled; or
 (e) If
(i) a Change in Control occurs with respect to a Participant prior to the Participant's Termination of Employment, Retirement, death or Disability, and (ii) the
Participant has 
 
 -2- 

elected
to receive a Change in Control Benefit as set forth in Article 5, the Participant's Benefit Distribution Date shall be the date on which the Change in Control occurs, as determined by
the Committee in its sole discretion. 

1.9 "Board"
shall mean the board of directors of the Company.
 1.10 "Bonus"
shall mean any compensation, in addition to Base Salary and Commissions from an Employer, earned by a Participant for services rendered during an Employer's fiscal year or
such other period provided under any Employer's Annual Incentive Plan, Profit Sharing Plan, or any other cash incentive arrangement designated by the Committee, as further described on an Election
Form approved by the Committee in its sole discretion.
 1.11 "Change
in Control" shall mean any "change in control event" as defined in accordance with Treasury guidance and Regulations related to Code Section 409A. Effective
January 1, 2008, "Change in Control" shall not include a "change in control event" with respect to an entity other than the Company, nor shall it include any "change in the effective control of
a corporation" under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi)(A)(i) in which a person or group acquires less than fifty percent (50 of the voting power of the stock
of the Company.
 1.12 "Change
in Control Benefit" shall have the meaning set forth in Article 5.
 1.13 "Claimant"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15.1.
 1.14 "Code"
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as it may be amended from time to time.
 1.15 "Commissions"
shall mean the commissions otherwise payable to a Participant under an Employer sales incentive plan absent a deferral under this Plan.
 1.16 "Committee"
shall mean the committee described in Article 13.
 1.17 "Company"
shall mean Adobe Systems Incorporated, a Delaware corporation, and any successor to all or substantially all of the Company's assets or business.
 1.18 "Company
Contribution Amount" shall mean, for any one Plan Year, the amount determined in accordance with Section 3.5.
 1.19 "Company
Restoration Matching Amount" shall mean, for any one Plan Year, the amount determined in accordance with Section 3.6.
 1.20 "Death
Benefit" shall mean the benefit set forth in Article 9.
 1.21 "Director"
shall mean any member of the Board.
 1.22 "Director
Fees" shall mean the annual fees earned by a Director, including retainer fees and meeting fees, as compensation for serving on the Board.
 1.23 "Disability"
or "Disabled" shall mean that a Participant is (i) unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental
impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or (ii) by reason of any medically determinable
physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a
period of not less than 3 months under an accident or health plan covering employees of the Participant's Employer.
 1.24 "Disability
Benefit" shall mean the benefit set forth in Article 8.
 1.25 "Election
Form" shall mean the form, which may be in electronic format, established from time to time by the Committee that a Participant completes, signs and returns to the
Committee to make an election under the Plan.
 1.26 "Employee"
shall mean a person who is an employee of any Employer. 
 -3- 

1.27 "Employer(s)"
shall mean the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries (now in existence or hereafter formed or acquired) that have been selected by the Board to participate in the Plan
and have adopted the Plan as a sponsor.
 1.28 "ERISA"
shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as it may be amended from time to time.
 1.29 "First
Plan Year" shall mean the period beginning January 1, 2007 and ending December 31, 2007; provided that, the Committee may determine, in its discretion, an
earlier beginning date for the First Plan Year.
 1.30 "401(k)
Plan" shall mean, with respect to an Employer, a plan qualified under Code Section 401(a) that contains a cash or deferral arrangement described in Code
Section 401(k), adopted by the Employer, as it may be amended from time to time, or any successor thereto.
 1.31 "Key
Employee" shall mean any Participant who is a "key employee" (as defined in Code Section 416(i) without regard to paragraph (5) thereof) of any Employer
which is a corporation whose stock is publicly traded on an established securities market or otherwise, as determined by the Committee in accordance with Code Section 409A and related Treasury
guidance and Regulations.
 1.32 "Participant"
shall mean any Employee or Director (i) who is selected to participate in the Plan, (ii) who submits an executed Plan Agreement, Election Form and
Beneficiary Designation Form, which are accepted by the Committee, and (iii) whose Plan Agreement has not terminated.
 1.33 "Performance
Shares" shall mean the restricted stock units awarded to selected Participants designed to vest based on one or more performance criteria, which units shall be settled
by the delivery of Company stock unless deferral of payout is made pursuant to this Plan.
 1.34 "Plan"
shall mean the Adobe Systems Incorporated Deferred Compensation Plan, which shall be evidenced by this instrument and by each Plan Agreement, as they may be amended from time
to time.
 1.35 "Plan
Agreement" shall mean a written agreement, as may be amended from time to time, which is entered into by and between an Employer and a Participant. Each Plan Agreement executed
by a Participant and the Participant's Employer shall provide for the entire benefit to which such Participant is entitled under the Plan; should there be more than one Plan Agreement, the Plan
Agreement bearing the latest date of acceptance by the Employer shall supersede all previous Plan Agreements in their entirety and shall govern such entitlement. The terms of any Plan Agreement may be
different for any Participant, and any Plan Agreement may provide additional benefits not set forth in the Plan or limit the benefits otherwise provided under the Plan; provided, however, that any
such additional benefits or benefit limitations must be agreed to by the Employer, the Participant, and the Company.
 1.36 "Plan
Year" shall mean a period beginning on January 1 of each calendar year and continuing through December 31 of such calendar year.
 1.37 "Restricted
Stock Units" shall mean the restricted stock units awarded to selected Participants designed to vest based on the passage of time, which units shall be settled by the
delivery of Company stock unless deferral of payout is made pursuant to this Plan.
 1.38 "Retirement",
"Retire(s)" or "Retired" shall mean (1) with respect to an Employee who is not then a Director, separation from service with all Employers for any reason other
than a leave of absence, death or Disability, as determined in accordance with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and Regulations, on or after the attainment of age 55 with ten
Years of Service; and (2) with respect to a Director who is not then an Employee, separation from service as a Director with all Employers with respect to individuals who serve as both an
Employee and Director, or who may change status between the two, whether there has been a separation from 
 -4- 

service
upon a Retirement shall be determined under the applicable Treasury guidance and Regulations under Code Section 409A. 

1.39 "Retirement
Benefit" shall mean the benefit set forth in Article 6.
 1.40 "Scheduled
Distribution" shall mean the distribution set forth in Section 4.1.
 1.41 "Terminate
the Plan", "Termination of the Plan" shall mean a determination that (i) all Participants (or all Participants of
one or more Employers) shall no longer be eligible to participate in the Plan, (ii) all deferral elections for such Participants shall terminate, and (iii) such Participants shall no
longer be eligible to receive Employer contributions under this Plan.
 1.42 "Termination
Benefit" shall mean the benefit set forth in Article 7.
 1.43 "Termination
of Employment" shall mean the separation from service with all Employers, voluntarily or involuntarily, for any reason other than Retirement, Disability, death or an
authorized leave of absence, as determined in accordance with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and Regulations. With respect to individuals who serve as both an Employee and a
Director, or who may change status between the two, whether there has been a separation from service shall be determined under the applicable Treasury guidance and Regulations under Code
Section 409A.
 1.44 "Trust"
shall mean one or more trusts established by the Company in accordance with Article 16.
 1.45 "Unforeseeable
Emergency" shall mean a severe financial hardship as defined in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(i)(3)(ii). Accordingly, without further
limiting the definition, an unforeseeable emergency shall include a severe financial hardship to the Participant resulting from an illness or accident of the Participant, the Participant's spouse, the
Participant's Beneficiary, or the Participant's dependent (as defined in Code Section 152, without regard to Code Section 152(b)(1), (b)(2), and (d)(1)(B)); loss of the Participant's
property due to casualty (including the need to rebuild a home following damage to a home not otherwise covered by insurance, for example, not as a result of a natural disaster); or other similar
extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant. For example, the imminent foreclosure of or eviction from the Participant's primary
residence may constitute an unforeseeable emergency. In addition, the need to pay for medical expenses, including non-refundable deductibles, as well as for the costs of prescription drug
medication, may constitute an unforeseeable emergency. Finally, the need to pay for the funeral expenses of a spouse, a Beneficiary, or a dependent (as defined in Code Section 152, without
regard to Code Section 152(b)(1), (b)(2), and (d)(1)(B)) may also constitute an unforeseeable emergency. The determination of whether an "Unforeseeable Emergency" exists shall be determined in
the sole discretion of the Committee.
 1.46 "Years
of Service" shall mean the total number of full years in which a Participant has been employed by one or more Employers. For purposes of this definition, a year of employment
shall be a 365 day period (or 366 day period in the case of a leap year) that, for the first year of employment, commences on the Employee's date of hiring and that, for any subsequent
year, commences on an anniversary of that hiring date. The Committee shall make a determination as to whether any partial year of employment shall be counted as a Year of Service. The Committee, in
its complete discretion, may determine that, in addition to employment described in the preceding two sentences, employment may be counted toward the computation of Years of Service if it is either
(a) employment with a subsidiary that is not an Employer or (2) employment with a company that has been in whole or part acquired by the Company or a subsidiary of the Company through
merger, purchase of assets, or other form of reorganization. 
 -5- 

ARTICLE 2 Selection, Enrollment, Eligibility 

2.1 Selection by Committee . Participation in the Plan shall be limited to Directors and, as
determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, a select group of management or highly compensated Employees. From that group, the Committee shall select, in its sole discretion, those individuals
who may actually participate in this Plan.
 2.2 Enrollment and Eligibility Requirements; Commencement of Participation .

(a) As
a condition to participation, each Director or selected Employee who is eligible to participate in the Plan effective as of the first day of a Plan Year shall complete, execute and
return to the Committee a Plan Agreement, an Election Form and a Beneficiary Designation Form, prior to the first day of such Plan Year, or such other earlier deadline (such as prior to the first day
of the Company's fiscal year) as may be established by the Committee in its sole discretion. In addition, the Committee shall establish from time to time such other enrollment requirements as it
determines, in its sole discretion, are necessary. With respect to the First Plan Year, each Director or selected Employee must complete these requirements within 30 days of the date on which
such Director or Employee becomes eligible to participate in the Plan, or within such other earlier deadline as may be established by the Committee, in its sole discretion, in order to participate for
that Plan. Except as provided in Section 2.2(b) below, with respect to any Plan Year after the First Plan Year, each Director or selected Employee must complete these requirements prior to the
first day of such Plan Year, or such other earlier deadline (such as prior to the first day of the Company's fiscal year) as may be established by the Committee in its sole discretion.
 (b) A
Director or selected Employee who first becomes eligible to participate in this Plan after the first day of a Plan Year must complete these requirements within 30 days after
he or she first becomes eligible to participate in the Plan, or within such other earlier deadline as may be established by the Committee, in its sole discretion, in order to participate for that Plan
Year. In such event, such person's participation in this Plan shall not commence earlier than the date determined by the Committee pursuant to Section 2.2(c) and such person shall not be
permitted to defer under this Plan any portion of his or her Base Salary, Bonus and/or Director Fees that are paid with respect to services performed prior to his or her participation commencement
date, except to the extent permissible under Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance or Regulations.
 (c) Each
Director or selected Employee who is eligible to participate in the Plan shall commence participation in the Plan on the date that the Committee determines, in its sole
discretion, that the Director or Employee has met all enrollment requirements set forth in this Plan and required by the Committee, including returning all required documents to the Committee within
the specified time period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall process such Participant's deferral election as soon as administratively practicable after such deferral election is
submitted to and accepted by the Committee.
 (d) If
a Director or an Employee fails to meet all requirements contained in this Section 2.2 within the period required, that Director or Employee shall not be eligible to
participate in the Plan during such Plan Year.
 (e) If,
pursuant to Section 3.3(c), the Committee determines that an election may be made to defer the payment of performance-based compensation no later than six months before the
end of the performance service period, the Committee may adjust the deadline for the submission of enrollment forms to reflect its determination. In particular, the Committee may determine that the
enrollment deadlines with respect to the Annual Incentive Plan shall be 
 
 -6- 

measured
with respect to the date ending six months before the end of the Company's fiscal year and that the timing deadlines with respect to the submission of forms with respect to the deferral of
compensation under the Annual Incentive Plan shall be measured solely with respect to the date ending six months before the end of the Company's fiscal year. 

2.3 Termination of a Participant's Eligibility . If the Committee determines that an Employee
Participant no longer qualifies as a member of a select group of management or highly compensated employees, as membership in such group is determined in accordance with Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and
401(a)(1) of ERISA, or that the inclusion of Directors in this Plan could jeopardize the status of this Plan as a plan intended to be "unfunded" and "maintained by an employer primarily for the
purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly compensated employees" within the meaning of ERISA Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1), the Committee shall
have the right, in its sole discretion, to (i) terminate any deferral election the Participant has made for the remainder of the Plan Year in which the Committee makes such determination,
(ii) prevent the Participant from making future deferral elections, and/or (iii) take further action that the Committee deems appropriate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of
a Termination of the Plan, the termination of the affected Participant's eligibility for participation in the Plan shall not be governed by this Section 2.3, but rather shall be governed by
Section 12.1. In the event that a Participant is no longer eligible to defer compensation under this Plan, the Participant's Account Balance shall continue to be governed by the terms of this
Plan until such time as the Participant's Account Balance is paid in accordance with the terms of this Plan. 

ARTICLE 3 Deferral Commitments/Company Contribution Amounts/ Company Restoration Matching Amounts/Vesting/Crediting/Taxes 

3.1 Minimum Deferrals .

(a) Annual Deferral Amount . For each Plan Year, a Participant may elect to defer, as his or her
Annual Deferral Amount, Base Salary, Commissions, Bonus, Performance Shares, Restricted Stock Units, and/or Director Fees in the following permissible amounts for each deferral elected: 

Deferral 
 
 Permissible Amount 

Base Salary 
 
 1 minimum 

Commissions 
 
 1 minimum 

Bonus 
 
 1 minimum 

Performance Shares 
 
 Either 0 or 100 per vesting tranche 

Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Either 0 or 100 per vesting tranche 

Director Fees 
 
 5 minimum 

In
addition to the permissible amounts set forth above, the Committee may determine in its discretion that elections to defer Base Salary, Commissions, Performance Shares, Restricted Stock Units, or
Bonuses shall only be effective to the extent that a specified minimum dollar amount of Base Salary, Commissions, Performance Shares, Restricted Stock Units, or Bonus is expected to be deferred; for
example, the Committee may determine that an election to defer a portion of a Participant's Bonus under the Annual Incentive Plan shall only be effective if a minimum amount, such as 2,000, is
expected to be deferred. If the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, prior to the beginning of a Plan Year that a Participant has made an election for less than the stated minimum amounts, or
in an otherwise impermissible amount, or if no election is made, the amount deferred shall be zero. If the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, at any time after the beginning of a Plan Year
that a Participant has 

-7- 

deferred
less than the stated minimum amounts, or in an otherwise impermissible amount, for that Plan Year, any amount credited to the Participant's applicable Annual Account as the Annual Deferral
Amount for that Plan Year shall be distributed to the Participant within 60 days after the last day of the Plan Year in which the Committee determination was made. 

(b) Participation After Commencement of Plan Year . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a
Participant first becomes a Participant after the first day of a Plan Year, unless the Committee establishes different proration rules, any minimum Annual Deferral Amount shall be an amount equal to
any minimum established by the Plan or the Committee multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of complete months remaining in the Plan Year and the denominator of which is 12.

3.2 Maximum Deferral . 

(a) Annual Deferral Amount . For each Plan Year, a Participant may elect to defer, as his or her
Annual Deferral Amount, Base Salary, Commissions, Bonus, Performance Shares, Restricted Stock Units, and/or Director Fees up to the following permissible percentages for each deferral elected,
provided that, if necessary for the purpose of allowing enough remaining undeferred compensation to fund any necessary withholdings for taxes or benefits, the Committee may, in its sole discretion,
establish lesser amounts for one or more classes of Participants: 

Deferral 
 
 Permissible Percentage 

Base Salary 
 
 75 maximum 

Commissions 
 
 100 maximum 

Bonus 
 
 100 maximum 

Performance Shares 
 
 Either 0 or 100 per vesting tranche 

Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Either 0 or 100 per vesting tranche 

Director Fees 
 
 100 maximum 

(b) Short Plan Year . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Participant first becomes a Participant
after the first day of a Plan Year, the maximum Annual Deferral Amount shall be limited to the amount of compensation not yet earned by the Participant as of the date the Participant submits a Plan
Agreement and Election Form to the Committee for acceptance, except to the extent permissible under Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance or Regulations.

3.3 Election to Defer; Effect of Election Form .

(a) First Plan Year . In connection with a Participant's commencement of participation in the
Plan, the Participant shall make an irrevocable deferral election for the Plan Year in which the Participant commences participation in the Plan, along with such other elections as the Committee deems
necessary or desirable under the Plan. For these elections to be valid, the Election Form must be completed and signed by the Participant, timely delivered to the Committee (in accordance with
Section 2.2 above) and accepted by the Committee.
 (b) Subsequent Plan Years . For each succeeding Plan Year, an irrevocable deferral election for
that Plan Year, and such other elections as the Committee deems necessary or desirable under the Plan, shall be made by timely delivering a new Election Form to the Committee, in accordance with its
rules and procedures, before the end of the Company's fiscal year preceding the Plan Year for which the election is made, or before such other deadline established by the Committee to the extent such
other deadline complies with the requirements of Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance. If no such Election Form is timely delivered for a Plan Year, the Annual Deferral Amount shall
be zero for that Plan Year. 
 
 -8- 

(c) Performance-Based Compensation . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may, in its sole
discretion, determine that an irrevocable deferral election pertaining to performance-based compensation may be made by the Participant's timely delivering an Election Form to the Committee, in
accordance with its rules and procedures, no later than six 6 months before the end of the performance service period. "Performance-based compensation" shall be compensation from an Employer
based on services performed over a period of at least 12 months, in accordance with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance or Regulations. Beginning January 1, 2008 (or
such other effective date of the final Treasury Regulations), the definition of "performance-based compensation" in the final Treasury Regulations shall govern.
 (d) Transition Rules . Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 3.3, the
Committee may, in its sole discretion, permit deferrals pursuant to irrevocable deferral elections as permitted in the transition guidance established by the Internal Revenue Service under Code
Section 409A.

3.4 Withholding and Crediting of Annual Deferral Amounts .

(a) For
each Plan Year, the Base Salary portion of the Annual Deferral Amount shall be withheld from each regularly scheduled Base Salary payment in equal amounts, as adjusted from time
to time for increases and decreases in Base Salary. The Bonus, Commission, Performance Shares, Restricted Stock Units, and/or Director Fees portion of the Annual Deferral Amount shall be withheld at
the time these amounts are or otherwise would be paid to the Participant, whether or not this occurs during the Plan Year itself. Annual Deferral Amounts shall be credited to the Participant's Annual
Account for such Plan Year at the time such amounts would otherwise have been paid to the Participant.
 (b) Notwithstanding
any provision or election under this Plan to the contrary, if necessary to comply with Code Section 409A or to facilitate administration of the Company's
payroll system, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may choose to either (i) not withhold from Base Salary during any payroll period in which any portion of such Base Salary relates to
services performed in a prior Plan Year, or (ii) withhold from Base Salary during any payroll period in which any portion of such Base Salary relates to services performed in a prior Plan Year
in accordance with the Participant's deferral election submitted for the prior Plan Year. Accordingly, in order to carry out the intent of this provision, the Committee may adjust a Participant's Base
Salary deferral election submitted pursuant to this Article 3.
 
 3.5 Company Contribution Amount .

(a) An
Employer is not generally required to make Employer Contributions to this Plan. Employer Contributions may be made, however, as provided under the following subsections of this
section and Section 3.6.
 (b) For
each Plan Year, an Employer may be required to credit amounts to a Participant's Annual Account in accordance with employment or other agreements entered into between the
Participant and the Employer, which amounts shall be part of the Participant's Company Contribution Amount for that Plan Year. Such amounts shall be credited to the Participant's Annual Account for
the applicable Plan Year on the date or dates prescribed by such agreements.
 (c) For
each Plan Year, an Employer, in its sole discretion, may, but is not required to, credit any amount it decides, in its discretion, to contribute to any Participant's Annual
Account under this Plan, which amount shall be part of the Participant's Company Contribution Amount for that Plan Year. The amount so credited to a Participant may be smaller or larger than the
amount credited to any other Participant, and the amount credited to any Participant for a 
 
 -9- 

Plan
Year may be zero, even though one or more other Participants receive a Company Contribution Amount for that Plan Year. The Company Contribution Amount described in this Section 3.5(c), if
any, shall be credited to the Participant's Annual Account for the applicable Plan Year on a date or dates to be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. 

3.6 Company Restoration Matching Amount . A Participant's Company Restoration Matching Amount for
any Plan Year shall be an amount, which is determined by the Committee to make up for a reduction in the Participant's match in the 401(k) Plan for the Plan Year, if any, due to the Participant's
deferral of Base Salary, Commissions, and Bonus into this Plan for the Plan Year. In order to be eligible for a Company Restoration Matching Amount, a Participant must contribute the maximum amount
that he or she is eligible to contribute to the 401(k) Plan year that corresponds to the Plan Year of this Plan. The amount of the Company Restoration Matching Amount shall be computed by determining
the increase in the Participant's eligible compensation (the "Increase") under the 401(k) Plan for the Plan Year that would have occurred, absent the Participant's election to participate in this
Plan; the Company Restoration Matching Amount equals the additional matching contribution to the 401(k) Plan that would have occurred if the Participant's eligible compensation had been increased by
the Increase and the Participant had deferred that portion of the Increase into the 401(k) Plan that would have resulted in the maximum matching contribution by the Company with respect to the
Increase. For example, if (a) the maximum eligible compensation under the 401(k) Plan for a Plan Year is 210,000, (b) the Company matches 50 of the first 6 of eligible compensation
contributed by a Participant, and (c) eligible compensation under the 401(k) Plan is reduced to 170,000 because of a Participant's election under this Plan, the Company Restoration Matching
Amount would be 1200 (50 of 6 of 40,000). The Participant's Company Restoration Matching Amount, if any, shall be credited to the Participant's Annual Account for the applicable Plan Year on a
date or dates to be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion.
 3.7 Crediting of Amounts after Benefit Distribution . Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan
to the contrary, should the complete distribution of a Participant's vested Account Balance occur prior to the date on which any portion of (i) the Annual Deferral Amount that a Participant has
elected to defer in accordance with Section 3.3, (ii) the Company Contribution Amount, or (iii) the Company Restoration Matching Amount, would otherwise be credited to the
Participant's Account Balance, such amounts shall not be credited to the Participant's Account Balance, but shall be paid to the Participant in a manner determined by the Committee, in its sole
discretion.
 3.8 Vesting .

(a) A
Participant shall at all times be 100 vested in his or her deferrals of Base Salary, Commissions, Performance Shares, Restricted Stock Units, Bonus and Director's Fees.
 (b) A
Participant shall be vested in the portion of his or her Account Balance attributable to any Company Contribution Amounts, plus amounts credited or debited on such amounts (pursuant
to Section 3.9), in accordance with the vesting schedule(s) set forth in his or her Plan Agreement, employment agreement or any other agreement entered into between the Participant and his or
her Employer. If not addressed in such agreements, a Participant shall vest in the portion of his or her Account Balance attributable to any Company Contribution Amounts, plus amounts credited or
debited on such amounts (pursuant to Section 3.9), in accordance with the vesting schedule declared by the Committee in its sole discretion.
 (c) A
Participant shall be vested in the portion of his or her Account Balance attributable to any Company Restoration Matching Amounts, plus amounts credited or debited on such amounts
(pursuant to Section 3.9), only to the extent that the Participant would be vested in such 
 
 -10- 

amounts
under the provisions of the 401(k) Plan, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 

3.9 Crediting/Debiting of Account Balances . In accordance with, and subject to, the rules and
procedures that are established from time to time by the Committee, in its sole discretion, amounts shall be credited or debited to a Participant's Account Balance in accordance with the following
rules:

(a) Measurement Funds . The Committee shall select from time to time certain mutual funds,
insurance company separate accounts, indexed rates or other methods (the "Measurement Funds") for purposes of crediting or debiting additional amounts to Participants' Account Balances. The Committee
may discontinue, substitute or add a Measurement Fund, provided however, that any decision to retain, discontinue or substitute a Measurement Fund shall be made in good faith. Any discontinuance of a
Measurement Fund will take effect not earlier than the first day of the first calendar quarter that begins at least 30 days after the day on which the Committee gives Participants advance
written notice of such change, unless such advance notice cannot be given due to reasons beyond the control of the Company or the Committee, in which case notice of the change shall be given as soon
as administratively practical.
 (b) Company Stock Fund . With respect to the deferral of Performance Shares and Restricted Stock
Units, unless otherwise specifically provided by the Committee, deferrals may be only credited to a Measurement Fund denominated in units of common stock of the Company, and distributions from such
fund shall only be made in shares of such stock.
 (c) Election of Measurement Funds . A Participant, in connection with his or her initial deferral
election in accordance with Section 3.3 above, shall elect, on the Election Form, one or more Measurement Fund(s) (as described in Section 3.9(a) above) to be used to determine the
amounts to be credited or debited to his or her Account Balance. If a Participant does not elect any of the Measurement Funds as described in the previous sentence, the Participant's Account Balance
shall automatically be allocated into a default Measurement Fund which is selected by the Committee and identified prior to such allocation in Plan communication materials. A Participant may (but is
not required to) elect, by submitting an Election Form to the Committee that is accepted by the Committee or by any other procedure approved by the Committee, to add or delete one or more Measurement
Fund(s) to be used to determine the amounts to be credited or debited to the Participant's Account Balance, or to change the portion of the Participant's Account Balance allocated to each previously
or newly elected Measurement Fund. If an election is made in accordance with the previous sentence, it shall apply as of the first business day deemed reasonably practicable by the Committee, in its
sole discretion, and shall continue thereafter for each subsequent day in which the Participant participates in the Plan, unless changed in accordance with the previous sentence.
 (d) Proportionate Allocation . In making any election described in Section 3.9(c) above,
the Participant shall specify on the Election Form, in increments of one percent (1 ), the percentage of his or her Account Balance or Measurement Fund, as applicable, to be allocated/reallocated.
 (e) Crediting or Debiting Method . The performance of each Measurement Fund (either positive or
negative) will be determined on a daily basis based on the manner in which such Participant's Account Balance has been hypothetically allocated among the Measurement Funds by the Participant.
 (f) No Actual Investment . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan that may be
interpreted to the contrary, the Measurement Funds are to be used for measurement purposes 
 
 -11- 

only,
and a Participant's election of any such Measurement Fund, the allocation of his or her Account Balance thereto, the calculation of additional amounts and the crediting or debiting of such
amounts to a Participant's Account Balance shall not be considered or construed in any manner as an actual investment of his or her Account Balance in
any such Measurement Fund. In the event that the Company or the Trustee (as that term is defined in the Trust), in its own discretion, decides to invest funds in any or all of the investments on which
the Measurement Funds are based, no Participant shall have any rights in or to such investments themselves. Without limiting the foregoing, a Participant's Account Balance shall at all times be a
bookkeeping entry only and shall not represent any investment made on his or her behalf by the Company or the Trust; the Participant shall at all times remain an unsecured creditor of the Company. 

3.10 FICA and Other Taxes .

(a) Annual Deferral Amounts . For each Plan Year in which an Annual Deferral Amount is being
withheld from a Participant, the Participant's Employer(s) shall withhold from that portion of the Participant's Base Salary and/or Bonus Amounts that is not being deferred, in a manner determined by
the Employer(s), the Participant's share of FICA and other employment taxes on such Annual Deferral Amount. If necessary, the Committee may reduce the Annual Deferral Amount in order to comply with
this Section 3.10.
 (b) Company Restoration Matching Amounts and Company Contribution Amounts . When a Participant
becomes vested in a portion of his or her Account Balance attributable to any Company Restoration Matching Amounts and/or Company Contribution Amounts, the Participant's Employer(s) shall withhold
from that portion of the Participant's Base Salary and/or Bonus that is not deferred, in a manner determined by the Employer(s), the Participant's share of FICA and other employment taxes (or other
required withholdings) on such amounts. If necessary, the Committee may reduce the vested portion of the Participant's Company Restoration Matching Amount or Company Contribution Amount, as
applicable, in order to comply with this Section 3.10.
 (c) Distributions . The Participant's Employer(s), or the trustee of the Trust, shall withhold
from any payments made to a Participant under this Plan all federal, state and local income, employment and other taxes required to be withheld by the Employer(s), or the trustee of the Trust, in
connection with such payments, in amounts and in a manner to be determined in the sole discretion of the Employer(s) and the trustee of the Trust. 
 
 -12- 

ARTICLE 4 Scheduled Distribution; Unforeseeable Financial Emergencies 

4.1 Scheduled Distribution . In connection with each election to defer an Annual Deferral Amount,
a Participant may irrevocably elect to receive a Scheduled Distribution, in the form of a lump sum payment, from the Plan with respect to all or a portion of the Annual Deferral Amount. The Scheduled
Distribution shall be a lump sum payment in an amount that is equal to the portion of the Annual Deferral Amount the Participant elected to have distributed as a Scheduled Distribution, plus amounts
credited or debited in the manner provided in Section 3.9 above on that amount, calculated as of the close of business on or around the date on which the Scheduled Distribution becomes payable,
as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. Subject to the other terms and conditions of this Plan, each Scheduled Distribution elected shall be paid out (a) with respect to amounts
not attributable to Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, during a 60 day period commencing immediately after the first day of any month designated by the Participant, and
(b) with respect to the portion of the Annual Deferral Amount relating to Performance Shares and Restricted Stock Units, at the time determined by the Committee during the Plan Year designated
by the Participant (the "Scheduled Distribution Date"). In any event, the Plan Year designated by the Participant must be at least three Plan Years after the end of the Plan Year to which the
Participant's deferral election described in Section 3.3 relates. By way of example, if a Scheduled Distribution is elected for Annual Deferral Amounts that are earned in the Plan Year
commencing January 1, 2007, the earliest Scheduled Distribution Date that may be designated by a Participant would be January 1, 2011, and the Scheduled Distribution would become payable
pursuant to the rules of this Section 4.1 with respect to such Scheduled Distribution Date.
 4.2 Postponing Scheduled Distributions . A Participant may elect to postpone a Scheduled
Distribution described in Section 4.1 above, and have such amount paid out during a 60 day period commencing immediately after an allowable alternative distribution date designated by
the Participant in accordance with this Section 4.2. In order to make this election, the Participant must submit a new Scheduled Distribution Election Form to the Committee in accordance with
the following criteria:

(a) Such
Scheduled Distribution Election Form must be submitted to and accepted by the Committee in its sole discretion at least 12 months prior to the Participant's previously
designated Scheduled Distribution Date;
 (b) The
new Scheduled Distribution Date selected by the Participant must be the first day of a Plan Year, and must be at least five years after the previously designated Scheduled
Distribution Date; and
 (c) The
election of the new Scheduled Distribution Date shall have no effect until at least 12 months after the date on which the election is made.
 
 4.3 Other Benefits Take Precedence Over Scheduled Distributions . Should a Benefit Distribution
Date occur that triggers a benefit under Articles 5, 6, 7, 8, or 9, any Annual Deferral Amount that is subject to a Scheduled Distribution election under Section 4.1 shall not be paid in
accordance with Section 4.1, but shall be paid in accordance with the other applicable Article. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall interpret this Section 4.3 in a manner
that is consistent with Code Section 409A and other applicable tax law, including but not limited to Treasury guidance and Regulations issued after the effective date of this Plan. 
 -13- 

4.4 Unforeseeable Emergencies .

(a) If
the Participant experiences an Unforeseeable Emergency, the Participant may petition the Committee to receive a partial or full payout from the Plan, subject to the provisions set
forth below.
 (b) The
payout, if any, from the Plan shall not exceed the lesser of (i) the Participant's vested Account Balance, calculated as of the close of business on or around the date on
which the amount becomes payable, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, or (ii) the amount necessary to satisfy the Unforeseeable Emergency, plus amounts necessary to pay
Federal, state, or local income taxes or penalties reasonably anticipated as a result of the distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant may not receive a payout from the Plan to the
extent that the Unforeseeable Emergency is or may be relieved (A) through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise, (B) by liquidation of the Participant's assets, to the
extent the liquidation of such assets would not itself cause severe financial hardship or (C) by cessation of deferrals under this Plan.
 (c) If
the Committee, in its sole discretion, approves a Participant's petition for payout from the Plan, the Participant shall receive a payout from the Plan within 60 days of the
date of such approval, and the Participant's deferral election for that year under the Plan shall be terminated as of the date of such approval.
 (d) In
addition, a Participant's deferral elections under this Plan shall be terminated to the extent the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, that termination of such
Participant's deferral elections is required pursuant to Treas. Reg. 1.401(k)-1(d)(3) for the Participant to obtain a hardship distribution from an Employer's 401(k) Plan. If
the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, that a termination of the Participant's deferrals is required in accordance with the preceding sentence, the Participant's deferrals shall be
terminated as soon as administratively practicable following the date on which such determination is made.
 (e) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Committee shall interpret all provisions relating to a payout and/or termination of deferrals under this Section 4.4 in a manner that is
consistent with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and Regulations. 

ARTICLE 5 Change in Control Benefit 

5.1 Change in Control Benefit . A Participant, in connection with his or her commencement of
participation in the Plan, shall irrevocably elect on an Election Form whether to (i) receive a Change in Control Benefit upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, which shall be equal to the
Participant's vested Account Balance, calculated as of the close of business on or around the Participant's Benefit Distribution Date, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, or
(ii) to have his or her Account Balance remain in the Plan upon the occurrence of a Change in Control and to have his or her Account Balance remain subject to the terms and conditions of the
Plan. If a Participant does not make any election with respect to the payment of the Change in Control Benefit, then such Participant's Account Balance shall remain in the Plan upon a Change in
Control and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.
 5.2 Payment of Change in Control Benefit . The Change in Control Benefit, if any, shall be paid to
the Participant in a lump sum no later than 60 days after the Participant's Benefit Distribution Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall interpret all provisions in this Plan
relating to a Change in Control Benefit in a manner that is consistent with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and Regulations. 
 -14- 

ARTICLE 6 Retirement Benefit 

6.1 Retirement Benefit . A Participant who Retires shall receive, as a Retirement Benefit, his or
her vested Account Balance, calculated as of the close of business on or around the Participant's Benefit Distribution Date, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion.
 6.2 Payment of Retirement Benefit .

(a) In
connection with a Participant's election to defer an Annual Deferral Amount, the Participant shall elect the form in which his or her Annual Account for such Plan Year will be
paid. The Participant may elect to receive each Annual Account in the form of a lump sum or pursuant to an Annual Installment Method of 5, 10, or 15 years. If a Participant does not make any
election with respect to the payment of an Annual Account, then the Participant shall be deemed to have elected to receive such Annual Account as a lump sum.
 (b) A
Participant may change the form of payment for an Annual Account by submitting an Election Form to the Committee in accordance with the following criteria:

(i) The
election to modify the form of payment for such Annual Account shall have no effect until at least twelve (12) months after the date on which the election is made; and
 (ii) Each
payment related to such Annual Account shall be delayed at least five years from the originally scheduled Benefit Distribution Date for such Annual Account. 

For
purposes of applying the requirements above, the right to receive an Annual Account in installment payments shall be treated as the entitlement to a single payment. The Committee shall interpret
all provisions relating to an election described in this Section 6.2 in a manner that is consistent with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance or Regulations. 

 The
Election Form most recently accepted by the Committee in accordance with the criteria set forth above shall govern the payout of the applicable Annual Account. 

(c) The
lump sum payment shall be made, or installment payments shall commence, no later than 60 days after the Benefit Distribution Date. Remaining installments, if any, shall
continue in accordance with the Participant's election for each Annual Account and shall be paid no later than 60 days after each anniversary of the Benefit Distribution Date. 

ARTICLE 7 Termination Benefit 

7.1 Termination Benefit . A Participant who experiences a Termination of Employment shall receive,
as a Termination Benefit, his or her vested Account Balance, calculated as of the close of business on or around the Participant's Benefit Distribution Date, as determined by the Committee in its sole
discretion.
 7.2 Payment of Termination Benefit . The Termination Benefit shall be paid to the Participant in a
lump sum payment no later than 60 days after the Participant's Benefit Distribution Date. 

ARTICLE 8 Disability Benefit 

8.1 Disability Benefit . Upon a Participant's Disability, the Participant shall receive a
Disability Benefit, which shall be equal to the Participant's vested Account Balance, calculated as of the close of business on or around the Participant's Benefit Distribution Date, as selected by
the Committee in its sole discretion. 
 -15- 

8.2 Payment of Disability Benefit .

(a) If
a Participant becomes Disabled prior to being eligible for Retirement, the Participant's Disability Benefit will be paid in a lump sum payment.
 (b) If
a Participant becomes Disabled on or after becoming eligible for Retirement, the Participant's Disability Benefit shall be paid in the form in which the Participant elected to
receive his or her Retirement Benefit for each Annual Account in accordance with Section 6.2.
 (c) The
lump sum payment shall be made, or installment payments shall commence, no later than 60 days after the Benefit Distribution Date. Remaining installments, if any, shall
continue in accordance with the Participant's election for each Annual Account and shall be paid no later than 60 days after each anniversary of the Benefit Distribution Date. 

ARTICLE 9 Death Benefit 

9.1 Death Benefit . The Participant's Beneficiary(ies) shall receive a Death Benefit upon the
Participant's death which will be equal to the Participant's vested Account Balance, calculated as of the close of business on or around the Participant's Benefit Distribution Date, as selected by the
Committee in its sole discretion.
 9.2 Payment of Death Benefit . The Death Benefit shall be paid to the Participant's
Beneficiary(ies) in a lump sum payment no later than 60 days after the Participant's Benefit Distribution Date. 

ARTICLE 10 Beneficiary Designation 

10.1 Beneficiary . Each Participant shall have the right, at any time, to designate his or her
Beneficiary(ies) (both primary as well as contingent) to receive any benefits payable under the Plan to a beneficiary upon the death of a Participant. The Beneficiary designated under this Plan may be
the same as or different from the Beneficiary designation under any other plan of an Employer in which the Participant participates.
 10.2 Beneficiary Designation; Change; Spousal Consent . A Participant shall designate his or her
Beneficiary by completing and signing the Beneficiary Designation Form, and returning it to the Committee or its designated agent. A Participant shall have the right to change a Beneficiary by
completing, signing and otherwise complying with the terms of the Beneficiary Designation Form and the Committee's rules and procedures, as in effect from time to time. If the Participant names
someone other than his or her spouse as a Beneficiary, spousal consent is required and shall be provided in a form designated by the Committee, executed by such Participant's spouse and returned to
the Committee. Upon the acceptance by the Committee of a new Beneficiary Designation Form, all Beneficiary designations previously filed shall be canceled. The Committee shall be entitled to rely on
the last Beneficiary Designation Form filed by the Participant and accepted by the Committee prior to his or her death.
 10.3 Acknowledgment . No designation or change in designation of a Beneficiary shall be effective
until received and acknowledged in writing by the Committee or its designated agent.
 10.4 No Beneficiary Designation . If a Participant fails to designate a Beneficiary as provided in
Sections 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3 above or, if all designated Beneficiaries predecease the Participant or die prior to complete distribution of the Participant's benefits, then the Participant's designated
Beneficiary shall be deemed to be his or her surviving spouse. If the Participant has no surviving 
 -16- 

spouse,
the benefits remaining under the Plan to be paid to a Beneficiary shall be payable to the executor or personal representative of the Participant's estate. 

10.5 Doubt as to Beneficiary . If the Committee has any doubt as to the proper Beneficiary to
receive payments pursuant to this Plan, the Committee shall have the right, exercisable in its discretion, to cause the Participant's Employer to withhold such payments until this matter is resolved
to the Committee's satisfaction.
 10.6 Discharge of Obligations . The payment of benefits under the Plan to a Beneficiary shall
fully and completely discharge all Employers and the Committee from all further obligations under this Plan with respect to the Participant, and that Participant's Plan Agreement shall terminate upon
such full payment of benefits. 

ARTICLE 11 Leave of Absence 

11.1 Paid Leave of Absence . If a Participant is authorized by the Participant's Employer to take
a paid leave of absence from the employment of the Employer, and such leave of absence does not constitute a separation from service, as determined by the Committee in accordance with Code
Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and Regulations, (i) the Participant shall continue to be considered eligible for the benefits provided in Articles 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, or 9 in
accordance with the provisions of those Articles, and (ii) the Annual Deferral Amount shall continue to be withheld during such paid leave of absence in accordance with Section 3.3.
 11.2 Unpaid Leave of Absence . If a Participant is authorized by the Participant's Employer to
take an unpaid leave of absence from the employment of the Employer for any reason, and such leave of absence does not constitute a separation from service, as determined by the Committee in
accordance with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and Regulations, such Participant shall continue to be eligible for the benefits provided in Articles 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, or 9 in
accordance with the provisions of those Articles. However, the Participant shall be excused from fulfilling his or her Annual Deferral Amount commitment that would otherwise have been withheld during
the period during which the unpaid leave of absence is taken. If a Participant returns from the leave of absence during the Plan Year in which leave of absence began, the Participant's deferral
election shall be immediately reinstated for the remainder of the year with respect to compensation earned subsequent to the return from the leave of absence. In addition, if the Participant returns
to employment, the Participant may elect to defer an Annual Deferral Amount for the Plan Year following his or her return to employment and for every Plan Year thereafter while a Participant in the
Plan, provided such deferral elections are otherwise allowed and an Election Form is delivered to and accepted by the Committee for each such election in accordance with Section 3.3 above.
 11.3 Leaves Resulting in Separation from Service . In the event that a Participant's leave of
absence from his or her Employer constitutes a separation from service, as determined by the Committee in accordance with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and Regulations, the
Participant's vested Account Balance shall be distributed to the Participant in accordance with Article 6 or 7 of this Plan, as applicable. 

ARTICLE 12 Termination of Plan, Amendment or Modification 

12.1 Termination of Plan . Although the Company anticipates that it will continue the Plan for an
indefinite period of time, there is no guarantee that the Company will continue the Plan or will not terminate the Plan at any time in the future. Accordingly, the Company reserves the right to
Terminate the Plan, either entirely or with respect to one or more Employers participating in the 
 -17- 

Plan.
Such action shall be taken by the Board of Directors or its delegate. In the event of a Termination of the Plan, the Measurement Funds available to Participants following the Termination of the
Plan shall be comparable in number and type to those Measurement Funds available to Participants in the Plan Year preceding the Plan Year in which the Termination of the Plan is effective. Following a
Termination of the Plan, Participant Account Balances shall remain in the Plan until the Participant becomes eligible for the benefits provided in Articles 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 or 9 in accordance with the
provisions of those Articles. The Termination of the Plan shall not adversely affect any Participant or Beneficiary who has become entitled to the payment of any benefits under the Plan as of the date
of termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent permissible under Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance or Regulations, during the 30 days preceding or within
12 months following a Change in Control, the Company shall be permitted to (i) terminate the Plan, and (ii) distribute the vested Account Balances to Participants in a lump sum no
later than 12 months after the Change in Control, provided that all other substantially similar arrangements sponsored by such Company are also terminated and all balances in such arrangements
are distributed within 12 months of the termination of such arrangements. 

12.2 Amendment .

(a) The
Company, acting through its Board of Directors or a delegate of the Board of Directors, may, at any time, amend or modify the Plan in whole or in part with respect to the Company
or a particular Employer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) no amendment or modification shall be effective to decrease the value of a Participant's vested Account Balance in existence at the
time the amendment or modification is made, and (ii) no amendment or modification of this Section 12.2 or Section 13.2 of the Plan shall be effective.
 (b) Notwithstanding
any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in the event that the Company determines that any provision of the Plan may cause amounts deferred under the Plan to become
immediately taxable to any Participant under Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance or Regulations, the Company may (i) adopt such amendments to the Plan and appropriate
policies and procedures, including amendments and policies with retroactive effect, that the Company determines necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of the Plan benefits
provided by the Plan and/or (ii) take such other actions as the Company determines necessary or appropriate to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A and related Treasury
guidance or Regulations.
 
 12.3 Plan Agreement . Despite the provisions of Sections 12.1 and 12.2 above, if a Participant's
Plan Agreement contains benefits or limitations that are not in this Plan document, the Company may only amend or terminate such provisions with the written consent of the Participant.
 12.4 Effect of Payment . The full payment of the Participant's vested Account Balance under
Articles 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, or 9 of the Plan shall completely discharge all obligations to a Participant and his or her designated Beneficiaries under this Plan, and the Participant's Plan Agreement shall
terminate. 

ARTICLE 13 Administration 

13.1 Committee Duties . Except as otherwise provided in this Article 13, this Plan shall be
administered by a Committee, which shall consist of the Board, or such committee as the Board shall appoint. Members of the Committee may be Participants under this Plan. The Committee shall also have
the discretion and authority to (i) make, amend, interpret, and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations for the administration of this Plan, and (ii) decide or resolve any and all
questions, including benefit entitlement determinations and interpretations of this Plan, as may arise in connection with the Plan. Any individual serving on the Committee who is a 
 -18- 

Participant
shall not vote or act on any matter relating solely to himself or herself. When making a determination or calculation, the Committee shall be entitled to rely on information furnished by a
Participant or the Company. 

13.2 Administration Upon Change in Control . Within 120 days following a Change in Control,
an independent third party administrator (the "Administrator") may be selected by the individual who, immediately prior to the Change in Control, was the Company's Chief Executive Officer (the
"Ex-CEO"). The Committee, as constituted prior to the Change in Control, shall continue to be the Administrator until the earlier of (i) the date on which such independent third
party is selected and approved, or (ii) the expiration of the 120 day period following the Change in Control. If an independent third party is not selected within 120 days of such
Change in Control, the Committee, as described in Section 13.1 above, shall be the Administrator. The Administrator shall have the discretionary power to determine all questions arising in
connection with the administration of the Plan and the interpretation of the Plan, including, but not limited to, benefit entitlement determinations; provided, however, upon and after the occurrence
of a Change in Control, the Administrator shall have no power to direct the investment of Plan assets or select any investment manager or custodial firm for the Plan. Upon and after the occurrence of
a Change in Control, the Company must: (1) pay all reasonable administrative expenses and fees of the Administrator; (2) indemnify the Administrator against any costs, expenses and
liabilities including, without limitation, attorney's fees and expenses arising in connection with the performance of the Administrator hereunder, except with respect to matters resulting from the
gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrator or its employees or agents; and (3) supply full and timely information to the Administrator on all matters relating to the Plan, the
Participants and their Beneficiaries, the Account Balances of the Participants, the date and circumstances of the Termination of Employment, Disability, or death of the Participants, and such other
pertinent information as the Administrator may reasonably require. Upon and after a Change in Control, the Administrator may be terminated (and a replacement appointed) by the Ex-CEO. Upon
and after a Change in Control, the Administrator may not be terminated by the Company.
 13.3 Agents . In the administration of this Plan, the Committee or the Administrator, as
applicable, may, from time to time, employ agents and delegate to them such administrative duties as it sees fit (including acting through a duly appointed representative) and may from time to time
consult with counsel.
 13.4 Binding Effect of Decisions . The decision or action of the Committee or Administrator, as
applicable, with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan and the rules and regulations promulgated hereunder shall
be final and conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in the Plan.
 13.5 Indemnity of Committee . All Employers shall indemnify and hold harmless the members of the
Committee, any Employee to whom the duties of the Committee may be delegated, and the Administrator against any and all claims, losses, damages, expenses or liabilities arising from any action or
failure to act with respect to this Plan, except in the case of willful misconduct by the Committee, any of its members, any such Employee or the Administrator.
 13.6 Employer Information . To enable the Committee and/or Administrator to perform its functions,
the Company and each Employer shall supply full and timely information to the Committee and/or Administrator, as the case may be, on all matters relating to the Plan, the Trust, the Participants and
their Beneficiaries, the Account Balances of the Participants, the compensation of its Participants, the date and circumstances of the Retirement, Disability, death or Termination of Employment of its
Participants, and such other pertinent information as the Committee or Administrator may reasonably require. 
 -19- 

ARTICLE 14 Other Benefits and Agreements 

14.1 Coordination with Other Benefits . The benefits provided for a Participant and Participant's
Beneficiary under the Plan are in addition to any other benefits available to such Participant under any other plan or program for employees of the Participant's Employer. The Plan shall supplement
and shall not supersede, modify or amend any other such plan or program except as may otherwise be expressly provided. 

ARTICLE 15 Claims Procedures 

15.1 Presentation of Claim . Any Participant or Beneficiary of a deceased Participant (such
Participant or Beneficiary being referred to below as a "Claimant") may deliver to the Committee a written claim for a determination with respect to the amounts distributable to such Claimant from the
Plan. If such a claim relates to the contents of a notice received by the Claimant, the claim must be made within 60 days after such notice was received by the Claimant. All other claims must
be made within 180 days of the date on which the event that caused the claim to arise occurred. The claim must state with particularity the determination desired by the Claimant.
 15.2 Notification of Decision . The Committee shall consider a Claimant's claim within a
reasonable time, but no later than 90 days after receiving the claim. If the Committee determines that special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the claim, written
notice of the extension shall be furnished to the Claimant prior to the termination of the initial 90 day period. In no event shall such extension exceed a period of 90 days from the end
of the initial period. The extension notice shall indicate the special circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which the Committee expects to render the benefit determination. The
Committee shall notify the Claimant in writing:

(a) that
the Claimant's requested determination has been made, and that the claim has been allowed in full; or
 (b) that
the Committee has reached a conclusion contrary, in whole or in part, to the Claimant's requested determination, and such notice must set forth in a manner calculated to be
understood by the Claimant:

(i) the
specific reason(s) for the denial of the claim, or any part of it;
 (ii) specific
reference(s) to pertinent provisions of the Plan upon which such denial was based;
 (iii) a
description of any additional material or information necessary for the Claimant to perfect the claim, and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary;
 (iv) an
explanation of the claim review procedure set forth in Section 15.3 below; and
 (v) a
statement of the Claimant's right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a) following an adverse benefit determination on review.

15.3 Review of a Denied Claim . On or before 60 days after receiving a notice from the
Committee that a claim has been denied, in whole or in part, a Claimant (or the Claimant's duly authorized representative) may file with the Committee a written request for a review of the denial of
the claim. The Claimant (or the Claimant's duly authorized representative):

(a) may,
upon request and free of charge, have reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant (as defined in applicable ERISA regulations) to
the claim for benefits; 
 
 -20- 

(b) may
submit written comments or other documents; and/or
 (c) may
request a hearing, which the Committee, in its sole discretion, may grant.

15.4 Decision on Review . The Committee shall render its decision on review promptly, and no later
than 60 days after the Committee receives the Claimant's written request for a review of the denial of the claim. If the Committee determines that special circumstances require an extension of
time for processing the claim, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the Claimant prior to the termination of the initial 60 day period. In no event shall such extension exceed
a period of 60 days from the end of the initial period. The extension notice shall indicate the special circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which the Committee expects
to render the benefit determination. In rendering its decision, the Committee shall take into account all comments, documents, records and other information submitted by the Claimant relating to the
claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. The decision must be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the
Claimant, and it must contain:

(a) specific
reasons for the decision;
 (b) specific
reference(s) to the pertinent Plan provisions upon which the decision was based;
 (c) a
statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant (as
defined in applicable ERISA regulations) to the Claimant's claim for benefits; and
 (d) a
statement of the Claimant's right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a).
 
 15.5 Arbitration/Interest on Unpaid Amounts/Controlling Law .

(a) The
Participant or Beneficiary may submit the controversy to final and binding arbitration pursuant to the then most applicable Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA");
provided, however, that unless the parties otherwise agree, the arbitration shall be before a single arbitrator selected either by mutual agreement or, failing agreement, from a list of seven
arbitrators provided by AAA, (1) four of whom shall be retired judges of the Superior or Appellate Courts of California who are residents of Santa Clara, counties adjoining to Santa Clara
County, or San Francisco County, and, if such list exists at the time of the dispute, who are members of the Independent List of Retired Judges, and (2) three of whom shall be members of the
National Academy of Arbitrators, resident in Santa Clara, counties adjoining to Santa Clara County, or San Francisco County. In the event the parties are unable to agree upon such an arbitrator from
such list of seven, each party shall strike one name in turn with the first to strike being chosen by lot. When only one name remains, that person shall be the parties' arbitrator. The parties hereto
expressly waive their rights, if any, to have such matters heard by a jury or a judge, whether in state or federal court. The cost of the arbitration, including, but not limited to, any reasonable
legal fees or other expenses incident thereto incurred in connection with such arbitration, shall be borne by the Employer unless the arbitrators(s) determines that the Participant's or Beneficiary's
claim is frivolous, in which case the Participant or Beneficiary shall bear his own legal fees. In the arbitration the Committee's decision on appeal shall be upheld unless the arbitrator(s) determine
that the decision constitutes an abuse of discretion.
 (b) The
Employer agrees to pay interest on any amounts payable to a Participant or Beneficiary under this Plan which are not paid within 30 days after the date when due and on any
money judgment which is awarded to the Participant or Beneficiary following a proceeding to enforce any portion of this Plan from the date that payments should have been made under this Plan. Such
interest shall be calculated at the prime rate offered by a bank designated by the 
 
 -21- 

Committee,
or its successor, from the date that payments should have been made under this Plan to the time of actual payment. 

ARTICLE 16 Trust 

16.1 Establishment of the Trust . In order to provide assets from which to fulfill its obligations
to the Participants and their Beneficiaries under the Plan, the Company may establish a trust by a trust agreement with a third party, the trustee, to which each Employer may, in its discretion,
contribute cash or other property, including securities issued by the Company, to provide for the benefit payments under the Plan, (the "Trust").
 16.2 Interrelationship of the Plan and the Trust . The provisions of the Plan and the Plan
Agreement shall govern the rights of a Participant to receive distributions pursuant to the Plan. The provisions of the Trust shall govern the rights of the Employers, Participants and the creditors
of the Employers to the assets transferred to the Trust. Each Employer shall at all times remain liable to carry out its obligations under the Plan.
 16.3 Distributions From the Trust . Each Employer's obligations under the Plan may be satisfied
with Trust assets distributed pursuant to the terms of the Trust, and any such distribution shall reduce the Employer's obligations under this Plan. 

ARTICLE 17 Miscellaneous 

17.1 Status of Plan . The Plan is intended to be a plan that is not qualified within the meaning
of Code Section 401(a) and that "is unfunded and is maintained by an employer primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly compensated
employees" within the meaning of ERISA Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1). The Plan shall be administered and interpreted (i) to the extent possible in a manner consistent with the intent
described in the preceding sentence, and (ii) in accordance with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and Regulations. The foregoing notwithstanding, the Company makes no
representation that the benefits provided under the Plan will comply with Code Section 409A and makes no undertaking to prevent Code Section 409A from applying to the benefits provided
under the Plan or to mitigate its effects on any deferrals or payments made under the Plan.
 17.2 Unsecured General Creditor . Participants and their Beneficiaries, heirs, successors and
assigns shall have no legal or equitable rights, interests or claims in any property or assets of an Employer. For purposes of the payment of benefits under this Plan, any and all of an Employer's
assets shall be, and remain, the general, unpledged unrestricted assets of the Employer. An Employer's obligation under the Plan shall be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay money
in the future.
 17.3 Employer's Liability . An Employer's liability for the payment of benefits shall be defined
only by the Plan and the Plan Agreement, as entered into between the Employer and a Participant. An Employer shall have no obligation to a Participant under the Plan except as expressly provided in
the Plan and his or her Plan Agreement.
 17.4 Nonassignability . Neither a Participant nor any other person shall have any right to
commute, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, anticipate, mortgage or otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate, alienate or convey in advance of actual receipt, the amounts, if any, payable hereunder, or
any part thereof, which are, and all rights to which are expressly declared to be, unassignable and non-transferable. No part of the amounts payable shall, prior to actual payment, be
subject to 
 -22- 

seizure,
attachment, garnishment or sequestration for the payment of any debts, judgments, alimony or separate maintenance owed by a Participant or any other person, be transferable by operation of
law in the event of a Participant's or any other person's bankruptcy or insolvency or be transferable to a spouse as a result of a property settlement or otherwise. 

17.5 Not a Contract of Employment . The terms and conditions of this Plan shall not be deemed to
constitute a contract of employment between any Employer and the Participant. Such employment is hereby acknowledged to be an "at will" employment relationship that can be terminated at any time for
any reason, or no reason, with or without cause, and with or without notice, unless expressly provided in a written employment agreement. The Participant's participation in the Plan shall not create a
right to further employment with any Employer and shall not interfere with any ability of any Employer to terminate the Participant's employment relationship at any time with or without cause.
 17.6 Furnishing Information . A Participant or his or her Beneficiary will cooperate with the
Committee by furnishing any and all information requested by the Committee and take such other actions as may be requested in order to facilitate the administration of the Plan and the payments of
benefits hereunder, including but not limited to taking such physical examinations as the Committee may deem necessary.
 17.7 Terms . Whenever any words are used herein in the masculine, they shall be construed as
though they were in the feminine in all cases where they would so apply; and whenever any words are used herein in the singular or in the plural, they shall be construed as though they were used in
the plural or the singular, as the case may be, in all cases where they would so apply.
 17.8 Captions . The captions of the articles, sections and paragraphs of this Plan are for
convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any of its provisions.
 17.9 Governing Law . Subject to ERISA, the provisions of this Plan shall be construed and
interpreted according to the internal laws of the State of California without regard to its conflicts of laws principles.
 17.10 Notice . Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the Committee under this
Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered, or sent by registered or certified mail, to the address below: 

Adobe
Systems Incorporated 
Attn: Senior Director of Compensation and Benefits 
345 Park Avenue 
San Jose, CA 95110-2704 

A
second copy shall also be sent to the General Counsel for the Company, at the same address listed above. Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery or, if delivery is made by mail,
as of the date shown on the postmark on the receipt for registration or certification. 

Any
notice or filing required or permitted to be given to a Participant under this Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered, or sent by mail, to the last known address of
the Participant. 

17.11 Successors . The provisions of this Plan shall bind and inure to the benefit of the
Participant's Employer and its successors and assigns and the Participant and the Participant's designated Beneficiaries.
 17.12 Spouse's Interest . The interest in the benefits hereunder of a spouse of a Participant who
has predeceased the Participant shall automatically pass to the Participant and shall not be transferable 
 -23- 

by
such spouse in any manner, including but not limited to such spouse's will, nor shall such interest pass under the laws of intestate succession. 

17.13 Validity . In case any provision of this Plan shall be illegal or invalid for any reason,
said illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts hereof, but this Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal or invalid provision had never been inserted herein.
 17.14 Incompetent . If the Committee determines in its discretion that a benefit under this Plan
is to be paid to a minor, a person declared incompetent or to a person incapable of handling the disposition of that person's property, the Committee may direct payment of such benefit to the
guardian, legal representative or person having the care and custody of such minor, incompetent or incapable person. The Committee may require proof of minority, incompetence, incapacity or
guardianship, as it may deem appropriate prior to distribution of the benefit. Any payment of a benefit shall be a payment for the account of the Participant and the Participant's Beneficiary, as the
case may be, and shall be a complete discharge of any liability under the Plan for such payment amount.
 17.15 Court Order . The Committee is authorized to comply with any court order in any action in
which the Plan or the Committee has been named as a party, including any action involving a determination of the rights or interests in a Participant's benefits under the Plan. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Committee shall interpret this provision in a manner that is consistent with Code Section 409A and other applicable tax law. In addition, if necessary to comply with a domestic
relations order, as defined in Code Section 414(p)(1)(B), pursuant to which a court has determined that a spouse or former spouse of a Participant has an interest in the Participant's benefits
under the Plan, the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall have the right to immediately distribute the spouse's or former spouse's interest in the Participant's benefits under the Plan to such
spouse or former spouse, as provided in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ii).
 17.16 Distribution in the Event of Income Inclusion Under 409A . If any portion of a Participant's
Account Balance under this Plan is required to be included in income by the Participant prior to receipt due to a failure of this Plan to meet the requirement of Code Section 409A and related
Treasury guidance or Regulations, the Participant may petition the Committee or Administrator, as applicable, for a distribution of that portion of his or her Account Balance that is required to be
included in his or her income. Upon the grant of such a petition , which grant shall not be unreasonably withheld, the Participant's Employer shall
distribute to the Participant immediately-available funds in an amount equal to the portion of his or her Account Balance required to be included in income as a result of the failure of the Plan to
meet the requirements of Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance or Regulations, which amount shall not exceed the Participant's unpaid vested Account Balance under the Plan. If the
petition is granted, such distribution shall be made within 90 days of the date when the Participant's petition is granted. Such a distribution shall affect and reduce the Participant's
benefits to be paid under this Plan. Notwithstanding the preceding sentences of this section, if the Committee determines that Code Section 409A requires that distribution of Account Balances
be automatic in order to comply with Code Section 409A, the portion of a Participant's Account Balance that fails to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A shall be
automatically distributed.
 17.17 Deduction Limitation on Benefit Payments . If an Employer reasonably anticipates that the
Employer's deduction with respect to any distribution from this Plan would be limited or eliminated by application of Code Section 162(m), then to the extent deemed necessary by the Employer to
ensure that the entire amount of any distribution from this Plan is deductible, the Employer may delay payment of any amount that would otherwise be distributed from this Plan. Any amounts for which
distribution is delayed pursuant to this Section shall continue to be credited/debited with additional amounts in accordance with Section 3.9 above. The delayed 
 -24- 

amounts
(and any amounts credited thereon) shall be distributed to the Participant (or his or her Beneficiary in the event of the Participant's death) at the earliest date the Employer reasonably
anticipates that the deduction of the payment of the amount will not be limited or eliminated by application of Code Section 162(m). 

17.18 Insurance . The Employers, on their own behalf or on behalf of the trustee of the Trust,
and, in their sole discretion, may apply for and procure insurance on the life of a Participant, in such amounts and in such forms as the Trust may choose. The Employers or the trustee of the Trust,
as the case may be, shall be the sole owner and beneficiary of any such insurance. The Participant shall have no interest whatsoever in any such policy or policies. Any application and procurement of
insurance shall comply with Section 101(j) of the Code, including the requirements requiring proper notification to and consent by Participants. A Participant who has elected to be insured
shall supply such information and execute such documents as may be required by the insurance company or companies to whom the Employers have applied for insurance. 

 IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has signed this Plan document as of October 31, 2007. 

"Company" 
Adobe Systems Incorporated, a Delaware corporation 

By: 

/s/ Ellen Swarthout Senior Director, Global Benefits and Compensation 

-25- 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 10.52 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 ARTICLE 1 Definitions 

ARTICLE 2 Selection, Enrollment, Eligibility 
 ARTICLE 3 Deferral Commitments/Company Contribution Amounts/ Company Restoration Matching Amounts/Vesting/Crediting/Taxes 

ARTICLE 4 Scheduled Distribution; Unforeseeable Financial Emergencies 
 ARTICLE 5 Change in Control Benefit 
 ARTICLE 6 Retirement Benefit 
 ARTICLE 7 Termination Benefit 
 ARTICLE 8 Disability Benefit 
 ARTICLE 9 Death Benefit 
 ARTICLE 10 Beneficiary Designation 
 ARTICLE 11 Leave of Absence 
 ARTICLE 12 Termination of Plan, Amendment or Modification 
 ARTICLE 13 Administration 
 
 ARTICLE 14 Other Benefits and Agreements 
 ARTICLE 15 Claims Procedures 
 ARTICLE 16 Trust 
 ARTICLE 17 Miscellaneous 

</EX-10.52>

<EX-21>
 5
 a2181848zex-21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

EXHIBIT 21 

ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Subsidiary Legal Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Formation 

The Americas: 

Adobe International LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Adobe Macromedia Software LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Adobe Systems Brasil Limitada 
 
 Brazil 

Allaire Corporation 
 
 Delaware 

Antepo, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Fotiva, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Accelio Corporation 
 
 Delaware 

Adobe Systems Canada Inc. 
 
 Canada 

Middlesoft, Inc. 
 
 California 

Q-Link Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Scene7 Inc 
 
 Delaware 

Serious Magic, Inc. 
 
 California 

Virtual Ubiquity, Inc 
 
 Massachusetts 

Europe: 

Adobe Systems Benelux BV 
 
 The Netherlands 

Adobe Systems Danmark ApS 
 
 Denmark 

Adobe Systems Direct Ltd. 
 
 Scotland 

Adobe Systems Engineering GmbH 
 
 Federal Republic of Germany 

Adobe Systems Europe Ltd. 
 
 Scotland 

Adobe Systems France SAS 
 
 France 

Adobe Systems GmbH 
 
 Federal Republic of Germany 

Adobe Systems (Schweiz) GmbH 
 
 Switzerland 

Adobe Systems Iberica SL 
 
 Spain 

Adobe Systems Italia SRL 
 
 Italy 

Adobe Systems Nordic AB 
 
 Sweden 

Adobe Systems Norge AS 
 
 Norway 

Adobe Systems Romania SRL 
 
 Romania 

Adobe Systems s.r.o. 
 
 Czech Republic 

Adobe Software Trading Company Limited 
 
 Ireland 

Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited 
 
 Ireland 

Allaire Europe Holdings BV 
 
 The Netherlands 

Antepo SARL 
 
 France 

Frame Technology International Limited 
 
 Ireland 

Iteration::Two Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

Macromedia Europe Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

Macromedia Ireland Limited 
 
 Ireland 

Macromedia Software Ireland Limited 
 
 Ireland 

Mobile Innovation Ltd. 
 
 United Kingdom 

Okyz SAS 
 
 France 

Scene7(UK) Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

Africa: 

Adobe Systems South Africa (Proprietary) Limited 
 
 South Africa 

Asia: 

Adobe Systems Company Ltd. 
 
 Japan 

Adobe Systems Hong Kong Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Adobe Systems India Pvt. Ltd. 
 
 India 

Adobe Systems Korea Ltd. 
 
 Korea 

Adobe Systems Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

Adobe Systems Pty. Ltd. 
 
 Australia 

Adobe Systems Software (Beijing) Co. Ltd. 
 
 China 

Macromedia Asia Pacific Pty. Ltd. 
 
 Australia 

Macromedia South Asia Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

All subsidiaries of the registrant are wholly owned, directly or indirectly by Adobe and do business under their legal names. 

QuickLinks 
 
 EXHIBIT 21 
 
 ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 a2181848zex-23_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 The
Board of Directors 
Adobe Systems Incorporated: 

 We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (No. 33-10753, No. 33-18986, No. 33-23171,
No. 33-30976, No. 33-36501, No. 33-38387, No. 33-48210, No. 33-63518, No. 33-78506,
No. 33-83030, No. 33-83502, No. 33-83504, No. 33-84396, No. 33-86482, No. 33-59335,
No. 33-63849, No. 33-63851, No. 333-28195, No. 333-28203, No. 333-28207,
No. 333-57589, No. 333-81191, No. 333-87165, No. 333-39524, No. 333-52214,
No. 333-57074, No. 333-72424, No. 333-90518, No. 333-108014, No. 333-130104,
No. 333-130185, and No. 333-144676) on Form S-8 of Adobe Systems Incorporated of our reports dated January 24, 2008, with respect to the
consolidated balance sheets of Adobe Systems Incorporated as of November 30, 2007 and December 1, 2006, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and
comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended November 30, 2007, and internal control over financial reporting as of November 30,
2007, appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

 As
discussed in Note 11 and Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, effective December 3, 2005, the Company adopted the provision of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment, and Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 108, Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in the Current Year Financial Statements . 

 /s/
KPMG LLP 
Mountain View, California 
January 24, 2008 

QuickLinks 
 
 EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 a2181848zex-31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 

 I, Shantanu Narayen, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Adobe Systems Incorporated;
 2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 4. The
registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
 (b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
 (c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 (d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
 
 5. The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 (b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: January 24, 2008 
 
 /s/ SHANTANU NARAYEN Shantanu Narayen President and Chief
Executive Officer 

QuickLinks 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 a2181848zex-31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 

I,
Mark Garrett, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Adobe Systems Incorporated;
 2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 4. The
registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
 (b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
 (c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 (d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
 
 5. The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 (b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: January 24, 2008 
 
 /s/ MARK GARRETT Mark Garrett Chief Financial
Officer 

QuickLinks 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 a2181848zex-32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 In connection with the Annual Report of Adobe Systems Incorporated (the "Registrant") on Form 10-K for the annual period ended
November 30, 2007 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Shantanu Narayen, certify, in accordance with Rule 13a-14(b) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) The
Report, to which this certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

 (2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Dated: January 24, 2008 
 
 /s/ SHANTANU NARAYEN Shantanu Narayen President and Chief Executive
Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request. 

 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to
be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made before or after the date of the
Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

QuickLinks 
 
 EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 a2181848zex-32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 In connection with the Annual Report of Adobe Systems Incorporated (the "Registrant") on Form 10-K for the annual period ended
November 30, 2007 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Mark Garrett, certify, in accordance with Rule 13a-14(b) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) The
Report, to which this certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

 (2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Dated: January 24, 2008 
 
 /s/ MARK GARRETT Mark Garrett Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request. 

 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to
be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made before or after the date of the
Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

QuickLinks 
 
 EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-100.INS>
 11
 adbe-20071217.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-100.INS>

<EX-100.SCH>
 12
 adbe-20071130.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-100.SCH>

<EX-100.CAL>
 13
 adbe-20071130_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-100.CAL>

<EX-100.LAB>
 14
 adbe-20071130_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-100.LAB>

<EX-100.PRE>
 15
 adbe-20071130_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-100.PRE>

