<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20080229_10-K_edgar_data_1389050_0000950129-08-001356.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2041563</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>599670</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>12048</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1106500</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950129-08-001356.hdr.sgml : 20080229
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20080229140226
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950129-08-001356
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20071231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20080229
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20080229

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EXTERRAN HOLDINGS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001389050
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EQUIPMENT RENTAL & LEASING, NEC [7359]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33666
		FILM NUMBER:		08654435

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1209 ORANGE STREET
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-335-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1209 ORANGE STREET
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19801

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Iliad Holdings, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070206

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 ICFEYJTT3R3WKM6uwbLNiEQ29hFgkekuapyk+GFhVpCxRYnWxldQi4PvNIn0OxxB
 /3Lfq4uwPw2a9Os2IN6b6Q==

 0000950129-08-001356.txt : 20080229

10-K
 1
 h54306e10vk.htm
 FORM 10-K - ANNUAL REPORT

e10vk 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND
 EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C.
 20549 

Form 10-K 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
 from to . 

Commission file
 no. 001-33666 

Exterran Holdings,
 Inc. 

(Exact name of registrant as
 specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation or Organization) 

74-3204509 
 (I.R.S. Employer
 Identification No.) 

4444
 Brittmoore Road, Houston, Texas 77041 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices, zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

(713) 335-7000 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
 Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Name of Each Exchange in Which Registered 

Common Stock, .01 par value

New York Stock Exchange

Securities
 registered pursuant to 12(g) of the Act: 
 Title of class: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
 seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
 Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
 reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
 Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
 all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
 was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
 subject to such filing requirements for the past
 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
 pursuant to Item 405 of
 Regulation S-K 
 is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
 of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or
 information statements incorporated by reference in
 Part III of this
 Form 10-K 
 or any amendment to this
 Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
 accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated
 filer and smaller reporting company in
 Rule 12b-2 
 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated
 filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Non-accelerated
 filer 

Smaller reporting
 company 

(Do not check if a smaller
 reporting company)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
 (as defined in
 Rule 12b-2 
 of the Exchange
 Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant
 held by non-affiliates as of June 29, 2007 was
 1,391,720,028. For purposes of this disclosure, common stock
 held by persons who hold more than 5 of the outstanding voting
 shares and common stock held by executive officers and directors
 of the registrant have been excluded in that such persons may be
 deemed to be affiliates as that term is defined
 under the rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities
 Act of 1933, as amended. This determination of affiliate status
 is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other
 purposes. With respect to persons holding more that 5 of our
 outstanding voting shares and common stock, we have relied upon
 statements filed by such persons on or prior to June 30,
 2007 pursuant to Section 13(d) or 13(g) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Number of shares of the common stock of the registrant
 outstanding as of February 20, 2008: 65,306,421 shares.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement for
 the 2008 Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2008, which is
 expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 within 120 days after December 31, 2007, are
 incorporated by reference into Part III of this
 Form 10-K. 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

TABLE OF
 CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 

4

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

19

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

26

Item 2. 

Properties 

27

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

27

Item 4. 

Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
 Holders 

28

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
 Securities 

28

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data 

31

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

34

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
 Market Risk 

55

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

56

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
 Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

56

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

56

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

57

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
 Governance 

59

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

59

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
 and Management and 
 Related Stockholder Matters 

59

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
 and Director Independence 

60

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

60

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

61

SIGNATURES 

65

Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Supplemental Savings Plan 
 Annual Performance Pay Plan 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Notice 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Notice 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Notice 
 Form of Grant of Unit Appreciation Rights 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Certification of CEO Pursuant to Section 302 
 Certification of CFO Pursuant to Section 302 
 Certification of CEO Pursuant to Section 906 
 Certification of CFO Pursuant to Section 906 

2

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report contains forward-looking statements 
 intended to qualify for the safe harbors from liability
 established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact
 contained in this report are forward-looking statements within
 the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934, as amended, including, without limitation, statements
 regarding our business growth strategy and projected costs;
 future financial position; the sufficiency of available cash
 flows to fund continuing operations; the expected amount of our
 capital expenditures; anticipated cost savings, future revenue,
 gross margin and other financial or operational measures related
 to our business and our primary business segments; the future
 value of our equipment; and plans and objectives of our
 management for our future operations. You can identify many of
 these statements by looking for words such as
 believes, expects, intends, 
 projects, anticipates, 
 estimates or similar words or the negative thereof.

Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and
 uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
 materially from those anticipated as of the date of this report.
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these
 forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions,
 no assurance can be given that these expectations will prove to
 be correct.

These forward-looking statements are also affected by the risk
 factors described below in Part I, Item 1A. Risk
 Factors, and those set forth from time to time in our
 filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 SEC ), which are available through our website at
 www.exterran.com and through the SEC s Electronic
 Data Gathering and Retrieval System EDGAR at
 www.sec.gov . Important factors that could cause our
 actual results to differ materially from the expectations
 reflected in these forward-looking statements include, among
 other things:

conditions in the oil and natural gas industry, including a
 sustained decrease in the level of supply or demand for natural
 gas and the impact on the price of oil and natural gas, which
 could cause a decline in the demand for our compression,
 production and processing equipment and services;

reduced profit margins or the loss of market share resulting
 from competition or the introduction of competing technologies
 by other companies;

the success of our subsidiaries, including Exterran Partners,
 L.P.;

our inability to realize the anticipated benefits from the
 merger of Hanover Compressor Company and Universal Compression
 Holdings, Inc.;

changes in economic or political conditions in the countries in
 which we do business, including civil uprisings, riots,
 terrorism, kidnappings, the taking of property without fair
 compensation and legislative changes;

changes in currency exchange rates;

the inherent risks associated with our operations, such as
 equipment defects, malfunctions and natural disasters;

our ability to timely and cost-effectively obtain components
 necessary to conduct our business;

employment workforce factors, including our ability to hire,
 train and retain key employees;

our inability to implement certain business and financial
 objectives, such as:

international expansion;

sale of additional U.S. contract operations contracts and
 assets to Exterran Partners, L.P.;

timely and cost-effective execution of integrated projects;

integrating acquired businesses;

3

Table of Contents 

generating sufficient cash; and

accessing the capital markets;

liability related to the use of our products and services;

changes in governmental safety, health, environmental and other
 regulations, which could require us to make significant
 expenditures; and

our level of indebtedness and ability to fund our business.

All forward-looking statements included in this report are based
 on information available to us on the date of this report.
 Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to
 publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether
 as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All
 subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements
 attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly
 qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements
 contained throughout this report.

Item 1. 

Business 

We were incorporated on February 2, 2007 as Iliad Holdings,
 Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Universal Compression
 Holdings, Inc. Universal ), and thereafter changed
 our name to Exterran Holdings, Inc. On August 20, 2007, in
 accordance with their previously announced merger agreement,
 Universal and Hanover Compressor Company Hanover merged into our wholly-owned subsidiaries. As a result of the
 merger, we became the parent entity of Universal and Hanover.
 Hanover was determined to be the acquirer for accounting
 purposes and, therefore, our financial statements reflect
 Hanover s historical results for periods prior to the
 merger date. We have included the financial results of
 Universal s operations in our financial statements
 beginning August 20, 2007. As a result of the merger
 between Hanover and Universal, each outstanding share of common
 stock of Universal was converted into one share of Exterran
 common stock and each outstanding share of Hanover common stock
 was converted into 0.325 shares of Exterran common stock.
 All share and per share amounts in this report have been
 retroactively adjusted to reflect the conversion ratio of
 Hanover common stock for all periods presented.

References to our, we and us 
 when used in this report refer to Hanover and its subsidiaries
 for periods prior to the merger date and to Exterran Holdings,
 Inc. and its subsidiaries Exterran for periods on
 or after the merger date. References to North
 America when used in this report refer to the United
 States of America U.S. and Canada. References to
 International and variations thereof when used in
 this report refer to the world excluding North America. For more
 information regarding the merger, see Note 2 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV,
 Item 15 Financial Statements of this report.

General 

We are a global market leader in the full service natural gas
 compression business and a premier provider of operations,
 maintenance, service and equipment for oil and natural gas
 production, processing and transportation applications. We
 operate in three primary business lines: contract operations,
 fabrication and aftermarket services. In our contract operations
 business line, we own a fleet of natural gas compression and
 crude oil and natural gas production processing equipment that
 we utilize to provide outsourcing services to our customers. In
 our fabrication business line, we fabricate and sell equipment
 that is similar to the equipment that we own and utilize to
 provide contract operations to our customers. Also within our
 fabrication business line, we build equipment for our contract
 operations fleet. In our aftermarket services line of business,
 we sell parts and components and provide operations,
 maintenance, overhaul and reconfiguration services to customers
 who own compression, production, gas treating and oilfield power
 generation equipment or use equipment provided by companies
 other than us. In addition, we provide power generation services
 as a complement to our services. In what we call Total
 Solutions projects, we provide the engineering design,
 project management, procurement and construction services
 necessary to consolidate some or all of our products into
 complete production and processing facilities. In addition, we
 manufacture critical process equipment utilized in oil
 refineries, petrochemical plants and gas-to-liquids plants.
 Finally, we provide engineering, procurement and

4

Table of Contents 

construction services for tank farms for crude oil and other
 liquids storage, as well as evaporators and brine heaters for
 desalination plants.

Subsequent to the merger between Hanover and Universal, we
 evaluated our management process for analyzing the performance
 of our operations. We have changed our segment reporting in
 accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
 principles in order to enable investors to view our operations
 in a manner similar to the way management does. Our Fabrication
 segment previously reported three product lines: Compressor and
 Accessory Fabrication, Production and Processing
 Fabrication Surface Equipment and Production and
 Processing Fabrication Belleli. We also renamed
 three of our segments as follows: U.S. Rentals is now
 referred to as North America Contract Operations; International
 Rentals is now referred to as International Contract Operations;
 and Parts, Service and Used Equipment is now referred to as
 Aftermarket Services. North America Contract Operations includes
 U.S. and Canada contract operations. The changes in our
 reportable segments, including the reclassification on the
 consolidated statements of operations of the related revenues
 and costs of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization),
 have been made to all periods presented within this report.

In addition, we reclassified our used equipment sales to report
 these transactions within other income and expense and
 reclassified installation sales from Aftermarket Services to our
 Fabrication segment. Additionally, we reclassified our supply
 chain department to include it as part of cost of sales rather
 than a component of selling, general and administrative expense.
 We have made these reclassifications to all periods presented
 within this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K. 

We operated a fleet of 11,676 natural gas compression units in
 North America having an aggregate capacity of approximately
 4,514,000 horsepower at December 31, 2007. In addition, we
 operated 1,271 of our units internationally with an aggregate
 capacity of approximately 1,447,000 horsepower at
 December 31, 2007. As of December 31, 2007,
 approximately 76 of our natural gas compression horsepower was
 located in North America.

Our products and services are essential to the production,
 processing, transportation and storage of natural gas and are
 provided primarily to energy producers and distributors of oil
 and natural gas. Our geographic business unit operating
 structure, technically experienced personnel and high-quality
 contract operations fleet allow us to provide reliable and
 timely customer service.

As a result of the merger, we became the indirect majority owner
 of Exterran Partners, L.P. (along with its subsidiaries, the
 Partnership ). The Partnership is a master limited
 partnership that was formed to provide natural gas contract
 operations services to customers throughout the U.S. In
 October 2006, the Partnership completed its initial public
 offering, as a result of which the common units owned by the
 public represented a 49 limited partner ownership interest in
 the Partnership and Universal owned the remaining equity
 interest in the Partnership.

The general partner of the Partnership is our subsidiary and we
 consolidate the financial position and results of operations of
 the Partnership. It is our intention for the Partnership to be
 our primary growth vehicle for our U.S. contract operations
 business and for us to continue to contribute U.S. contract
 operations customer contracts and assets to the Partnership over
 time in exchange for cash and additional interests in the
 Partnership. As of December 31, 2007, the Partnership had a
 fleet of approximately 1,720 compressor units comprising
 approximately 723,000 horsepower, or 16 (by available
 horsepower) of our and the Partnership s combined total
 U.S. horsepower. For more information regarding the
 Partnership, see Note 2 to the Financial Statements.

On August 20, 2007, in connection with the merger, we
 completed a refinancing of much of the outstanding debt of
 Hanover and Universal by entering into two new debt facilities.
 We entered into a 1.65 billion senior secured credit
 facility, consisting of an 850 million five-year revolving
 line of credit and an 800 million six-year term loan, with
 a syndicate of financial institutions, as well as a
 1.0 billion asset-backed securitization facility. As a
 result of these new debt facilities, substantially all of the
 debt of Universal and Hanover that existed on the merger date
 has been replaced, other than Hanover s convertible debt
 securities and the credit

5

Table of Contents 

facility of the Partnership. For more information regarding the
 refinancing, including a summary of the debt extinguishment
 charges, see Note 11 to the Financial Statements.

Industry
 Overview 

Natural
 Gas Compression 

Natural gas compression is a mechanical process whereby the
 pressure of a given volume of natural gas is increased to a
 desired higher pressure for transportation from one point to
 another; compression is essential to the production and
 transportation of natural gas. Compression is typically required
 several times during the natural gas production and
 transportation cycle, including: (1) at the wellhead;
 (2) throughout gathering and distribution systems;
 (3) into and out of processing and storage facilities; and
 (4) along intrastate and interstate pipelines.

Wellhead and Gathering Systems Natural gas
 compression that is used to transport natural gas from the
 wellhead through the gathering system is considered field
 compression. Compression at the wellhead is utilized
 because, at some point during the life of natural gas wells,
 reservoir pressures typically fall below the line pressure of
 the natural gas gathering or pipeline system used to transport
 the natural gas to market. At that point, natural gas no longer
 naturally flows into the pipeline. Compression equipment is
 applied in both field and gathering systems to boost the
 pressure levels of the natural gas flowing from the well
 allowing it to be transported to market. Changes in pressure
 levels in natural gas fields require periodic changes to the
 size and/or 
 type of
 on-site 
 compression equipment. Additionally, compression is used to
 reinject natural gas into producing oil wells to maintain
 reservoir pressure and help lift liquids to the surface, which
 is known as secondary oil recovery or natural gas lift
 operations. Typically, these applications require, low- to
 mid-range horsepower compression equipment located at or near
 the wellhead. Compression equipment is also used to increase the
 efficiency of a low-capacity natural gas field by providing a
 central compression point from which the natural gas can be
 produced and injected into a pipeline for transmission to
 facilities for further processing. In an effort to reduce costs
 for wellhead operators, operators of gathering systems tend to
 keep the pressure of the gathering systems low. As a result,
 more pressure, and therefore, more compression is often needed
 to force the natural gas from the low pressure gathering systems
 into the higher pressure pipelines that transport large volumes
 of natural gas over long distances to end-users.

Pipeline Transportation Systems Natural gas
 compression that is used during the transportation of natural
 gas from the gathering systems to storage or the end user is
 referred to as pipeline compression. Natural gas
 transported through a pipeline loses pressure over the length of
 the pipeline. Compression is staged along the pipeline to
 increase capacity and boost pressure to overcome the friction
 and hydrostatic losses inherent in normal operations. These
 pipeline applications generally require larger horsepower
 compression equipment (1,000 horsepower and higher).

Storage Facilities Natural gas compression is
 used in natural gas storage projects for injection and
 withdrawals during the normal operational cycles of these
 facilities.

Processing Applications Compressors may also
 be used in combination with natural gas production and
 processing equipment and to process natural gas into more
 marketable energy sources. In addition, compression services are
 used for compression applications in refineries and
 petrochemical plants.

Natural gas producers, transporters and processors historically
 owned and maintained most of the compression equipment used in
 their operations. Over the past two decades, many producers,
 transporters and processors have increasingly outsourced their
 compression services due to the benefits and flexibility of
 contract compression. Changing well and pipeline pressures and
 conditions over the life of a well often require producers to
 reconfigure or replace their compressor units to optimize the
 well production or gathering system efficiency.

6

Table of Contents 

We believe outsourcing compression operations to compression
 service providers such as us offers customers:

the ability to efficiently meet their changing compression needs
 over time while limiting the underutilization of their existing
 compression equipment;

access to the compression service provider s specialized
 personnel and technical skills, including engineers and field
 service and maintenance employees, which generally leads to
 improved production rates
 and/or 
 increased throughput;

the ability to increase their profitability by transporting or
 producing a higher volume of natural gas through decreased
 compression downtime and reduced operating, maintenance and
 equipment costs by allowing the compression service provider to
 efficiently manage their compression needs; and

the flexibility to deploy their capital on projects more
 directly related to their primary business by reducing their
 compression equipment and maintenance capital requirements.

The international compression market is comprised primarily of
 large horsepower compressors. A significant portion of this
 market involves comprehensive installation projects, which
 include the design, fabrication, delivery, installation,
 operation and maintenance of compressors and related natural gas
 treatment and processing equipment by the contract operations
 service provider.

Production
 and Processing Equipment 

Crude oil and natural gas are generally not marketable as
 produced at the wellhead and must be processed or treated before
 they can be transported to market. Production and processing
 equipment is used to separate and treat oil and natural gas as
 it is produced to achieve a marketable quality of product.
 Production processing typically involves the separation of oil
 and natural gas and the removal of contaminants. The end result
 is pipeline or sales quality oil and
 natural gas. Further processing or refining is almost always
 required before oil or natural gas is suitable for use as fuel
 or feedstock for petrochemical production. Production processing
 normally takes place in the upstream and
 midstream markets, while refining and petrochemical
 processing is referred to as the downstream market.
 Wellhead or upstream production and processing equipment
 includes a wide and diverse range of products.

The standard production and processing equipment market tends to
 be somewhat commoditized, with sales following general industry
 trends. Equipment can be built for inventory based on historical
 product mix and predicted industry activity. The custom
 equipment market is driven by global economic and political
 trends, and the type of equipment that is purchased can vary
 significantly. Technology, engineering capabilities, project
 management and quality control standards are the key drivers in
 the custom equipment market.

Market
 Conditions 

We believe that the fundamental force driving the demand for
 natural gas compression and production and processing equipment
 is the growing global consumption of natural gas and its
 byproducts. As more natural gas is consumed, the demand for
 compression and production and processing equipment increases.
 In addition, we expect the demand for natural gas and natural
 gas byproducts to continue to increase and result in additional
 demand for compression and production and processing equipment
 and related services.

Although natural gas has historically been a more significant
 source of energy in the U.S. than in the rest of the world,
 the U.S. Energy Information Administration
 EIA reports that natural gas consumption outside
 of North America grew over 40 from 1997 through 2006. Despite
 this growth in energy demand, most international energy markets
 have historically lacked the infrastructure necessary to either
 transport natural gas to markets or consume it locally; thus,
 natural gas historically has often been flared at the wellhead.
 Given increasing worldwide demand, recent technology advances,
 including liquefied natural gas (or LNG) and gas-to-liquids,
 which make the transportation of natural gas without pipelines
 more economical, environmental legislation prohibiting flaring,
 and the construction of numerous natural gas-fueled power plants
 built to meet international energy demand, we believe that
 demand for natural gas infrastructure, including demand for the
 products and services we offer, in international markets is
 experiencing growth.

7

Table of Contents 

While natural gas compression and production and processing
 equipment typically must be engineered to high specifications to
 meet unique customer specifications, the fundamental technology
 of such equipment has not been subject to significant change.

Natural gas consumption in the U.S. for the eleven months
 ended November 30, 2007 increased by approximately 6 over
 the eleven months ended November 30, 2006 and is expected
 to increase by 0.7 per year until 2030, according to the EIA.
 We believe the outlook for natural gas compression in the
 U.S. will continue to benefit from aging producing natural
 gas fields that will require more compression to continue
 producing the same volume of natural gas, and from increasing
 production from unconventional sources, including coal beds,
 shales and tight sands, which generally require more compression
 than has been required for production from conventional sources.
 Recently, the smaller horsepower segments of our compression
 fleet have experienced some weakness due to shifts in market
 demands, including more demand for higher horsepower compression.

Natural gas consumption in areas outside the U.S. is
 projected to increase by 2.9 per year until 2030, according to
 the EIA. We believe this increase in consumption will positively
 impact the market for natural gas compression in areas outside
 the U.S. as infrastructure will need to be built to
 accommodate such growth. Additionally, we believe fabrication of
 production and processing equipment will need to increase over
 time to support the infrastructure required to meet this
 increasing demand.

Operations 

Business
 Segments 

Our revenues and income are derived from four business segments:

North America Contract Operations. Our North
 America Contract Operations segment primarily provides natural
 gas compression and production and processing services to meet
 specific customer requirements utilizing Exterran-owned assets
 within the U.S. and Canada.

International Contract Operations. Our
 International Contract Operations segment provides substantially
 the same services as our North America Contract Operations
 segment except it services locations outside the U.S. and
 Canada.

Aftermarket Services. Our Aftermarket Services
 segment provides a full range of services to support the surface
 production and processing needs of customers and normal
 maintenance services to full operation of a customer s
 owned assets. Additionally, within our Aftermarket Services
 segment, we sell parts to customers who service their own
 equipment.

Fabrication. Our fabrication segment involves
 the design, engineering, installation, fabrication and sale of
 (i) natural gas compression units and accessories,
 (ii) production and processing equipment to meet standard
 or unique customer specifications and (iii) equipment used
 in the production, treating and processing of crude oil and
 natural gas. Our fabrication segment also provides engineering,
 procurement and construction services primarily related to the
 manufacturing of critical process equipment for refinery and
 petrochemical facilities, the construction of tank farms and the
 construction of evaporators and brine heaters for desalination
 plants.

For financial data relating to our business segments or
 geographic regions that accounted for 10 or more of
 consolidated revenue in any of the last three fiscal years, see
 Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations and Note 21 to the Financial Statements.

8

Table of Contents 

Compressor
 Fleet 

The size and horsepower of our compressor fleet on
 December 31, 2007 is summarized in the following table.

Number 

Aggregate 

of 

Range of Horsepower Per Unit 

of Units 

Horsepower 

Horsepower 

(In thousands, except percentage) 

0 200

6,413

676

11.3 

201 500

2,752

851

14.2 

501 800

1,000

619

10.4 

801 1,100

762

737

12.4 

1,101 1,500

1,516

2,036

34.2 

1,501 4,750

504

1,042

17.5 

Total

12,947

5,961

100.0 

Over the last several years, we have undertaken efforts to
 standardize our compressor fleets around major components and
 key suppliers. The standardization of our fleet:

enables us to minimize our fleet operating costs and maintenance
 capital requirements;

enables us to reduce inventory costs;

facilitates low-cost compressor resizing; and

allows us to develop improved technical proficiency in our
 maintenance and overhaul operations, which enables us to achieve
 high run-time rates while maintaining low operating costs.

Contract
 Operations 

We provide comprehensive contract operations services, which
 include our provision at the customer s location of our
 personnel, equipment, tools, materials and supplies necessary to
 provide the amount of natural gas compression, production or
 processing service for which the customer has contracted. Based
 on the operating specifications at the customer s location
 and the customer s unique compression needs, these services
 include designing, sourcing, owning, installing, operating,
 servicing, repairing and maintaining equipment to provide
 compression and other services to our customers. When providing
 contract compression services, we work closely with a
 customer s field service personnel so that the compression
 services can be adjusted to efficiently match changing
 characteristics of the reservoir and the natural gas produced.
 We routinely repackage or reconfigure a portion of our existing
 fleet to adapt to our customers compression services
 needs. We utilize both slow and high speed reciprocating
 compressors driven either by internal combustion engines or
 electric motors. We also utilize rotary screw compressors for
 specialized applications.

Our equipment is maintained in accordance with daily, weekly,
 monthly and annual maintenance schedules. These maintenance
 procedures are updated as technology changes and as our
 operations group develops new techniques and procedures. In
 addition, because our field technicians provide maintenance on
 our contract operations equipment, they are familiar with the
 condition of our equipment and can readily identify potential
 problems. In our experience, these maintenance procedures
 maximize equipment life and unit availability and minimize
 avoidable downtime. Generally, each of our compressor units
 undergoes a major overhaul once every three to six years,
 depending on the type and size of the compressor unit. A major
 overhaul involves the rebuilding of the unit to materially
 extend its economic useful life or to enhance the unit s
 ability to fulfill broader or different contract compression
 applications.

We also provide services similar to the contract compression
 services described above with respect to natural gas production
 and processing equipment. Typically, these services involve some
 or all of the equipment that we offer to our customers,
 including compression. We refer to the projects that combine
 more than one of our services or products into a natural gas
 solution for our customers as Total Solutions 
 projects.

9

Table of Contents 

We believe that our fabrication and aftermarket services
 businesses, described below, provide us with opportunities to
 cross-sell our contract operations services.

We and our customers typically contract for our services on a
 site-by-site, 
 basis. We have standard contract operations contracts and fixed
 monthly rates, which may be modified through negotiations. At
 the end of the initial term, contract operations services can
 continue on a month-to-month basis until terminated by either
 party within 30 days advance notice. Our customers
 generally are required to pay our monthly fee even during
 periods of limited or disrupted natural gas flows, which
 enhances the stability and predictability of our cash flows.
 Additionally, because we do not take title to the natural gas we
 compress, process or treat and because the natural gas we use as
 fuel for our compressors is supplied by our customers, we have
 limited direct exposure to commodity price fluctuations.

As of December 31, 2007, we operated a North American fleet
 of 11,676 compressor units comprising approximately 4,514,000
 horsepower. For the year ended December 31, 2007, 22 of
 our total revenue was generated from North America contract
 operations.

We maintain field service locations in the natural gas producing
 regions of the U.S. and Canada from which we can service
 and overhaul our own compressor fleet to provide contract
 operations services to our customers. At many of these
 locations, we also provide aftermarket services to our
 customers, as described in more detail below.

As of December 31, 2007, we operated 1,271 compressor units
 comprising approximately 1,447,000 horsepower in international
 markets. For the year ended December 31, 2007, 13 of our
 total revenue was generated from international contract
 operations.

Our international operations are focused on markets that require
 both large horsepower compressor applications and full
 production and processing facilities. The projects in our
 international contract operations segment typically involve
 longer-term and more comprehensive service projects than our
 North America projects. International projects often require us
 to provide complete engineering, design and installation
 services and more investment in facilities and installation, and
 may involve larger amounts of horsepower. These larger
 facilities can include several compressor units on one site or
 entire facilities designed to process and treat natural gas to
 make it suitable for end use.

Aftermarket
 Services 

Our aftermarket services segment sells parts and components and
 provides operation, maintenance, overhaul and reconfiguration
 services to customers who own compression, production, treating
 and oilfield power generation equipment or use equipment
 provided by other companies. We believe that we are particularly
 well qualified to provide these services because our highly
 experienced operating personnel have access to the full range of
 our compression services, production and processing equipment
 and oilfield power generation equipment and facilities. For the
 year ended December 31, 2007, 11 of our total revenue was
 generated from aftermarket services.

Fabrication 

Compressor
 and Accessory Fabrication 

We design, engineer, fabricate and sell skid-mounted natural gas
 compression units and accessories to meet standard or unique
 customer specifications. We sell this compression equipment
 primarily to major and independent oil and natural gas producers
 as well as national oil and natural gas companies in the
 countries in which we operate.

Generally, compressors sold to third parties are assembled
 according to each customer s specifications. We purchase
 components for these compressors from third party suppliers,
 many of which are original equipment manufacturer
 representatives, including several major engine, compressor and
 electric motor manufacturers in the industry. We also sell
 prepackaged compressor units designed to Exterran standard
 specifications. For the

10

Table of Contents 

year ended December 31, 2007, 24 of our total revenue was
 generated from our compressor and accessory fabrication business
 line.

As of December 31, 2007, we had a compressor and accessory
 fabrication backlog of 321.9 million, compared to
 325.1 million at December 31, 2006. At
 December 31, 2007, approximately 4.9 million of
 future revenue related to our compressor and accessory
 fabrication backlog was expected to be recognized after
 December 31, 2008.

Production
 and Processing Equipment Fabrication 

We design, engineer, fabricate and sell a broad range of oil and
 natural gas production and processing equipment designed to
 heat, separate, dehydrate and condition crude oil and natural
 gas to make such products suitable for end use. Our products
 include line heaters, oil and natural gas separators, glycol
 dehydration units, dewpoint control plants, water treatment,
 mechanical refrigeration and cryogenic plants and skid-mounted
 production packages designed for both onshore and offshore
 production facilities. We sell standard production
 and processing equipment primarily into U.S. markets, which
 is used for processing wellhead production from onshore or
 shallow-water offshore platform production. In addition, we sell
 custom-engineered, built-to-specification production and
 processing equipment, which typically consists of much larger
 equipment packages than standard equipment, and is generally
 used in much larger scale production operations. These large
 projects tend to be in remote areas, such as deepwater offshore
 sites and in developing countries with limited oil and natural
 gas industry infrastructure. To meet most customers rapid
 response requirements and minimize customer downtime, we
 maintain a strategic inventory of standard products and long
 delivery components used to manufacture our customer
 specification products. We also provide engineering, procurement
 and construction services primarily related to the manufacturing
 of critical process equipment for refinery and petrochemical
 facilities and construction of tank farms and evaporators and
 brine heaters for desalination plants, primarily for use in
 Europe and the Middle East. For the year ended December 31,
 2007, 30 of our total revenue was generated from our production
 and processing equipment fabrication business line.

As of December 31, 2007, we had a production and processing
 equipment fabrication backlog of 787.6 million, compared
 to 482.5 million at December 31, 2006. Typically, we
 expect our production and processing equipment backlog to be
 produced within a three to thirty-six month period. At
 December 31, 2007, approximately 207.5 million of
 future revenue related to our production and processing
 equipment backlog was expected to be recognized after
 December 31, 2008.

Business
 Strategy 

We intend to continue to capitalize on our competitive strengths
 to meet our customers needs through the following key
 strategies:

Focus on core operations. We have built
 our leading market position through our strengths in
 comprehensive contract operations, compressor, production and
 processing equipment fabrication and aftermarket services. We
 are focusing our efforts on these businesses, improving our
 service delivery processes and streamlining operations in our
 core markets. We believe this focused approach will enable us to
 enhance our growth prospects and stockholder returns. In
 addition, we are actively pursuing improvements in our fleet
 utilization by prudently employing additional units and moving
 idle North America units into service in international markets.

Utilize the Partnership as our primary vehicle for the
 growth of our U.S. contract operations
 business. We intend for the Partnership to be
 the primary growth vehicle for our U.S. contract operations
 business. Because we believe the Partnership has a lower cost of
 capital due to its partnership structure, we intend to offer the
 Partnership the opportunity to purchase the remainder of our
 U.S. contract operations business over time. We believe
 that the Partnership provides us a competitive advantage in the
 U.S. because we believe it has a lower cost of capital.

11

Table of Contents 

Expand international
 presence. International markets continue to
 represent the greatest growth opportunity for our business. We
 believe that these markets are underserved in the area of the
 products and services we offer. In addition, we typically see
 higher returns in international markets relative to North
 America. We intend to allocate additional resources toward
 international markets, to open offices abroad, where
 appropriate, and to move idle units into service in
 international markets.

Continue to develop product lines. We
 intend to continue to develop and deliver products and services
 beyond comprehensive contract operations services and sale of
 compression, production, processing equipment and aftermarket
 services. Especially in international markets, we are seeing new
 opportunities driven more by our ability to deliver a total
 solution rather than just a single product. We believe that this
 will enable us to capitalize on and expand our existing client
 relationships and enhance our revenue and returns from each
 individual project.

Competitive
 Strengths 

We believe we have the following key competitive strengths:

Breadth of product and service
 offering. We believe that we are a leading
 company in our industry that offers outsourced compression,
 production and processing services, as well as the sale of
 compression and oil and natural gas production and processing
 equipment and installation services. For those customers that
 outsource, we believe our contract operations services generally
 allow our customers to achieve higher production rates than they
 would achieve with their own operations, resulting in increased
 revenue for our customers. In addition, outsourcing allows our
 customers flexibility with regard to their changing compression
 and production and processing needs while limiting their capital
 requirements. By offering a broad range of services that
 complement our strengths, we believe that we can provide
 comprehensive integrated global solutions to meet our
 customers oil and natural gas production and processing
 equipment and compression needs. We believe the breadth and
 quality of our services and compressor fleet, the depth of our
 customer relationships and our presence in many major natural
 gas-producing regions place us in a position to capture
 additional business on a global basis.

Leading position in high horsepower
 compression. High horsepower compression,
 composed of units with greater than 1,000 horsepower, is the
 largest portion of our fleet, based on horsepower. We believe we
 are a leading provider of these units, which are typically
 installed on larger wells, gathering systems and processing and
 treating facilities. The scale and more attractive unit
 economics of these applications and facilities generally
 insulate them from declining commodity prices. As a result,
 compressors in this segment tend to realize higher utilization
 rates.

Focus on providing superior customer
 service. We have adopted a geographical
 business region concept and utilize a decentralized management
 and operating structure to provide superior customer service in
 a relationship-driven, service-intensive industry. We believe
 that our regionally-based network, local presence, experience
 and in-depth knowledge of customers operating needs and
 growth plans enable us to effectively meet their evolving
 demands on a more timely basis. Our sales efforts concentrate on
 demonstrating our commitment to enhancing the customer s
 cash flow through superior customer service, product design,
 fabrication, installation and after-market support.

Size and geographic scope. We operate
 in the primary onshore and offshore natural gas producing
 regions of North America and other international markets. As a
 leading provider of natural gas compression services, we believe
 we have sufficient fleet size, personnel, logistical
 capabilities, geographic scope, fabrication capabilities and
 range of compression service and product offerings to meet the
 full service needs of our customers in the North America and
 international markets we serve on a timely and cost-effective
 basis. We believe our size, geographic scope and broad customer
 base reduce our volatility and provide us with improved fleet
 utilization opportunities. By increasing our fleet utilization,
 we are able to improve our operating leverage and increase
 returns. As a result, due to economies of scale, we believe we
 have relatively lower operating costs and higher margins than
 most companies with smaller fleets.

12

Table of Contents 

Ability to leverage the Partnership. We
 believe that the Partnership provides us a lower cost of capital
 through which we can pursue additional contract operations
 business in the U.S. Through the Partnership, we will
 attempt to increase the amount of U.S. compression services
 that is outsourced.

Oil and
 Natural Gas Industry Cyclicality and Volatility 

The financial performance of our contract operations business is
 generally less affected by short-term market cycles and oil and
 natural gas price volatility than the financial performance of
 our fabrication operations and other companies operating in the
 oilfield services industry because:

compression, production and processing services are necessary
 for natural gas to be delivered from the wellhead to end users;

the need for compression services and equipment has grown over
 time due to the increased production of natural gas and the
 natural pressure decline of natural gas producing
 basins; and

our contract operations businesses are tied primarily to natural
 gas production and consumption, which are generally less
 cyclical in nature than exploration activities.

In addition, we have a broad customer base and we operate in
 diverse geographic regions. While compressors often must be
 specifically engineered or reconfigured to meet the unique
 demands of our customers, the fundamental technology of
 compression equipment has not experienced significant
 technological change.

Seasonal
 Fluctuations 

Our results of operations have not historically reflected any
 material seasonal tendencies and we currently do not believe
 that seasonal fluctuations will have a material impact on us in
 the foreseeable future.

Market
 and Customers 

Our global customer base consists primarily of companies engaged
 in all aspects of the oil and natural gas industry, including
 large integrated oil and natural gas companies, national oil and
 natural gas companies, independent producers and natural gas
 processors, gatherers and pipelines.

Our contract operations and sales activities are conducted
 throughout the continental U.S., internationally and in offshore
 operations. We currently operate in approximately 35 countries
 in major oil and natural gas producing areas including the U.S.,
 Argentina, Venezuela, Brazil, Italy and the United Arab
 Emirates. We have fabrication facilities in the U.S., Canada,
 Italy, Singapore, the United Arab Emirates and the United
 Kingdom. As of December 31, 2007, equipment representing
 approximately 24 of our aggregate compressor fleet horsepower
 was being used in international applications.

Sales and
 Marketing 

Our salespeople pursue the market for our products in their
 respective territories. Each salesperson is assigned a customer
 list or territory on the basis of the experience and personal
 relationships of the salesperson and the individual service
 requirements of the customer. This customer and
 relationship-focused strategy is communicated through frequent
 direct contact, technical presentations, print literature, print
 advertising and direct mail. Additionally, our salespeople
 coordinate with each other to effectively pursue customers who
 operate in multiple regions. Our salespeople maintain contact
 with our operations personnel in order to promptly respond to
 and satisfy customer needs. Our sales efforts concentrate on
 demonstrating our commitment to enhancing the customer s
 cash flow through superior customer service, product design,
 fabrication, installation and after-market support.

Upon receipt of a request for proposal or bid by a customer, we
 analyze the application and prepare a quotation, including
 pricing and delivery date. The quotation is then delivered to
 the customer and, if we are selected as the vendor, final terms
 are agreed upon and a contract or purchase order is executed.
 Our engineering and operations personnel also provide assistance
 on complex applications, field operations issues or equipment
 modifications.

13

Table of Contents 

Sources
 and Availability of Raw Materials 

We fabricate compression and production and processing equipment
 for use in providing contract operations services and for sale
 to third parties from components and subassemblies, most of
 which we acquire from a wide range of vendors. These components
 represent a significant portion of the cost of our compressor
 and production and processing equipment products. In addition,
 we fabricate critical process equipment for refinery and
 petrochemical facilities, tank farms and other vessels used in
 production, processing and treating of crude oil and natural
 gas. Steel is a commodity which can have wide price fluctuations
 and represents a significant portion of the raw materials for
 these products. Increases in raw material costs cannot always be
 offset by increases in our products sales prices. While
 many of our materials and components are available from multiple
 suppliers at competitive prices, some of the components used in
 our products are obtained from a limited group of suppliers. Due
 to the increase in demand for compression equipment over the
 past several years we have experienced long lead times for
 components from our suppliers and have made purchases in
 anticipation of future orders.

Competition 

The natural gas compression services and fabrication business is
 highly competitive. Overall, we experience considerable
 competition from companies who may be able to more quickly adapt
 to changes within our industry and changes in economic
 conditions as a whole, more readily take advantage of available
 opportunities and adopt more aggressive pricing policies. We
 believe that we compete effectively on the basis of price,
 customer service and flexibility in meeting customer needs and
 quality and reliability of our compressors and related services.
 We face vigorous competition in both compression services and
 compressor fabrication, with some firms competing in both
 segments. In our production and processing equipment business,
 we have different competitors in the standard and
 custom-engineered equipment markets. Competitors in the standard
 equipment market include several large companies and a large
 number of small, regional fabricators. Competition in the
 standard equipment market is generally based upon price and
 availability. Our competition in the custom-engineered market
 usually consists of larger companies that have the ability to
 provide integrated projects and product support after the sale.
 Increasingly, the ability to fabricate these large
 custom-engineered systems near the point of end-use is a major
 competitive advantage.

International
 Operations 

We operate in many geographic markets outside the U.S. At
 December 31, 2007, of the approximately
 1,447,000 horsepower of compression we had deployed
 internationally, approximately 91 was located in Latin America
 (primarily in Venezuela, Argentina, Mexico and Brazil). Changes
 in local economic or political conditions, particularly in
 Venezuela, Argentina and other parts of Latin America and
 Nigeria, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
 Additional risks inherent in our international business
 activities are described below in Risk Factors .

Our future plans involve expanding our business into
 international markets, including markets where we currently do
 not conduct business. The risks inherent in establishing new
 business ventures, especially in international markets where
 local customs, laws and business procedures present special
 challenges, may affect our ability to be successful in these
 ventures or avoid losses which could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

We have significant operations that expose us to currency risk
 in Argentina, Italy and Venezuela.

For financial data relating to our geographic concentrations,
 see Note 21 to the Financial Statements.

Cawthorne
 Channel Project 

We are involved in a project in the Cawthorne Channel in Nigeria
 (the Cawthorne Channel Project ), in which Global Gas
 and Refining Ltd., a Nigerian entity Global ), has
 contracted with an affiliate of Royal Dutch Shell plc
 Shell to process natural gas from some of
 Shell s Nigerian oil and natural gas fields. Pursuant to a
 contract between us and Global, we provide natural gas
 compression and natural gas processing

14

Table of Contents 

services from a barge-mounted facility we own that is stationed
 in a Nigerian coastal waterway. We completed the building of the
 required barge-mounted facility and our portion of the project
 was declared commercial by Global in November 2005. The contract
 runs for a ten-year period which commenced when the project was
 declared commercial, subject to a purchase option by Global,
 which is exercisable for the remainder of the term of the
 contract. Under the terms of a series of contracts between us,
 Global, Shell and several other counterparties, Global is
 primarily responsible for the overall project. The area in
 Nigeria where the Cawthorne Channel Project is located has
 experienced civil unrest and violence, and natural gas delivery
 from Shell to the Cawthorne Channel Project was stopped from
 June 2006 to June 2007. As a result, the Cawthorne Channel
 Project did not operate from early June 2006 to June 2007. From
 July 2007 through the end of 2007, we received some natural gas
 from Shell and we have been processing the natural gas received.

During the year ended December 31, 2007, we received
 approximately 4.5 million in payments, which we applied
 against outstanding receivables. Even though we believe we are
 entitled to payments from Global and have accordingly invoiced
 Global for such, collectibility is not reasonably assured due to
 uncertainty regarding when the Cawthorne Channel Project will
 receive natural gas from Shell and due to Global s
 dependence on natural gas production by the Cawthorne Channel
 Project to pay us. Therefore, we billed but did not recognize
 revenue of approximately 16.8 million related to the
 Cawthorne Channel Project during the year ended
 December 31, 2007. Based on our analysis of estimated
 future cash flows, we believe we will recover all of our
 receivables and our full investment in the Cawthorne Channel
 Project over the term of the contract.

However, if Shell does not provide natural gas to the project or
 if Shell were to terminate its contract with Global for any
 reason or if we were to terminate our involvement in the
 Cawthorne Channel Project, we would be required to find an
 alternative use for the barge facility, which could potentially
 result in an impairment and write-down of our investment and
 receivables related to this project and could have a material
 impact on our consolidated financial position or results of
 operation. Additionally, due to the environment in Nigeria and
 Global s capitalization level, inexperience with projects
 of a similar nature and lack of a successful track record with
 respect to this project as well as other factors, there is no
 assurance that Global can satisfy its obligations under its
 various contracts, including its contract with us.

This project and our other projects in Nigeria are subject to
 numerous risks and uncertainties associated with operating in
 Nigeria. For more information about those risks, see There
 are risks associated with our operations in Nigeria. Local
 unrest and violence in Nigeria have adversely affected our
 historical results and could result in possible impairment and
 write-downs of our assets in Nigeria if the political situation
 in Nigeria does not improve. included in Part I,
 Item 1A Risk Factors of this report. Any of
 these risks could adversely impact any of our operations in
 Nigeria, and could affect the timing and decrease the amount of
 revenue we may ultimately realize from our investments in
 Nigeria. At December 31, 2007, we had net assets of
 approximately 76 million related to projects in Nigeria, a
 majority of which are related to our capital investment and
 advances/accounts receivable for the Cawthorne Channel Project.

Government
 Regulation 

Our operations are subject to various federal, state, local and
 international laws and regulations relating to the environment
 and to occupational health and safety, including the regulation
 and permitting of air emissions, wastewater and storm water
 discharges and waste handling and disposal activities. From time
 to time as part of the regular overall evaluation of our
 operations, including newly acquired operations, we apply for or
 amend facility permits with respect to air emissions, wastewater
 or storm water discharges or waste handling, which subjects us
 to new or revised permitting conditions that may be onerous or
 costly to comply with. In addition, certain of our customer
 service arrangements may require us to operate, on behalf of a
 specific customer, petroleum storage units such as underground
 tanks, or pipelines and other regulated units, all of which may
 impose additional regulatory compliance and permitting
 obligations. Compliance with these environmental laws and
 regulations may expose us to significant costs and liabilities
 and cause us to incur significant capital expenditures in our
 operations. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations
 may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and
 criminal penalties, imposition of investigatory and remedial
 obligations, and the issuance of injunctions delaying or
 prohibiting operations. Moreover, as with any owner or operator
 of real property, we may be subject to
 clean-up 
 costs and liability for regulated substances or any

15

Table of Contents 

other toxic or hazardous wastes that may exist on or have been
 released from any of our properties. We believe that our
 operations are in substantial compliance with applicable
 environmental laws and regulations and that continued compliance
 with current requirements would not have a material adverse
 effect on us. However, the clear trend in environmental
 regulation is to place more restrictions on activities that may
 affect the environment, and thus, any changes in these laws and
 regulations that result in more stringent and costly waste
 handling, storage, transport, disposal or remediation
 requirements could have a material adverse effect on our results
 of operations and financial condition.

The primary federal environmental laws to which our operations
 are subject include the Clean Air Act and regulations
 thereunder, which regulate air emissions; the Clean Water Act
 and regulations thereunder, which regulate the discharge of
 pollutants in industrial wastewater and storm water runoff; the
 Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA and
 regulations thereunder, which regulate the management and
 disposal of solid and hazardous waste; and the federal
 Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and
 Liability Act CERCLA and regulations thereunder,
 known more commonly as Superfund, which imposes
 liability for the remediation of the releases of hazardous
 substances in the environment. We are also subject to regulation
 under the Occupational Safety and Health Act OSHA and regulations thereunder, which regulate the protection of the
 health and safety of workers. Analogous state laws and
 regulations may also apply.

The Clean Air Act and comparable state laws and regulations
 regulate emissions of air pollutants from various sources,
 including natural gas compressors, and also impose various
 monitoring and reporting requirements. Such laws and regulations
 may require a facility to obtain pre-approval for the
 construction or modification of certain projects or facilities
 expected to produce air emissions or result in the increase of
 existing air emission, obtain and strictly comply with air
 permits containing various emissions and operational
 limitations, or utilize specific emission control technologies
 to limit emissions. While our standard contract typically
 provides that the customer will assume the permitting
 responsibilities and environmental risks related to site
 operations, we have in some cases obtained air permits as the
 owner and operator of the compressors. Under most of our
 contract operations service agreements, our customers must
 indemnify us for certain losses or liabilities we may suffer as
 a result of the failure to comply with applicable environmental
 laws, including permit conditions. Increased obligations of
 operators to reduce air emissions of nitrogen oxides and other
 pollutants from internal combustion engines in transmission
 service are anticipated. For example, the Environmental
 Protection Agency EPA recently adopted rules,
 effective March 18, 2008, that establish emission standards
 for new spark ignition engines and require emission controls of
 certain new and existing stationary reciprocating engines that
 were excluded from previous regulation. We do not expect these
 recently adopted rules to have a material adverse effect on our
 operations or financial condition. Nevertheless, there can be no
 assurance that those rules, once effective, or any other new
 regulations requiring the installation of more sophisticated
 emission control equipment would not have a material adverse
 impact. In any event, we believe that in most cases these
 obligations would be allocated to our clients under our
 contracts. Moreover, we expect that such requirements would not
 have any more significant effect on our operations or financial
 condition than on any similarly situated company providing
 contract operations services.

The Clean Water Act and comparable state laws and regulations
 impose restrictions and strict controls with respect to the
 discharge of pollutants into state waters or waters of the
 United States. The discharge of pollutants into regulated waters
 is prohibited, except in accordance with the terms of a permit
 issued by the EPA or an analogous state agency. In addition, the
 Clean Water Act regulates storm water discharges associated with
 industrial activities depending on a facility s primary
 standard industrial classification. Many of our facilities on
 which we may store inactive compression units have applied for
 and obtained industrial wastewater discharge permits as well as
 sought coverage under local wastewater ordinances. In addition,
 many of those facilities have filed notices of intent for
 coverage under statewide storm water general permits and
 developed and implemented storm water pollution prevention
 plans, as required. Federal laws also require spill prevention,
 control, and countermeasures, including appropriate containment
 berms and similar structures to help prevent the contamination
 of navigable waters in the event of a petroleum hydrocarbon tank
 spill, rupture, or leak at such facilities.

The U.S. Congress is actively considering legislation to
 reduce emissions of greenhouse gases, including
 carbon dioxide and methane. In addition, at least 14 states
 have already taken legal measures to reduce

16

Table of Contents 

emissions of greenhouse gases. Also, as a result of the
 U.S. Supreme Court s decision on April 2, 2007 in
 Massachusetts, et al. v. EPA, the EPA must consider
 whether it is required to regulate greenhouse gas emissions from
 mobile sources (e.g., cars and trucks) even if Congress does not
 adopt new legislation addressing emissions of greenhouse gases.
 Passage of climate control legislation or other regulatory
 initiatives by Congress or various states of the U.S. or
 the adoption of regulations by the EPA or analogous state
 agencies that restrict emissions of greenhouse gases could
 result in increased compliance costs or additional operating
 restrictions, and could have a material adverse effect on our
 operations or financial condition.

The RCRA and comparable state laws and regulations govern the
 generation, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal and
 cleanup of hazardous and non-hazardous solid wastes. During the
 course of our operations, we generate wastes (including, but not
 limited to, used oil, antifreeze, filters, sludges, paints,
 solvents, and sandblast materials) in quantities regulated under
 RCRA. The EPA and various state agencies have limited the
 approved methods of disposal for these types of wastes. In
 addition, to the extent we operate underground tanks on behalf
 of specific customers, such operations may be regulated under
 RCRA.

CERCLA and comparable state laws and regulations impose strict,
 joint and several liability without regard to fault or the
 legality of the original conduct on classes of persons who are
 considered to be responsible for the release of a hazardous
 substance into the environment. These persons include the
 current or past owner or operator of the facility or disposal
 site where the release occurred and any company that
 transported, disposed of, or arranged for the transport or
 disposal of the hazardous substances released at the site. Under
 CERCLA, such persons may be subject to joint and several
 liability for the costs of cleaning up the hazardous substances
 that have been released into the environment, for damages to
 natural resources and for the costs of certain health studies.
 In addition, where contamination may be present, it is not
 uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to
 file claims for personal injury, property damage and recovery of
 response costs allegedly caused by hazardous substances or other
 pollutants released into the environment.

We currently own or lease, and in the past have owned or leased,
 a number of properties that have been used in support of our
 operations for a number of years. Although we have utilized
 operating and disposal practices that were standard in the
 industry at the time, hydrocarbons, hazardous substances, or
 other regulated wastes may have been disposed of or released on
 or under the properties owned or leased by us or on or under
 other locations where such materials have been taken for
 disposal by companies sub-contracted by us. In addition, many of
 these properties have been previously owned or operated by third
 parties whose treatment and disposal or release of hydrocarbons,
 hazardous substances or other regulated wastes was not under our
 control. These properties and the materials released or disposed
 thereon may be subject to CERCLA, RCRA and analogous state laws.
 Under such laws, we could be required to remove or remediate
 historical property contamination, or to perform certain
 operations to prevent future contamination. At one of our owned
 sites, we are currently working with the prior owner who has
 undertaken the full legal obligations to monitor and cleanup
 contamination at such site that occurred prior to our
 acquisition of this site. We are not currently under any order
 requiring that we undertake or pay for any
 clean-up 
 activities. However, we cannot provide any assurance that we
 will not receive any such order in the future.

We are subject to the requirements of OSHA and comparable state
 statutes. These laws and the implementing regulations strictly
 govern the protection of the health and safety of employees. The
 OSHA hazard communication standard, the EPA community
 right-to-know regulations under Title III of CERCLA and
 similar state statutes require that we organize
 and/or 
 disclose information about hazardous materials used or produced
 in our operations. We believe we are in substantial compliance
 with these requirements and with other OSHA and comparable
 requirements.

Our operations outside the U.S. are potentially subject to
 similar international governmental controls and restrictions
 pertaining to the environment and other regulated activities in
 the countries in which we operate. We believe our operations are
 in substantial compliance with existing international
 governmental controls and restrictions and that compliance with
 these international controls and restrictions has not had a
 material adverse effect on our operations. We cannot provide any
 assurance, however, that we will not incur significant costs to
 comply with these international controls and restrictions in the
 future.

17

Table of Contents 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2007, we had approximately
 10,700 employees, approximately 600 of whom are represented
 by labor unions. We believe that our relations with our
 employees are satisfactory.

Available
 Information 

Our website address is www.exterran.com . Our annual
 reports on
 Form 10-K, 
 quarterly reports on
 Form 10-Q, 
 current reports on
 Form 8-K 
 and amendments to those reports, as well as the corresponding
 reports of Hanover and Universal, are available on our website,
 without charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are
 filed electronically with the SEC. Information contained on our
 website is not incorporated by reference in this report or any
 of our other securities filings. Paper copies of our filings are
 also available, without charge, from Exterran Holdings, Inc.,
 4444 Brittmoore Road, Houston, Texas 77041, Attention: Investor
 Relations. Alternatively, the public may read and copy any
 materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public
 Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., 450 Fifth
 Street, NW, Washington, D.C. 20549. Information on the
 operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by
 calling the SEC at
 1-800-SEC-0330. 
 The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy
 and information statements and other information regarding
 issuers who file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s
 website address is www.sec.gov .

Additionally, we make available free of charge on our website:

our Code of Business Conduct;

our Corporate Governance Principles; and

the charters of our audit, compensation, and nominating and
 corporate governance committees.

18

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk
 Factors 

As described in the Disclosure Regarding
 Forward-Looking Statements, this report contains
 forward-looking statements regarding us, our business and our
 industry. The risk factors described below, among others, could
 cause our actual results to differ materially from the
 expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements. If any
 of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flows could be negatively
 impacted. 

The
 anticipated benefits of the merger of Hanover and Universal may
 not be realized. 

We expect the merger of Hanover and Universal to result in
 various benefits, including, among other things, annual
 synergies and cost savings of approximately 50 million and
 other operating efficiencies that cannot be quantified at this
 time. We may not achieve these benefits at the levels expected
 or at all. If we fail to achieve these expected benefits, the
 results of operations and the enterprise value of the combined
 company may be adversely affected. The 50 million of cost
 savings is in addition to the approximately 25 million in
 interest expense savings achieved based upon the completion of
 the debt refinancing and interest rate hedging activities in
 September 2007.

The
 integration of Hanover and Universal following the merger
 presents significant challenges that may reduce the anticipated
 potential benefits of the merger. 

We face significant challenges in consolidating functions and
 integrating the Hanover and Universal organizations, procedures
 and operations in a timely and efficient manner, as well as in
 retaining key personnel. The integration of Hanover and
 Universal will continue to be costly, complex and time-consuming
 due to the size and complexity of each organization. The
 principal challenges include the following:

integrating Hanover s and Universal s existing
 businesses;

combining diverse product and service offerings and sales and
 marketing approaches;

preserving customer, supplier and other important relationships
 and resolving potential conflicts that may arise as a result of
 the merger;

consolidating and integrating duplicative facilities and
 operations, including back-office systems such as Hanover s
 and Universal s different enterprise resource planning
 ERP systems; and

addressing differences in business cultures, preserving employee
 morale and retaining key employees, while maintaining focus on
 providing consistent, high quality customer service and meeting
 our operational and financial goals.

We are dedicating substantial cost and effort to integrate the
 businesses. These efforts could divert our focus and resources
 from other day-to-day tasks, corporate initiatives or strategic
 opportunities during the integration process.

We
 have a substantial amount of debt that could limit our ability
 to fund future growth and operations and increase our exposure
 during adverse economic conditions. 

At December 31, 2007, we had approximately
 2.3 billion in outstanding debt obligations. Factors
 beyond our control may affect our ability to make payments on
 our outstanding indebtedness. These factors include those
 discussed elsewhere in these Risk Factors and those
 listed in the Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking
 Statements section of this report.

Our substantial debt and associated commitments could have
 important adverse consequences. For example, these commitments
 could:

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our contractual
 obligations;

increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and
 industry conditions;

19

Table of Contents 

limit our ability to fund future working capital, capital
 expenditures, acquisitions or other corporate requirements;

increase our vulnerability to interest rate fluctuations because
 the interest payments on a portion of our debt are based upon
 variable interest rates and a portion can adjust based upon our
 credit statistics;

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes
 in our business and our industry;

place us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that have
 less debt; and

limit our ability to borrow additional funds.

We may
 be vulnerable to interest rate increases due to our floating
 rate debt obligations. 

As of December 31, 2007, after taking into consideration
 interest rate swaps, we had approximately 887 million of
 outstanding indebtedness subject to interest at floating rates.
 Changes in economic conditions outside of our control could
 result in higher interest rates, thereby increasing our interest
 expense and reducing the funds available for capital investment,
 operations or other purposes.

Our
 indebtedness imposes restrictions on us that may affect our
 ability to successfully operate our business. 

Our bank credit facilities, asset-backed securitization facility
 and the agreements governing certain of our indebtedness include
 covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to:

borrow money;

create liens;

make investments;

declare dividends or make certain distributions;

sell or dispose of property; or

merge into or consolidate with any third party or sell or
 transfer all or substantially all of our property.

These facilities and other agreements also require us to
 maintain various financial ratios. Such covenants may restrict
 our ability to expand or to pursue our business strategies. Our
 ability to comply with these and any other provisions of such
 agreements may be affected by changes in our operating and
 financial performance, changes in business conditions or results
 of operations, adverse regulatory developments or other events
 beyond our control. The breach of any of these covenants could
 result in a default, which could cause our indebtedness to
 become due and payable. If any of our indebtedness were to be
 accelerated, we may not be able to repay or refinance it.

A
 reduction in oil or natural gas prices, or instability in North
 American or global energy markets, could adversely affect our
 business. 

Our results of operations depend upon the level of activity in
 the global energy market, including natural gas development,
 production, processing and transportation. Oil and natural gas
 prices and the level of drilling and exploration activity can be
 volatile. For example, oil and natural gas exploration and
 development activity and the number of well completions
 typically decline when there is a significant reduction in oil
 and natural gas prices or significant instability in energy
 markets. As a result, the demand for our natural gas compression
 services and oil and natural gas production and processing
 equipment would be adversely affected. Any future decline in oil
 and natural gas prices could have a material adverse effect on
 our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows.

Erosion of the financial condition of our customers could also
 have an adverse effect on our business. During times when the
 oil or natural gas markets weaken, the likelihood of the erosion
 of the financial condition of our customers increases. If, and
 to the extent the financial condition of our customers declines,
 those

20

Table of Contents 

customers could seek to preserve capital by canceling any
 month-to-month contracts, canceling or delaying scheduled
 maintenance of their existing natural gas compression and oil
 and natural gas production and processing equipment or
 determining not to enter into any new natural gas compression
 service contracts or purchase new compression and oil and
 natural gas production and processing equipment, thereby
 reducing demand for our products and services. The reduced
 demand for our products and services as described above could
 adversely affect our business, financial condition results of
 operations and cash flow. In addition, in the event of the
 financial failure of a customer, we could experience a loss
 associated with the unsecured portion of any of our outstanding
 accounts receivable associated with that customer.

There
 are many risks associated with conducting operations in
 international markets. 

We operate in many geographic markets outside the
 U.S. Changes in local economic or political conditions
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additional
 risks inherent in our international business activities include
 the following:

difficulties in managing international operations, including our
 ability to timely and cost effectively execute projects;

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

training and retaining qualified personnel in international
 markets;

inconsistent product regulation or sudden policy changes by
 foreign agencies or governments;

the burden of complying with multiple and potentially
 conflicting laws;

tariffs and other trade barriers that may restrict our ability
 to enter new markets;

governmental actions that result in the deprivation of contract
 rights, including possible law changes, and other difficulties
 in enforcing contractual obligations;

foreign currency exchange rate risks;

difficulty in collecting international accounts receivable;

potentially longer receipt of payment cycles;

changes in political and economic conditions in the countries in
 which we operate, including the nationalization of energy
 related assets, civil uprisings, riots, kidnappings and
 terrorist acts;

potentially adverse tax consequences or tax law changes;

restrictions on repatriation of earnings or expropriation of
 property without fair compensation;

the geographic, time zone, language and cultural differences
 among personnel in different areas of the world; and

difficulties in establishing new international offices and risks
 inherent in establishing new relationships in foreign countries.

In addition, we plan to expand our business into international
 markets where we have not previously conducted business. The
 risks inherent in establishing new business ventures, especially
 in international markets where local customs, laws and business
 procedures present special challenges, may affect our ability to
 be successful in these ventures or avoid losses that could have
 a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

There
 are risks associated with our operations in Nigeria. Local
 unrest and violence in Nigeria have adversely affected our
 historical financial results and could result in possible
 impairment and write-downs of our assets in Nigeria if the
 political situation in Nigeria does not improve. 

Our operations in Nigeria are subject to numerous risks and
 uncertainties associated with operating in Nigeria. These risks
 include, among other things, political, social and economic
 instability, civil uprisings, riots,

21

Table of Contents 

terrorism, kidnapping, the taking of property without fair
 compensation and governmental actions that may restrict payments
 or the movement of funds or result in the deprivation of
 contract rights. Any of these risks, including risks arising
 from the increase in violence and local unrest in Nigeria over
 the past 18 months, could adversely impact our operations
 in Nigeria and could affect the timing and decrease the amount
 of revenue we may realize from our assets in Nigeria.

For example, we are involved in a project called the Cawthorne
 Channel Project in Nigeria pursuant to which we provide natural
 gas compression and natural gas processing services from a
 barge-mounted facility we own that is stationed in a Nigerian
 coastal waterway. Because of unrest and violence in the region
 and a lack of natural gas provided to the project, the project
 was offline from June 2006 through July 2007. We have not
 recognized revenue on the Cawthorne Channel Project during 2007
 and may not be able to recognize revenue from this project in
 the future.

At December 31, 2007, we had tangible net assets of
 approximately 76 million related to projects in Nigeria.
 If we are unable to operate our assets under current projects,
 we may be required to find alternative uses for those assets,
 which could potentially result in an impairment and write-down
 of the investment in those assets in Nigeria, which could
 adversely impact our financial condition or results of
 operations.

There
 are risks associated with our operations in Venezuela. Further
 changes to the laws and regulations of Venezuela could adversely
 impact our results of operations and require us to write-down
 certain of our assets in Venezuela. 

Recently, laws and regulations in Venezuela have been subject to
 frequent and significant changes. These changes have included
 currency controls, restrictions on repatriation of capital,
 import prohibition of certain consumable commodities required
 for ongoing operations, expropriation and nationalization of
 certain firms and industries and changes to the tax laws. While
 these changes have not had a material impact on us to date,
 future changes could have a material impact on us. For example,
 if the government of Venezuela institutes further changes to the
 laws and regulations of Venezuela, those changes could increase
 the expenses incurred by our Venezuelan operations, resulting in
 a reduction in our net income or a write-down of our investments
 in Venezuela. At December 31, 2007, we had tangible net
 assets in Venezuela, including investments in non-consolidated
 affiliates, of approximately 454.7 million.

We are
 exposed to exchange rate fluctuations in the international
 markets in which we operate. A decrease in the value of any of
 these currencies relative to the U.S. dollar could reduce
 profits from international operations and the value of our
 international net assets. 

Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. Gains and losses
 from the remeasurement of assets and liabilities that are
 receivable or payable in currency other than functional currency
 are included in the consolidated statements of operations. The
 remeasurement has caused the U.S. dollar value of our
 international results of operations to vary with exchange rate
 fluctuations, and the U.S. dollar value of our
 international results of operations will continue to vary with
 exchange rate fluctuations. We have not hedged exchange rate
 exposures, which exposes us to the risk of exchange rate losses.

A fluctuation in the value of any of these currencies relative
 to the U.S. dollar could reduce our profits from
 international operations and the value of the net assets of our
 international operations when reported in U.S. dollars in
 our financial statements. This could have a negative impact on
 our business, financial condition or results of operations as
 reported in U.S. dollars. For example, in February 2004 and
 March 2005, the Venezuelan government devalued Venezuela s
 currency to 1,920 bolivars and 2,148 bolivars, respectively, for
 each U.S. dollar.

In addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to currencies
 in which the earnings are generated may make it more difficult
 to perform period-to-period comparisons of our reported results
 of operations.

We anticipate that there will be instances in which costs and
 revenues will not be exactly matched with respect to currency
 denomination. As a result, to the extent we expand
 geographically, we expect that increasing portions of our
 revenues, costs, assets and liabilities will be subject to
 fluctuations in foreign currency

22

Table of Contents 

valuations. We may experience economic loss and a negative
 impact on earnings or net assets solely as a result of foreign
 currency exchange rate fluctuations. Further, the markets in
 which we operate could restrict the removal or conversion of the
 local or foreign currency, resulting in our inability to hedge
 against these risks.

Many
 of our compressor contracts with customers have short initial
 terms, and we cannot be sure that the contracts for these
 compressors will be renewed after the end of the initial
 contractual term. 

The length of our compressor contracts with customers varies
 based on operating conditions and customer needs. In most cases,
 under currently prevailing contract compression rates, our
 initial contract terms are not long enough to enable us to fully
 recoup the average cost of acquiring or fabricating the
 equipment. We cannot be sure that a substantial number of these
 customers will continue to renew their contracts, that we will
 be able to enter into new contracts for the equipment with new
 customers or that any renewals will be at comparable rates. The
 inability to renew contracts with respect to a substantial
 portion of our compressor fleet would have a material adverse
 effect upon our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

We are
 dependent on particular suppliers and are vulnerable to product
 shortages and price increases. 

Some of the components used in our products are obtained from a
 single source or a limited group of suppliers. Our reliance on
 these suppliers involves several risks, including price
 increases, inferior component quality and a potential inability
 to obtain an adequate supply of required components in a timely
 manner. The partial or complete loss of certain of these sources
 could have a negative impact on our results of operations and
 could damage our customer relationships. Further, a significant
 increase in the price of one or more of these components could
 have a negative impact on our results of operations.

The
 tax treatment of the Partnership depends on its status as a
 partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as well as its
 not being subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation
 by individual states. If the Internal Revenue Service treats the
 Partnership as a corporation or if the Partnership becomes
 subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation for state
 tax purposes, it would substantially reduce the amount of cash
 available for distribution to the Partnership s unitholders
 and undermine the cost of capital advantage we believe the
 Partnership has, which would diminish one of the anticipated
 benefits of the merger. 

The anticipated after-tax economic benefit of an investment in
 the Partnership s common units depends largely on its being
 treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax
 purposes. The Partnership has not received a ruling from the
 Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, on this or any other tax
 matter affecting it.

If the Partnership were treated as a corporation for federal
 income tax purposes, it would pay U.S. federal income tax
 at the corporate tax rate and would also likely pay state income
 tax. Treatment of the Partnership as a corporation for
 U.S. federal income tax purposes would result in a material
 reduction in the anticipated cash flow and after-tax return to
 its unitholders, likely causing a substantial reduction in the
 value of its common units.

Current law may change so as to cause the Partnership to be
 treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax
 purposes or otherwise subject it to entity-level taxation. In
 addition, because of widespread state budget deficits and other
 reasons, several states are evaluating ways to subject
 partnerships to entity-level taxation through the imposition of
 state income, franchise and other forms of taxation. The
 Partnership s partnership agreement provides that if a law
 is enacted or existing law is modified or interpreted in a
 manner that subjects it to taxation as a corporation or
 otherwise subjects it to entity-level taxation for
 U.S. federal, state or local income tax purposes, the
 minimum quarterly distribution amount and the target
 distribution levels of the Partnership may be adjusted to
 reflect the impact of that law on it at the option of its
 general partner without the consent of its unitholders. If the
 Partnership were to be taxed at the entity level, it would lose
 the comparative cost of capital advantage we believe it has over
 a corporation structure, thereby undermining one of
 Hanover s and Universal s key strategic reasons for
 the merger.

23

Table of Contents 

We
 face significant competition that may cause us to lose market
 share and harm our financial performance. 

Our industry is highly competitive and there are low barriers to
 entry, especially in North America. We expect to experience
 competition from companies that may be able to adapt more
 quickly to technological changes within our industry and
 throughout the economy as a whole, more readily take advantage
 of acquisitions and other opportunities and adopt more
 aggressive pricing policies. Our ability to renew or replace
 existing contracts with our customers at rates sufficient to
 maintain current revenue and cash flows could be adversely
 affected by the activities of our competitors and customers. If
 our competitors substantially increase the resources they devote
 to the development and marketing of competitive services or
 substantially decrease the price at which they offer their
 services, we may not be able to compete effectively. Some of
 these competitors may expand or construct newer or more powerful
 compression systems that would create additional competition for
 the services we currently provide to our customers. In addition,
 customers that are significant producers or gatherers of natural
 gas may purchase their own assets in lieu of using our contract
 operations services. In addition, our other lines of business
 will face significant competition.

We also may not be able to take advantage of certain
 opportunities or make certain investments because of our
 significant leverage and our other obligations. All of these
 competitive pressures could have a material adverse effect on
 our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Natural
 gas operations entail inherent risks that may result in
 substantial liability. We do not insure against all potential
 losses and could be seriously harmed by unexpected
 liabilities. 

Natural gas operations entail inherent risks, including
 equipment defects, malfunctions and failures and natural
 disasters, which could result in uncontrollable flows of natural
 gas or well fluids, fires and explosions. These risks may expose
 us, as an equipment operator or fabricator, to liability for
 personal injury, wrongful death, property damage, pollution and
 other environmental damage. The insurance we have obtained
 against many of these risks may not be adequate to cover our
 claims or losses. We are not fully insured on all of our
 offshore assets. In addition, we are substantially self-insured
 for worker s compensation, employer s liability,
 property, auto liability, general liability and employee group
 health claims in view of the relatively high per-incident
 deductibles we absorb under our insurance arrangements for these
 risks. Further, insurance covering the risks we expect to face
 or in the amounts we desire may not be available in the future
 or, if available, the premiums may not be commercially
 justifiable. If we were to incur substantial liability and such
 damages were not covered by insurance or were in excess of
 policy limits, or if we were to incur liability at a time when
 we were not able to obtain liability insurance, our business,
 results of operations and financial condition could be
 negatively impacted.

We are
 subject to a variety of governmental regulations. 

We are subject to a variety of U.S. federal, state, local
 and international laws and regulations relating to the
 environment, health and safety, export controls, currency
 exchange, labor and employment and taxation. These laws and
 regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to
 become more stringent over time. Failure to comply with these
 laws and regulations may result in a variety of administrative,
 civil and criminal enforcement measures, including assessment of
 monetary penalties, imposition of remedial requirements and
 issuance of injunctions as to future compliance. From time to
 time, as part of our operations, including newly acquired
 operations, we may be subject to compliance audits by regulatory
 authorities in the various countries in which we operate.

Environmental laws and regulations may, in certain
 circumstances, impose strict liability for environmental
 contamination, which may render us liable for remediation costs,
 natural resource damages and other damages as a result of
 conduct that was lawful at the time it occurred or the conduct
 of, or conditions caused by, prior owners, operators or other
 third parties. In addition, where contamination may be present,
 it is not uncommon for neighboring land owners and other third
 parties to file claims for personal injury, property damage and
 recovery of response costs. Remediation costs and other damages
 arising as a result of environmental laws and regulations, and
 costs associated with new information, changes in existing
 environmental laws and regulations

24

Table of Contents 

or the adoption of new environmental laws and regulations could
 be substantial and could negatively impact our financial
 condition or results of operations.

We may need to apply for or amend facility permits or licenses
 from time to time with respect to storm water or wastewater
 discharges, waste handling, or air emissions relating to
 manufacturing activities or equipment operations, which subjects
 us to new or revised permitting conditions that may be onerous
 or costly to comply with. In addition, certain of our customer
 service arrangements may require us to operate, on behalf of a
 specific customer, petroleum storage units such as underground
 tanks or pipelines and other regulated units, all of which may
 impose additional compliance and permitting obligations.

We conduct operations at numerous facilities in a wide variety
 of locations across the continental U.S. The operations at
 many of these facilities require U.S. federal, state or
 local environmental permits or other authorizations.
 Additionally, natural gas compressors at many of our
 customers facilities require individual air permits or
 general authorizations to operate under various air regulatory
 programs established by rule or regulation. These permits and
 authorizations frequently contain numerous compliance
 requirements, including monitoring and reporting obligations and
 operational restrictions, such as emission limits. Given the
 large number of facilities in which we operate, and the numerous
 environmental permits and other authorizations that are
 applicable to our operations, we may occasionally identify or be
 notified of technical violations of certain requirements
 existing in various permits or other authorizations.
 Occasionally, we have been assessed penalties for our
 non-compliance, and we could be subject to such penalties in the
 future.

In addition, future events, such as compliance with more
 stringent laws, regulations or permit conditions, a major
 expansion of our operations into more heavily regulated
 activities, more vigorous enforcement policies by regulatory
 agencies, or stricter or different interpretations of existing
 laws and regulations could require us to make material
 expenditures.

The
 price of our common stock may experience
 volatility. 

The price of our common stock may be
 volatile. Some of the factors that could affect
 the price of our common stock are quarterly increases or
 decreases in revenue or earnings, changes in revenue or earnings
 estimates by the investment community, our ability to implement
 our merger integration strategy and to realize the expected
 synergies and other benefits from the merger between Hanover and
 Universal and speculation in the press or investment community
 about our financial condition or results of operations. General
 market conditions and North America or international economic
 factors and political events unrelated to our performance may
 also affect our stock price. For these reasons, investors should
 not rely on recent trends in the price of our common stock to
 predict the future price of our common stock or our financial
 results.

We may
 not be able to consummate additional contributions or sales of
 portions of our U.S. contract operations business to the
 Partnership. 

As part of our business strategy, we intend to contribute or
 sell the remainder of our U.S. contract operations business
 to the Partnership, over time, but we are under no obligation to
 do so. Likewise, the Partnership is under no obligation to
 purchase any additional portions of that business. The
 consummation of any future sales of additional portions of that
 business and the timing of such sales will depend upon, among
 other things:

our reaching agreement with the Partnership regarding the terms
 of such sales, which will require the approval of the conflicts
 committee of the board of directors of the Partnership, which is
 comprised exclusively of directors who are deemed independent
 from us;

the Partnership s ability to finance such purchases on
 acceptable terms, which could be impacted by general equity and
 debt market conditions as well as conditions in the markets
 specific to master limited partnerships; and

the Partnership s compliance with its debt agreements.

If we are unable to consummate additional contributions or sales
 of our U.S. contract operations business to the
 Partnership, we may not be able to capitalize on what we believe
 is the Partnership s lower cost of capital,

25

Table of Contents 

which could impact our competitive position in the
 U.S. Additionally, without the proceeds from future
 contributions or sales of our U.S. contract operations
 business, we will have less capital to invest to grow our
 business.

Our
 charter and bylaws contain provisions that may make it more
 difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if a
 change in control would result in the purchase of our
 stockholders shares of common stock at a premium to the
 market price or would otherwise be beneficial to our
 stockholders. 

There are provisions in our restated certificate of
 incorporation and bylaws that may make it more difficult for a
 third party to acquire control of us, even if a change in
 control would result in the purchase of our stockholders 
 shares of common stock at a premium to the market price or would
 otherwise be beneficial to our stockholders. For example, our
 restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the board of
 directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval.
 If our board of directors elects to issue preferred stock, it
 could be more difficult for a third party to acquire us. In
 addition, provisions of our restated certificate of
 incorporation and bylaws, such as limitations on stockholder
 actions by written consent and on stockholder proposals at
 meetings of stockholders, could make it more difficult for a
 third party to acquire control of us. Delaware corporation law
 may also discourage takeover attempts that have not been
 approved by the board of directors.

Item 1B. Unresolved
 Staff Comments 

None.

26

Table of Contents 

Item 2. 

Properties 

The following table describes the material facilities we owned
 or leased as of December 31, 2007:

Square 

Location 

Status 

Feet 

Uses 

Houston, Texas

Leased

234,746

Office

Houston, Texas

Leased

51,941

Office

Houston, Texas

Owned

244,000

Corporate office, fabrication, North America contract operations
 and aftermarket services

Calgary, Alberta, Canada

Owned

105,760

Fabrication, North America contract operations and aftermarket
 services

Schulenburg, Texas

Owned

23,000

Fabrication, North America contract operations and aftermarket
 services

Yukon, Oklahoma

Owned

72,000

North America contract operations and aftermarket services

Belle Chase, Louisiana

Owned

35,000

North America contract operations and aftermarket services

Broussard, Louisiana

Leased

24,700

North America contract operations and aftermarket services

Houston, Texas

Owned

343,750

Fabrication; corporate office

El Tigre, Venezuela

Leased

35,954

Fabrication, office

Anaco, Venezuela

Leased

129,000

International contract operations and aftermarket services

Camacari, Brazil

Owned

86,111

International contract operations and aftermarket services

Reynosa, Mexico

Owned

22,235

International contract operations and aftermarket services

Casper, Wyoming

Owned

28,390

North America contract operations and aftermarket services

Comodoro Rivadavia, Argentina

Owned

26,000

International contract operations and aftermarket services

Davis, Oklahoma

Owned

393,870

North America contract operations and aftermarket services

El Tigre, Venezuela

Owned

107,600

International contract operations and aftermarket services

Farmington, New Mexico

Owned

42,097

North America contract operations and aftermarket services

Maturin, Venezuela

Owned

23,695

International contract operations and aftermarket services

Kilgore, Texas

Owned

32,995

North America contract operations and aftermarket services

Midland, Texas

Owned

53,300

North America contract operations and aftermarket services

Neuquen, Argentina

Owned

30,000

International contract operations and aftermarket services

Oklahoma City, Oklahoma

Leased

37,485

North America contract operations and aftermarket services

Pampa, Texas

Leased

24,000

North America contract operations and aftermarket services

Santa Cruz, Bolivia

Leased

21,119

International contract operations and aftermarket services

Victoria, Texas

Owned

59,852

North America contract operations and aftermarket services

Walsall, United Kingdom

Owned

44,700

International contract operations and aftermarket services

Yukon, Oklahoma

Owned

22,453

North America contract operations and aftermarket services

Houston, Texas

Leased

28,750

Aftermarket services

Port Harcourt, Nigeria

Leased

32,808

Aftermarket services

Houma, Louisiana

Owned

60,000

Aftermarket services

Broussard, Louisiana

Owned

74,402

Fabrication

Broken Arrow, Oklahoma

Owned

141,549

Fabrication

Columbus, Texas

Owned

219,552

Fabrication

Jebel Ali Free Zone, UAE

Leased

113,211

Fabrication

Hamriyah Free Zone, UAE

Leased

169,576

Fabrication

Mantova, Italy

Owned

654,397

Fabrication

Neuquen, Argentina

Leased

47,500

Fabrication

Singapore, Singapore

Leased

482,098

Fabrication

Tulsa, Oklahoma

Owned

40,100

Fabrication

Victoria, Texas

Owned

50,506

Fabrication

Our executive offices are located at 4444 Brittmoore, Houston,
 Texas 77041 and our telephone number is
 (713) 335-7000. 

Item 3. 

Legal
 Proceedings 

In the ordinary course of business we are involved in various
 pending or threatened legal actions. While management is unable
 to predict the ultimate outcome of these actions, it believes
 that any ultimate liability arising from these actions will not
 have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
 results of operations or cash flows; however, because of the
 inherent uncertainty of litigation, we cannot provide assurance
 that the resolution of any particular claim or proceeding to
 which we are a party will not have a

27

Table of Contents 

material adverse effect on our financial position, results of
 operation or cash flows for the period in which the resolution
 occurs.

Item 4. 

Submission
 of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

No matters were submitted to a vote of our stockholders during
 the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 31,
 2007.

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under
 the symbol EXH. The following table sets forth the
 range of high and low sale prices for our common stock for the
 periods indicated.

Price 

High 

Low 

Year ended December 31, 2006 

First Quarter

57.88

43.69

Second Quarter

64.92

47.91

Third Quarter

60.77

49.45

Fourth Quarter

63.51

52.43

Year ended December 31, 2007 

First Quarter

72.12

53.54

Second Quarter

83.08

65.23

Third Quarter

80.75

72.53

Fourth Quarter

92.75

74.17

On February 20, 2008, the closing price or our common stock
 was 71.40 per share. As of February 20, 2008, there were
 approximately 1,406 holders of record of our common stock.

28

Table of Contents 

The performance graph below shows the cumulative total
 stockholder return on Hanover and our common stock compared with
 the S P 500 Composite Stock Price Index (the S P
 500 Index and the Oilfield Service Index (the
 OSX over the five-year period beginning on
 December 31, 2002. The results for the period from
 December 31, 2002 through August 20, 2007, the date of
 the merger, reflect Hanover s historical common stock price
 adjusted for the 0.325 merger exchange ratio. We have used
 Hanover s historical common stock price during this period
 because Hanover was determined to be the acquirer for accounting
 purposes in the merger. The results for the period from
 August 21, 2007, when our common stock began trading on the
 New York Stock Exchange, through December 31, 2007 reflect
 the price of our common stock. The results are based on an
 investment of 100 in each of Hanover s common stock, the
 S P 500 Index and the OSX. The graph assumes the
 reinvestment of dividends and adjusts all closing prices and
 dividends for stock splits.

Comparison
 of Five Year Cumulative Total Return 

The performance graph shall not be deemed incorporated by
 reference by any general statement incorporating by reference
 this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that we
 specifically incorporate this information by reference, and
 shall not otherwise be deemed filed under those Acts. 

29

Table of Contents 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends to our
 stockholders and do not anticipate paying such dividends in the
 foreseeable future. The board of directors anticipates that all
 cash flow generated from operations in the foreseeable future
 will be retained and used to pay down debt, repurchase company
 stock, or develop and expand our business. Any future
 determinations to pay cash dividends to our stockholders will be
 at the discretion of the board of directors and will be
 dependent upon our results of operations and financial
 condition, credit and loan agreements in effect at that time and
 other factors deemed relevant by the board of directors.

On August 20, 2007, our board of directors authorized the
 repurchase of up to 200 million of our common stock
 through August 19, 2009. Under the stock repurchase
 program, we may repurchase shares in open market purchases or in
 privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable
 insider trading and other securities laws and regulations. We
 may also implement all or part of the repurchases under a
 Rule 10b5-1 
 trading plan, so as to provide the flexibility to extend our
 share repurchases beyond the quarterly purchasing window. During
 the period August 20, 2007 through September 30, 2007,
 we repurchased 641,300 shares of our common stock at an
 aggregate cost of approximately 50 million. The following
 table provides information with respect to our purchases of our
 common stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2007
 pursuant to our stock repurchase program:

Total Number of 

Maximum Dollar 

Shares Purchased 

Value of Shares that 

Total Number of 

as Part of Publicly 

may yet be 

Shares 

Average Price 

Announced 

Purchased under the 

Period 

Purchased 

Paid per Share 

Programs 

Programs 

10/01/07 10/31/07

150,015,416

11/01/07 11/30/07

553,200

81.15

553,200

105,123,236

12/01/07 12/31/07

63,900

79.71

63,900

100,029,767

Total

617,100

81.00

617,100

100,029,767

30

Table of Contents 

Item 6. 

Selected
 Financial Data 

In the table below we have presented certain selected financial
 data for Exterran for each of the five years in the period ended
 December 31, 2007. The historical consolidated financial
 data for 2005 through 2007 has been derived from our audited
 consolidated financial statements. The historical consolidated
 financial data for 2003 and 2004 has been derived from our
 consolidated financial statements. The Company has made certain
 reclassifications to the 2003 through 2006 consolidated
 statements of operations to conform to the 2007 presentation,
 these changes are discussed in Note 1 to the Financial
 Statements. The following information should be read together
 with Management s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations in
 Item 7 of this report and the Consolidated Financial
 Statements in Item 15 of this report.

Years Ended December 31, 

2007(1) 

2006 

2005 

2004 

2003 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Statement of Operations Data: 

Revenues

2,540,485

1,593,321

1,304,311

1,149,238

1,021,531

Gross margin(2)

822,309

546,784

464,659

423,878

400,165

Selling, general and administrative

265,057

197,282

176,831

170,010

159,313

Merger and integration expenses

46,723

Depreciation and amortization(3)

252,716

175,927

172,649

165,058

159,347

Fleet impairment(4)

61,945

Interest expense(3)

130,092

123,496

146,959

157,228

98,992

Leasing expense(3)

43,139

Securities related litigation settlement(5)

(4,163

42,991

Debt extinguishment costs(6)

70,150

5,902

7,318

Equity in (income) loss of non-consolidated affiliates

(12,498

(19,430

(21,466

(19,780

(23,014

Other (income) expense, net

(44,646

(50,897

(8,198

(15,151

(2,210

Goodwill impairment

35,466

Provision for income taxes

11,894

28,782

27,714

24,767

3,629

Minority interest

6,307

Income (loss) from continuing operations

34,569

85,722

(37,148

(54,091

(117,488

Cumulative effect of accounting change, net of tax(3)

370

(86,910

Net income (loss)

34,569

86,523

(38,017

(44,006

(208,259

Earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations(7):

Basic

0.76

2.61

(1.25

(1.96

(4.46

Diluted

0.75

2.48

(1.25

(1.96

(4.46

Weighted average common and common equivalent shares(7):

Basic

45,580

32,883

29,756

27,557

26,365

Diluted

46,300

36,411

29,756

27,557

26,365

Other Financial Data: 

Capital expenditures:

Growth

190,251

115,254

79,279

27,871

57,112

Maintenance

115,127

82,911

61,102

42,987

61,390

Other

46,812

48,418

14,765

19,638

23,964

Cash flows provided by (used in):

Operating activities

239,710

209,089

122,487

131,837

164,735

Investing activities

(302,268

(168,168

(104,027

11,129

(43,470

Financing activities

135,727

(18,134

(6,890

(162,350

(84,457

Balance Sheet Data: 

Cash

149,224

73,286

48,233

38,076

56,619

Working capital(8)

670,482

326,565

351,694

301,893

279,050

Net property, plant and equipment

3,533,505

1,863,452

1,823,100

1,876,348

2,027,654

Total assets

6,863,523

3,070,889

2,862,996

2,771,229

2,942,274

Debt and convertible preferred securities

2,333,924

1,369,931

1,478,948

1,643,616

1,782,823

Common stockholders equity

3,162,260

1,014,282

909,782

760,055

753,488

31

Table of Contents 

(1) 

Universal s financial results have been included in our
 consolidated financial statements after the merger date on
 August 20, 2007. Financial information for prior periods
 may not be comparable with 2007 due to the impact of this
 business combination on our financial position and results of
 operation. See Note 2 to the Financial Statements for a
 description of the merger. See Item 7.
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations for further discussion
 about the impact of the merger on our results of operations and
 financial position for the year ended and as of
 December 31, 2007. 

(2) 

Gross margin is defined, reconciled to net income (loss) and
 discussed further in Part II, Item 6 Selected
 Financial Data Non-GAAP Financial Measure of
 this report. 

(3) 

In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
 Interpretation No. 46, Consolidation of Variable
 Interest Entities, an interpretation of ARB 51 as revised
 in December 2003 FIN 46 ), for periods ending
 after June 30, 2003, we have included in our consolidated
 financial statements the special purpose entities that leased
 compression equipment to us. As a result, on July 1, 2003,
 we added approximately 897 million of compression
 equipment assets, net of accumulated depreciation, and
 approximately 1,139.6 million of our compression equipment
 lease obligations (including approximately 1,105.0 million
 in debt) to our balance sheet. This debt was redeemed in the
 third quarter of 2007. 

(4) 

Management reviewed our fleet for units that would not be of the
 type, configuration, make or model that management would want to
 continue to offer after the merger with Universal due to the
 cost to refurbish the equipment, the incremental costs of
 maintaining more types of equipment and the increased financial
 flexibility of the new company to build new units in the
 configuration currently in demand by our customers. As a result
 of this review, we recorded an impairment to our fleet assets of
 61.9 million in the third quarter of 2007. 

(5) 

In May 2003, Hanover reached an agreement that was subject to
 court approval, to settle securities class actions, ERISA class
 actions and the stockholder derivative actions. The terms of the
 settlement became final in March 2004 and required Hanover to:
 (a) make a cash payment of approximately 30 million
 to the securities settlement fund (of which 26.7 million
 was funded by payments from Hanover s directors and
 officers insurance carriers), (b) issue
 2.5 million shares of Hanover common stock to the
 securities settlement fund, and (c) issue a contingent note
 with a principal amount of 6.7 million to the securities
 settlement fund. 

In April 2004, Hanover issued the 6.7 million contingent
 note related to the securities settlement. The note was payable,
 together with accrued interest, on March 31, 2007 but was
 extinguished (with no money paid under it) under the terms of
 the note because our common stock traded above the average price
 of 12.25 per share for 15 consecutive trading days during the
 third quarter of 2004. As a result of the cancellation of the
 note in the third quarter of 2004, we reversed the note and the
 embedded derivative, which resulted in a 4.0 million
 reduction to the cost of the securities-related litigation. 

(6) 

In the third quarter of 2007, we refinanced a significant
 portion of Universal s and Hanover s debt that existed
 before the merger. We recorded 70.2 million of debt
 extinguishment charges related to this refinancing. The charges
 related to a call premium and tender fees paid to retire various
 Hanover notes that were part of the debt refinancing and a
 charge of 16.4 million related to the write-off of
 deferred financing costs in conjunction with the refinancing. 

(7) 

As a result of the merger between Hanover and Universal, each
 outstanding share of common stock of Universal was converted
 into one share of Exterran common stock and each outstanding
 share of Hanover common stock was converted into
 0.325 shares of Exterran common stock. All share and per
 share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the
 conversion ratio of Hanover common stock for all periods
 presented. 

(8) 

Working capital is defined as current assets minus current
 liabilities. 

32

Table of Contents 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL
 MEASURE 

We define gross margin as total revenue less cost of sales
 (excluding depreciation and amortization expense). Gross margin
 is included as a supplemental disclosure because it is a primary
 measure used by our management as it represents the results of
 revenue and cost of sales (excluding depreciation and
 amortization expense), which are key components of our
 operations. We believe gross margin is important because it
 focuses on the current operating performance of our operations
 and excludes the impact of the prior historical costs of the
 assets acquired or constructed that are utilized in those
 operations, the indirect costs associated with our selling,
 general and administrative activities, the impact of our
 financing methods and income taxes. Depreciation expense may not
 accurately reflect the costs required to maintain and replenish
 the operational usage of our assets and therefore may not
 portray the costs from current operating activity. As an
 indicator of our operating performance, gross margin should not
 be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net
 income as determined in accordance with GAAP. Our gross margin
 may not be comparable to a similarly titled measure of another
 company because other entities may not calculate gross margin in
 the same manner.

Gross margin has certain material limitations associated with
 its use as compared to net income (loss). These limitations are
 primarily due to the exclusion of interest expense, depreciation
 and amortization expense and selling, general and administrative
 expense. Each of these excluded expenses is material to our
 consolidated results of operations. Because we intend to finance
 a portion of our operations through borrowings, interest expense
 is a necessary element of our costs and our ability to generate
 revenue. Additionally, because we use capital assets,
 depreciation expense is a necessary element of our costs and our
 ability to generate revenue and selling, general and
 administrative expenses are necessary costs to support our
 operations and required corporate activities. To compensate for
 these limitations, management uses this non-GAAP measure as a
 supplemental measure to other GAAP results to provide a more
 complete understanding of our performance.

The following table reconciles our net income (loss) to gross
 margin (in thousands):

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

2003 

Net income (loss) 

34,569

86,523

(38,017

(44,006

(208,259

Selling, general and administrative

265,057

197,282

176,831

170,010

159,313

Merger and integration expenses

46,723

Depreciation and amortization

252,716

175,927

172,649

165,058

159,347

Fleet impairment

61,945

Interest expense

130,092

123,496

146,959

157,228

98,992

Debt extinguishment costs

70,150

5,902

7,318

Equity in (income) loss of non-consolidated affiliates

(12,498

(19,430

(21,466

(19,780

(23,014

Other (income) expense, net

(44,646

(50,897

(8,198

(15,151

(2,210

Provision for income taxes

11,894

28,782

27,714

24,767

3,629

Minority interest, net of tax

6,307

Securities related litigation settlement

(4,163

42,991

Goodwill impairment

35,466

Leasing expense

43,139

(Income) loss from discontinued operations, net of tax

(368

756

(6,314

(10,190

(Gain) loss from sale of discontinued operations, net of tax

(63

113

(3,771

14,051

Cumulative effect of accounting change, net of tax

(370

86,910

Gross margin 

822,309

546,784

464,659

423,878

400,165

33

Table of Contents 

Item 7. 

Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
 condition and results of operations should be read in
 conjunction with our financial statements, and the notes
 thereto, and the other financial information appearing elsewhere
 in this report. The following discussion includes
 forward-looking statements that involve certain risks and
 uncertainties. See Part I Disclosure Regarding
 Forward-Looking Statements and Part 1, Item 1A
 Risk Factors of this report. 

Overview 

We are a global market leader in the full service natural gas
 compression business and a premier provider of operations,
 maintenance, service and equipment for oil and natural gas
 production, processing and transportation applications. We sell
 this equipment and provide complete operation and maintenance
 services for both customer-owned equipment and our fleet of
 contract equipment. Our customers include major and independent
 oil and natural gas producers and distributors as well as
 national oil and natural gas companies in the countries in which
 we operate. Our maintenance business, together with our parts
 and service business, provides solutions to customers that own
 their own compression and surface production and processing
 equipment, but want to outsource their operations. We also
 fabricate compressor and oil and natural gas production and
 processing equipment, and provide natural gas processing and
 treating and oilfield power generation services, as a complement
 to our compression services. In addition, we provide
 engineering, procurement and fabrication of critical process
 equipment for refinery and petrochemical facilities and tank
 farms and evaporators and brine heaters for desalination plants.

Subsequent to the merger between Hanover and Universal, we
 evaluated our management process for analyzing the performance
 of our operations. We have changed our segment reporting in
 accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
 principles in order to enable investors to view our operations
 in a manner similar to the way management does. Our Fabrication
 segment previously reported three product lines: Compressor and
 Accessory Fabrication, Production and Processing
 Fabrication Surface Equipment and Production and
 Processing Fabrication Belleli. We also renamed
 three of our segments as follows: U.S. Rentals is now
 referred to as North America Contract Operations; International
 Rentals is now referred to as International Contract Operations;
 and Parts, Service and Used Equipment is now referred to as
 Aftermarket Services. North America Contract Operations includes
 U.S. and Canada contract operations. The changes in our
 reportable segments, including the reclassification on the
 consolidated statements of operations of the related revenues
 and costs of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization),
 have been made to all periods presented within this Annual
 Report on
 Form 10-K. 

Hanover
 and Universal Merger 

On August 20, 2007, Hanover and Universal completed their
 business combination pursuant to a merger. As a result of the
 merger, each of Universal and Hanover became our wholly-owned
 subsidiary, and Universal merged with and into us. Hanover was
 determined to be the acquirer for accounting purposes and,
 therefore, our financial statements and the financial
 information included herein reflect Hanover s historical
 results for the periods prior to the merger date. For more
 information regarding the merger, see Note 2 to the
 Financial Statements.

Industry
 Conditions and Trends 

Natural Gas Industry. Worldwide consumption of
 natural gas increased from approximately 53 trillion cubic feet
 in 1980 to approximately 105 trillion cubic feet in 2006,
 although consumption levels in the U.S. declined in the
 early 2000s, primarily due to an economic slowdown, and continue
 to be relatively flat today. Industry sources expect the
 long-term growth trend of worldwide natural gas consumption to
 continue. We believe the growing demand in electrical power
 generation is a contributing factor in the worldwide growth of
 natural gas consumption as natural gas tends to be the fuel of
 choice for new power plants.

The U.S. accounted for an estimated annual production of
 approximately 19 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in calendar
 year 2006, or 18 of the worldwide total, compared to an
 estimated annual production of

34

Table of Contents 

approximately 86 trillion cubic feet in the rest of the world.
 Industry sources estimate that the U.S. natural gas
 production level will be approximately 21 trillion cubic feet in
 calendar year 2025, or 13 of the worldwide total, compared to
 an estimated annual production of approximately 144 trillion
 cubic feet in the rest of the world. As of January 1, 2007,
 the U.S. natural gas reserves were estimated at 204
 trillion cubic feet, or 3.3 of the worldwide total.

Natural Gas Compression Services Industry. The
 natural gas compression services industry has experienced a
 significant increase in the demand for its products and services
 from the early 1990s, and we believe the contract compression
 services industry in the U.S. will continue to have growth
 opportunities due to the following factors, among others:

aging producing natural gas fields will require more compression
 to continue producing the same volume of natural gas; and

increasing production from unconventional sources, which include
 tight sands, shale and coal bed methane, generally require more
 compression than production from conventional sources to produce
 the same volume of natural gas.

More recently, the industry began to increase capital
 expenditure levels in the U.S. as increasing utilization
 levels caused a shortage in the supply of available, large
 horsepower units. During this expansion of the large horsepower
 fleet in the U.S., demand for certain smaller horsepower units
 moderated, partly as a result of larger horsepower units
 replacing smaller horsepower units to gain efficiencies in
 natural gas production.

While the international contract compression services market is
 currently smaller than the U.S. market, we believe there
 are growth opportunities in international demand for compression
 services and products due to the following factors:

implementation of international environmental and conservation
 laws preventing the practice of flaring natural gas and
 recognition of natural gas as a clean air fuel;

a desire by a number of oil exporting nations to replace oil
 with natural gas as a fuel source in local markets to allow
 greater export of oil;

increasing development of pipeline infrastructure, particularly
 in Latin America and Asia, necessary to transport natural gas to
 local markets;

growing demand for electrical power generation, for which the
 fuel of choice tends to be natural gas; and

privatization of state-owned energy producers, resulting in
 increased outsourcing due to the focus on reducing capital
 expenditures and enhancing cash flow and profitability.

Company
 Performance Trends and Outlook 

For the year ending December 31, 2008, we expect continued
 strong demand throughout the majority of our contract operations
 segments. In the U.S., we expect to see continued strong demand
 for our contract operations services that utilize large
 horsepower compressors, but moderating or decreasing demand for
 our contract operations services that utilize smaller horsepower
 units. In international markets, we continue to expect strong
 demand for our contract operations services, particularly for
 our Total Solutions projects throughout Latin America and the
 Eastern Hemisphere. As a result of this continued strong demand,
 we expect to add a similar amount of growth capital investment
 as compared to what we added on a combined basis during 2007;
 however, our capital expenditure levels will exceed those during
 2007 as the year ending December 31, 2008 will include a
 full year of capital additions related to Universal operations.
 Within the North America contract operations segment, we expect
 that operating costs will moderate during 2008. As a result of
 the strong fundamentals we expect in the markets we serve, we
 expect our fabrication business to improve in 2008 over 2007,
 and we expect fabrication revenue for 2008 to be in excess of
 2007 levels.

35

Table of Contents 

We are investing in key initiatives to help support the future
 growth of our company. These initiatives include an increased
 marketing and business development commitment targeted at
 international expansion and the conversion of certain of our
 locations to our enterprise resource planning ERP system.

We intend for the Partnership to be our primary growth vehicle
 for our U.S. contract operations business. To this end, we
 may contribute additional U.S. contract operations
 customers to the Partnership in 2008 in exchange for cash
 and/or 
 additional interests in the Partnership. Such transactions would
 depend on, among other things, reaching agreement with the
 Partnership regarding the terms of the purchase, which may
 require approval of the conflicts committee of the board of
 directors of the general partner of the Partnership, and the
 Partnership s ability to finance any such purchase.

Certain
 Key Challenges and Uncertainties 

Market conditions in the natural gas industry, competition in
 the natural gas compression industry and the risks inherent in
 our on-going international expansion continue to represent key
 challenges and uncertainties. In addition to those, we believe
 the following represent some of the key challenges and
 uncertainties we will face in the near future.

Labor. As we continue to grow both in North
 America and internationally and in light of the currently
 favorable energy industry market conditions, we believe our
 ability to hire, train and retain qualified personnel continues
 to be challenging and important. In particular, the supply of
 experienced operational, fabrication and field personnel
 continues to be tight and our demand for such personnel
 continues to grow. Although we have been able to satisfy our
 personnel needs in these positions thus far, retaining these
 employees has been a challenge. To increase retention of
 qualified operating personnel, we have instituted programs that
 enhance skills and provide on-going training. Our ability to
 continue our growth will depend in part on our success in
 hiring, training and retaining these employees.

Smaller Horsepower Compression. Over the
 course of the last eighteen months, the utilization of our small
 and mid range horsepower compressors has decreased due to lower
 demand for those units by our customers and increased
 competition with respect to those units. We believe that the
 lower customer demand has been driven by our lack of investment
 in new smaller horsepower compressors coupled with a replacement
 of such compressors with larger horsepower compressors as
 producers attempt to improve economics by maintaining lower
 pressures in gathering lines. We also believe that the increase
 in competition for these units has been driven by the low
 barriers to entry, including relatively low capital costs,
 associated with providing contract compression services with
 smaller horsepower compressors. While we believe the demand for
 smaller horsepower compressor units will increase over time due
 to the favorable fundamentals of the compression industry,
 further utilization declines could have an adverse effect on our
 future business.

Summary
 of Results 

Net income (loss). We recorded consolidated
 net income of 34.6 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2007, as compared to consolidated net income
 of 86.5 million and consolidated net loss of
 38.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2006
 and 2005, respectively. Our results for 2007, 2006 and 2005 were
 affected by charges and events that may not necessarily be
 indicative of our core operations or our future prospects and
 impact comparability between years.

36

Table of Contents 

Results by Business Segment. The following
 table summarizes revenues, expenses and gross margin percentages
 for each of our business segments:

Year Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Revenues:

North America Contract Operations

551,140

384,292

351,128

International Contract Operations

336,807

263,228

232,587

Aftermarket Services

274,489

179,043

152,456

Fabrication

1,378,049

766,758

568,140

2,540,485

1,593,321

1,304,311

Cost of sales:

North America Contract Operations

232,238

156,554

142,657

International Contract Operations

126,861

96,631

76,512

Aftermarket Services

214,497

139,633

114,535

Fabrication

1,144,580

653,719

505,948

1,718,176

1,046,537

839,652

Gross margin percentage:

North America Contract Operations

58

59

59

International Contract Operations

62

63

67

Aftermarket Services

22

22

25

Fabrication

17

15

11

Operating
 Highlights 

The following tables summarize our total available horsepower,
 operating horsepower, horsepower utilization percentages and
 fabrication backlog.

December 31, 2007 

(Horsepower in thousands) 

Total Available Horsepower (at period end):

North America

4,514

International

1,447

Total

5,961

Operating Horsepower (at period end):

North America

3,632

International

1,306

Total

4,938

Horsepower Utilization:

Spot (at period end)

83

Year Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

(In millions) 

Compressor and Accessory Fabrication Backlog

321.9

325.1

85.4

Production and Processing Equipment Fabrication Backlog

787.6

482.5

287.7

Fabrication Backlog

1,109.5

807.6

373.1

37

Table of Contents 

Critical
 Accounting Estimates 

This discussion and analysis of our financial condition and
 results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial
 statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. The
 preparation of these financial statements requires us to make
 estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of
 assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related
 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing
 basis, we evaluate our estimates and accounting policies,
 including those related to bad debts, inventories, fixed assets,
 investments, intangible assets, income taxes, revenue
 recognition and contingencies and litigation. We base our
 estimates on historical experience and on other assumptions that
 we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. The results
 of this process form the basis of our judgments about the
 carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily
 apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from
 these estimates under different assumptions or conditions and
 these differences can be material to our financial condition,
 results of operations and liquidity.

Allowances
 and Reserves 

We maintain allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated
 losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make
 required payments. If the financial condition of a customer
 deteriorates, resulting in an impairment of its ability to make
 payments, additional allowances may be required. The allowance
 for doubtful accounts is our best estimate of the amount of
 probable credit losses in our existing accounts receivable. We
 determine the allowance based on historical write-off
 experience. We review the adequacy of our allowance for doubtful
 accounts monthly. Balances aged greater than 90 days are
 reviewed individually for collectibility. In addition, all other
 balances are reviewed based on significance and customer payment
 histories. Account balances are charged off against the
 allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and
 the potential for recovery is considered remote. During 2007,
 2006 and 2005, we recorded bad debt expense of approximately
 2.7 million, 2.5 million, and 2.0 million,
 respectively.

We write down our inventory for estimated obsolescence or
 unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost
 of inventory and the estimated market value based upon
 assumptions about future demand and market conditions. If actual
 market conditions are less favorable than those expected by
 management, additional inventory write-downs may be required.
 During 2007, 2006 and 2005, we wrote-down inventory of
 approximately 1.7 million, 2.3 million, and
 0.1 million, respectively.

Depreciation 

Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost. Depreciation
 for financial reporting purposes is computed on the
 straight-line basis using estimated useful lives and salvage
 values.

Purchase
 Accounting 

We applied purchase accounting in accordance with
 SFAS No. 141 Business Combinations, for
 our acquisition of Universal. As described in Note 2 to the
 Financial Statements, we valued the acquired assets and
 liabilities assumed at fair value. The preliminary allocation of
 the purchase price was based upon preliminary valuations and our
 estimates and assumptions are subject to change upon the
 completion of management s review of the final valuations.
 We are in the process of finalizing valuations related to
 identifiable intangible assets, property, plant and equipment,
 capitalized transaction costs, certain acquired contracts and
 residual goodwill. Changes to the preliminary purchase price
 could impact future depreciation and amortization expense as
 well as income tax expense. In addition, upon the finalization
 of our legal entity structure, additional adjustments to
 deferred taxes may be required. The final valuation of net
 assets is expected to be completed as soon as possible, but no
 later than one year from the acquisition date, in accordance
 with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.

Long-Lived
 Assets and Investments 

We review for the impairment of long-lived assets, including
 property, plant and equipment and assets held for sale, whenever
 events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
 amount of an asset may not be

38

Table of Contents 

recoverable. An impairment loss exists when estimated
 undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the
 asset and its eventual disposition are less than its carrying
 amount. When necessary, an impairment loss is recognized and
 represents the excess of the asset s carrying value as
 compared to its estimated fair value and is charged to the
 period in which the impairment occurred. The determination of
 what constitutes an indication of possible impairment, the
 estimation of future cash flows and the determination of
 estimated fair value are all significant judgments. We recorded
 a long-lived asset impairment of 61.9 million in the third
 quarter of 2007 on fleet assets which were owned by Hanover
 prior to the merger that we will no longer use. See Note 19
 to the Financial Statements for further discussion of this
 charge. There were no significant impairments in 2006 or 2005.

In addition, we perform an annual goodwill impairment test,
 pursuant to the requirements of Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards SFAS No. 142,
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, in the fourth
 quarter of each year or whenever events indicate impairment may
 have occurred, to determine if the estimated recoverable value
 of the reporting unit exceeds the net carrying value of the
 reporting unit, including the applicable goodwill. We determine
 the fair value of our reporting units using a combination of the
 expected present value of future cash flows and a market
 approach. The present value of future cash flows is estimated
 using our most recent forecast, the weighted average cost of
 capital and a market multiple on the reporting units 
 earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization.
 Changes in forecasts could affect the estimated fair value of
 our reporting units and result in a goodwill impairment charge
 in a future period. There were no impairments in 2007, 2006 or
 2005 related to our annual goodwill impairment test.

We hold investments in companies having operations in areas that
 relate to our business. We record an investment impairment
 charge when we believe an investment has experienced a decline
 in value that is other than temporary. Future adverse changes in
 market conditions or poor operating results of underlying
 investments could result in losses or an inability to recover
 the carrying value of the investments that may not be reflected
 in an investment s current carrying value, thereby possibly
 requiring an impairment charge in the future.

We own 35.5 of the SIMCO and Harwat Consortium, which owns,
 operates and services water injection plants in Venezuela.
 During the third quarter of 2007, we determined that the
 financial condition and near and long-term prospects of our
 investment in the SIMCO and Harwat Consortium had declined and
 that we had a loss in our investment that was not temporary.
 This decline was primarily caused by increased costs to operate
 the business and is not expected to improve in the near term. In
 the third quarter of 2007, we recorded an impairment of our
 investment in the SIMCO and Harwat Consortium of
 6.7 million, which is reflected as a charge in equity in
 income (loss) of non-consolidated affiliates in our consolidated
 statements of operations.

Deferred
 Tax Assets 

As of December 31, 2007, our net deferred tax liability was
 224.8 million, which included gross deferred tax assets of
 557.5 million, offset by valuation allowances of
 30.9 million, and gross deferred tax liabilities of
 751.4 million. Numerous assumptions are inherent in the
 estimation of future taxable income, including assumptions about
 matters that are dependent on future events, such as future
 operating and financial performance and market conditions.

Additionally, we must consider any prudent and feasible tax
 planning strategies that might minimize the amount of tax
 liabilities recognized or the amount of any valuation allowance
 recognized against deferred tax assets. We must also consider if
 we have the ability to implement these strategies should the
 forecasted conditions actually occur. The principal tax planning
 strategy available to us relates to the permanent reinvestment
 of the earnings of foreign subsidiaries. Assumptions related to
 the permanent reinvestment of the earnings of foreign
 subsidiaries are reconsidered periodically to give effect to
 changes in our businesses and in our tax profile.

Due to income from continuing operations before income taxes in
 2006 and 2007, together with our expectations for 2008 and
 future years, we have reached the conclusion that it is more
 likely than not that certain of our deferred tax assets in the
 U.S. and foreign jurisdictions will be realized.
 Previously, because of cumulative tax losses in the
 U.S. and other foreign jurisdictions, we were not able to
 reach the more likely

39

Table of Contents 

than not criteria of SFAS No. 109 and had
 recorded valuation allowances against such deferred tax assets.
 We have recorded valuation allowances for certain other deferred
 tax assets (e.g., net operating losses of certain foreign
 subsidiaries) that are not likely to be realized. If we are
 required to record
 and/or 
 reverse additional valuation allowances in the U.S. or in
 any other foreign jurisdiction, our effective tax rate will be
 impacted, perhaps substantially, compared to the
 U.S. federal statutory rate.

As a result of the merger between Hanover and Universal, we have
 changed our position with respect to foreign taxes by treating
 foreign taxes as credits rather than deductions. Foreign tax
 credits that are not utilized in the year they are generated can
 be carried forward for 10 years offsetting payments of
 U.S. federal income taxes on a dollar-for-dollar basis. We
 believe that we will generate sufficient taxable income in the
 future from our operating activities as well as from the
 transfer of U.S. contract operations customer contracts and
 assets to the Partnership that will cause us to use our net
 operating loss carryforwards earlier than we had expected prior
 to the merger. After the utilization of our net operating loss
 carryforwards, we expect that we will be able to utilize our
 foreign tax credits within the
 10-year 
 carryforward period. In addition, we intend to amend our 2005
 and 2006 U.S. federal income tax returns to make an
 election to credit foreign taxes that were previously deducted.
 The amendments will result in a 29.5 million benefit for
 foreign tax credits generated prior to the merger that has been
 recorded as a purchase accounting adjustment. If we do not meet
 our expectations with respect to taxable income generated by our
 operating activities and the transfer of assets to the
 Partnership, we may not realize the full benefit from our
 foreign tax credits which would require us to record a valuation
 allowance in our tax provision in future years.

Revenue
 Recognition Percentage of Completion
 Accounting 

We recognize revenue and profit for our fabrication operations
 as work progresses on long-term, fixed-price contracts using the
 percentage-of-completion method when the applicable criteria are
 met, which relies on estimates of total expected contract
 revenue and costs. We follow this method because reasonably
 dependable estimates of the revenue and costs applicable to
 various stages of a contract can be made and because the
 fabrication projects usually last several months. Recognized
 revenues and profit are subject to revisions as the contract
 progresses to completion. Revisions in profit estimates are
 charged to income in the period in which the facts that give
 rise to the revision become known. The typical duration of these
 projects is three to thirty-six months. Due to the long-term
 nature of some of our jobs, developing the estimates of cost
 often requires significant judgment.

We estimate percentage-of-completion for compressor and
 accessory fabrication on a direct labor hour to total labor hour
 basis. This calculation requires management to estimate the
 number of total labor hours required for each project and to
 estimate the profit expected on the project. Production and
 processing equipment fabrication percentage-of-completion is
 estimated using the direct labor hour and cost to total cost
 basis. The cost to total cost basis requires us to estimate the
 amount of total costs (labor and materials) required to complete
 each project. Because we have many fabrication projects in
 process at any given time, we do not believe that materially
 different results would be achieved if different estimates,
 assumptions or conditions were used for any single project.

Factors that must be considered in estimating the work to be
 completed and ultimate profit include labor productivity and
 availability, the nature and complexity of work to be performed,
 the impact of change orders, availability of raw materials and
 the impact of delayed performance. If the aggregate combined
 cost estimates for all of our fabrication businesses had been
 higher or lower by 1 in 2007, our results of operations before
 tax would have decreased or increased by approximately
 11.4 million. As of December 31, 2007, we had
 recognized approximately 214.9 million in estimated
 earnings on uncompleted contracts.

Contingencies
 and Litigation 

We are substantially self-insured for worker s
 compensation, employer s liability, property, auto
 liability, general liability and employee group health claims in
 view of the relatively high per-incident deductibles we absorb
 under our insurance arrangements for these risks. In addition,
 we are not fully insured on all of our offshore assets. Losses
 up to deductible amounts are estimated and accrued based upon
 known facts, historical

40

Table of Contents 

trends and industry averages. We review these estimates
 quarterly and believe such accruals to be adequate. However,
 insurance liabilities are difficult to estimate due to unknown
 factors, including the severity of an injury, the determination
 of our liability in proportion to other parties, the timeliness
 of reporting of occurrences, ongoing treatment or loss
 mitigation, general trends in litigation recovery outcomes and
 the effectiveness of safety and risk management programs.
 Therefore, if our actual experience differs from the assumptions
 and estimates used for recording the liabilities, adjustments
 may be required and would be recorded in the period in which the
 difference becomes known. As of December 31, 2007 and 2006,
 we had recorded approximately 6.1 million and
 4.5 million, respectively, in claim reserves.

In the ordinary course of business, we are involved in various
 pending or threatened legal actions. While we are unable to
 predict the ultimate outcome of these actions,
 SFAS No. 5, Accounting for Contingencies, 
 requires management to make judgments about future events that
 are inherently uncertain. We are required to record (and have
 recorded) a loss during any period in which we believe, based on
 our experience, a contingency is probable of resulting in a
 financial loss to us. In making its determinations of likely
 outcomes of pending or threatened legal matters, management
 considers the evaluation of counsel knowledgeable about each
 matter.

Year
 Ended December 31, 2007 Compared to Year Ended
 December 31, 2006 

The results of operations for the year ended December 31,
 2007 include Universal s operations for the 134 days
 from the date of the merger, August 20, 2007, through
 December 31, 2007. Accordingly, these results of operations
 are not representative of a full year of operating results for
 Exterran.

Summary 

Revenue. Revenue for the year ended
 December 31, 2007 increased 59 to 2,540.5 million
 from 1,593.3 million for the year ended December 31,
 2006. Approximately 450.5 million and 162.0 million
 of the increase in revenues and gross margin (defined as
 revenues less cost of sales, excluding depreciation and
 amortization expense), respectively, was due to the inclusion of
 Universal s financial results after the merger date on
 August 20, 2007. Gross margin, a non-GAAP financial
 measure, is reconciled, in total, to net income (loss), its most
 directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented
 in accordance with GAAP within Part II, Item 6
 Selected Financial Data - Non-GAAP Financial
 Measure of this report. Revenues in the current year
 benefited from an improvement in market conditions compared to
 the prior year.

Net Income. Net income for the year ended
 December 31, 2007 was 34.6 million, or a decrease of
 51.9 million, as compared to net income of
 86.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2006.
 Net income in the current year benefited from the inclusion of
 Universal s results after the merger and an improvement in
 market conditions compared to the prior year but decreased due
 to the charges discussed below. Net income for the year ended
 December 31, 2006 benefited from an 8.0 million gain
 on the sale of assets in Canada, a 28.4 million gain on
 the sale of our U.S. amine treating business and a benefit
 from the utilization of 36.2 million of net operating and
 capital losses that previously had a valuation allowance
 (including the reversal of 10.2 million of the valuation
 allowance on our net deferred tax assets in the U.S.).

41

Table of Contents 

Net income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2007 and
 2006 was also impacted by the following charges (in millions):

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Merger and integration expense

46.7

Debt extinguishment charges

70.2

5.9

Fleet impairment

61.9

Impairment of investment in non-consolidated affiliate (recorded
 in Equity in (income) loss of non-consolidated affiliates)

6.7

Interest rate swap termination (recorded in Interest expense)

7.0

Total

192.5

5.9

Summary
 of Business Segment Results 

North
 America Contract Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

Increase 

2007 

2006 

(Decrease) 

(In thousands) 

Revenue

551,140

384,292

43

Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense)

232,238

156,554

48

Gross margin

318,902

227,738

40

Gross margin percentage

58

59

(1

The increase in revenue and gross margin was primarily due to
 the inclusion of the Universal results after the merger, which
 accounted for approximately 158.6 million and
 92.9 million of the increase in revenue and gross margin,
 respectively. Gross margin percentage (defined as revenue less
 cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization expense,
 divided by revenue) was negatively impacted in the current year
 as compared to the prior year due to higher repair and
 maintenance expenses.

International
 Contract Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

Increase 

2007 

2006 

(Decrease) 

(In thousands) 

Revenue

336,807

263,228

28

Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense)

126,861

96,631

31

Gross margin

209,946

166,597

26

Gross margin percentage

62

63

(1

The increase in revenue and gross margin was primarily due to
 the inclusion of the Universal results after the merger and
 accounted for approximately 50.8 million and
 37.4 million of the increase in revenue and gross margin
 of international contract operations, respectively. The
 remaining increase in international contract operations revenue
 during the year ended December 31, 2007, compared to the
 year ended December 31, 2006, was due primarily to
 increased revenue in Latin America of approximately
 21.8 million. Inclusion of the results of Universal after
 the merger date improved our gross margin percentage by
 approximately 2 for the year ended December 31, 2007. This
 increase in gross margin percentage was offset by higher labor
 and repair and maintenance costs in Argentina and the Eastern
 Hemisphere. Gross margin percentage was also negatively impacted
 by lower revenues and margins in Nigeria during the year ended
 December 31, 2007.

42

Table of Contents 

Revenue related to our Nigerian Cawthorne Channel Project was
 not recognized during the year ended December 31, 2007;
 however, we recorded expenses of 5.6 million related to
 this project. The year ended December 31, 2006 included
 7.4 million in revenue and 5.6 million in expenses
 related to the project. For further information regarding the
 Cawthorne Channel Project, see Note 18 to the Financial
 Statements.

Aftermarket
 Services 

Year Ended December 31, 

Increase 

2007 

2006 

(Decrease) 

(In thousands) 

Revenue

274,489

179,043

53

Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense)

214,497

139,633

54

Gross margin

59,992

39,410

52

Gross margin percentage

22

22

0

The increase in revenue and gross margin was primarily due to
 the inclusion of the Universal results after the merger and
 accounted for approximately 84.3 million and
 17.7 million of the increase in revenue and gross margin
 of aftermarket services operations, respectively. The remaining
 increase in aftermarket services revenue and gross margin for
 the year ended December 31, 2007 was primarily due to an
 increase in international sales, primarily in the Eastern
 Hemisphere.

Fabrication 

Year Ended December 31, 

Increase 

2007 

2006 

(Decrease) 

(In thousands) 

Revenue

1,378,049

766,758

80

Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense)

1,144,580

653,719

75

Gross margin

233,469

113,039

107

Gross margin percentage

17

15

2

The inclusion of the Universal results after the merger
 accounted for approximately 156.8 million and
 14.0 million of the increase in revenue and gross margin,
 respectively. Approximately 49.1 million of
 Universal s revenues related to three projects in the
 Eastern Hemisphere accounted for under the completed contract
 method of accounting that were near completion on the merger
 date and were completed by December 31, 2007. Due to the
 adjustment to record Universal s inventory at fair value
 pursuant to the allocation of the purchase price on the date of
 merger, the value of the inventory related to these projects was
 increased to their sales price, which resulted in a gross margin
 percentage of 0 on these projects. For further information
 regarding the purchase price allocation with the merger, see
 Note 2 to the Financial Statements.

The remaining increase in fabrication revenue and gross margin
 during the year ended December 31, 2007, compared to the
 year ended December 31, 2006, was due primarily to improved
 market conditions that led to higher sales levels and better
 pricing. The product lines compressor and accessory fabrication,
 production and processing equipment fabrication and
 installations comprised 44 , 33 and 23 , respectively, of the
 increase in fabrication revenues for the year ended
 December 31, 2007, compared to the year ended
 December 31, 2006. Our Eastern Hemisphere operations were
 responsible for 69 of the increase in fabrication revenues for
 the year ended December 31, 2007, compared to the year
 ended December 31, 2006. During the year ended
 December 31, 2007, one of our facilities in the Eastern
 Hemisphere incurred 16.3 million of cost over-runs on a
 large project, which partially offset the impact of improved
 pricing and market conditions on gross margin and gross margin
 percentage.

43

Table of Contents 

Costs and
 expenses 

Year Ended December 31, 

Increase 

2007 

2006 

(Decrease) 

(In thousands) 

Selling, general and administrative

265,057

197,282

34

Merger and integration expenses

46,723

n/a

Depreciation and amortization

252,716

175,927

44

Fleet impairment

61,945

n/a

Interest expense

130,092

123,496

5

Debt extinguishment costs

70,150

5,902

1,089

Equity in income of non-consolidated affiliates

(12,498

(19,430

(36

Other (income) expense, net

(44,646

(50,897

(12

The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses
 SG A was primarily due to the inclusion of
 Universal s results after the merger and accounted for
 approximately 49.4 million of the increase in SG A
 expense. The remaining increase in SG A expense was
 primarily due to higher compensation expenses and costs
 associated with the increase in business activity. As a
 percentage of revenue, SG A for the years ended
 December 31, 2007 and 2006 was 10 and 12 , respectively.

Merger and integration expenses related to the merger between
 Hanover and Universal were 46.7 million during the year
 ended December 31, 2007. These expenses were primarily
 comprised of amortization of retention bonus awards,
 acceleration of vesting of Hanover restricted stock, stock
 options and long-term cash incentives, change of control
 payments for Hanover executives and severance for Hanover
 employees. Acceleration of vesting of restricted stock and stock
 options, change of control payments and severance related to
 Universal employees were recorded as part of the purchase price
 allocation and therefore are not reflected in merger and
 integration expenses. For further information regarding merger
 and integration expenses, see Note 2 to the Financial
 Statements.

The inclusion of Universal s results after the merger
 accounted for approximately 54.9 million of the increase
 in depreciation and amortization expense. The remaining increase
 in depreciation and amortization expense during the year ended
 December 31, 2007 as compared to the year ended
 December 31, 2006 was primarily due to property, plant and
 equipment additions.

We recorded an impairment of fleet equipment of
 61.9 million in the three months ended September 30,
 2007. For further information regarding the impairment, see
 Note 19 to the Financial Statements.

The increase in interest expense during the year ended
 December 31, 2007 compared to the year ended
 December 31, 2006, was primarily due to the inclusion of
 additional interest related to Universal s debt after the
 merger compared to interest on our debt before the merger and a
 7.0 million charge to interest expense in the third
 quarter of 2007 from the termination of two fair value hedges.
 These increases were partially offset by a reduction in our
 effective interest rate to 6.3 (excluding the 7.0 million
 charge for termination of interest rate swaps) for the year
 ended December 31, 2007 from 8.5 for the year ended
 December 31, 2006. Our effective interest rate decreased
 after the merger due to the debt refinancing in the third
 quarter of 2007. For further information regarding the debt
 refinancing, see Note 11 to the Financial Statements.

The increase in debt extinguishment costs was due to call
 premium and tender fees paid to retire various Hanover notes
 that was part of the debt refinancing and a charge of
 16.4 million related to the write-off of deferred
 financing costs in conjunction with the refinancing completed
 during the third quarter of 2007. For further information
 regarding the debt refinancing, see Note 11 to the
 Financial Statements. Debt extinguishment costs for the year
 ended December 31, 2006 relate to the call premium to repay
 our 11 Zero Coupon Subordinated Notes due March 31, 2007.

The decrease in equity in income of non-consolidated affiliates
 was partially caused by lower equity in earnings from our
 Venezuelan joint venture El Furrial. El Furrial is a joint
 venture in which we have a 33.3 ownership interest, that
 operates natural gas compression plants in Venezuela. During the
 year ended

44

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2007, we recorded equity income of
 2.6 million related to El Furrial compared to
 6.6 million in equity income for the year ended
 December 31, 2006. In addition, we recorded a charge of
 6.7 million in the third quarter of 2007 on our investment
 in the SIMCO and Harwat Consortium due to an impairment of our
 investment that was determined to be other than temporary. For
 further information regarding the SIMCO and Harwat Consortium
 charge, see Note 8 to the Financial Statements.

The decrease in other (income) expense, net, was primarily due
 to a pre-tax gain of 28.4 million on the sale of our
 U.S. amine treating business in the first quarter of 2006
 and an 8.0 million pre-tax gain on the sale of assets used
 in our fabrication facility in Canada during the second quarter
 of 2006. The decrease in other, net, was partially offset by a
 19.4 million increase in gains on sales of trading
 securities. From time to time, we purchase short-term debt
 securities denominated in U.S. dollars and exchange them
 for short-term debt securities denominated in local currency in
 Latin America to achieve more favorable exchange rates. These
 funds are utilized in our international contract operations
 which have experienced an increase in operating costs due to
 local inflation. The decrease in other, net, was also partially
 offset by an increase in gains from the sale of used equipment
 for the year ended December 31, 2007 as compared to the
 year ended December 31, 2006. Gains on the sale of used
 equipment for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006
 were 7.4 million and 1.8 million, respectively.

Income
 Taxes 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

Increase 

2007 

2006 

(Decrease) 

(In thousands) 

Provision for income taxes

11,894

28,782

(59

Effective tax rate

22.5

25.1

(3

The decrease in the provision for income taxes was primarily due
 to the following factors: (i) a 37.0 million
 reduction in U.S. federal taxes due to a decrease in the
 U.S. component of income from continuing operations before
 income taxes, which was partially offset by benefits previously
 realized in 2006 from the reversal of 36.2 million of
 valuation allowances that had been recorded against
 U.S. net operating loss carryforwards and capital loss
 carryforwards, (ii) an 8.6 million benefit realized
 in 2007 from reversing valuation allowances that were previously
 recorded against net operating losses of certain foreign
 subsidiaries, (iii) a 4.6 million reduction in
 residual U.S. federal tax related to foreign dividends
 paid, or deemed paid, in 2006, and (iv) a net benefit of
 5.6 million from claiming foreign taxes as credits rather
 than deductions in 2007.

Due to income from continuing operations before income taxes in
 2006 and 2007, together with our expectations for 2008 and
 future years, we have reached the conclusion that it is more
 likely than not that certain of our deferred tax assets in the
 U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions will be realized.
 Previously, because of cumulative tax losses in the
 U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions, we were not able to
 reach the more likely than not criteria of
 SFAS No. 109 and had recorded valuation allowances
 against such deferred tax assets. We have recorded valuation
 allowances for certain other deferred tax assets (e.g., net
 operating losses of certain foreign subsidiaries) that are not
 likely to be realized in the future. If we are required to
 record
 and/or 
 reverse additional valuation allowances in the U.S. or in
 foreign jurisdictions, our effective tax rate will be impacted,
 perhaps substantially, compared to the U.S. federal
 statutory rate.

Minority
 Interest 

As of December 31, 2007, minority interest is primarily
 comprised of the portion of the Partnership s capital and
 earnings that is applicable to the 49 limited partner interest
 in the Partnership not owned by us. See Note 2 to the
 Financial Statements. As of December 31, 2006, minority
 interest primarily represented the equity of the entities that
 leased compression equipment to us. These equity interests were
 settled as part of the redemption of Hanover s equipment
 lease obligations, as discussed in Note 11 to the Financial
 Statements.

45

Table of Contents 

Cumulative
 Effect of Accounting Changes, Net of Tax 

On January 1, 2006, we recorded the cumulative effect of a
 change in accounting related to our adoption of
 SFAS No. 123(R), Stock-Based Payments, of
 0.4 million (net of tax of 0) which related to the
 requirement to estimate future forfeitures on restricted stock
 awards.

Year
 Ended December 31, 2006 Compared to Year Ended
 December 31, 2005 

Summary 

Revenue. Our revenue for the year ended
 December 31, 2006 was 1,593.3 million compared to
 revenue of 1,304.3 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2005. Our revenue increased due to improved
 market conditions and our focus on improving sales.

Net Income. Net income for the year ended
 December 31, 2006 was 86.5 million compared with a
 net loss of 38.0 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2005. Our net income improved due to an
 improvement in market conditions and our focus on improving
 sales and margins. In addition, results for the year ended
 December 31, 2006 benefited from a pre-tax gain of
 28.4 million on the sale of our U.S. amine treating
 business, an 8.0 million pre-tax gain on the sale of our
 fabrication facilities in Canada and a benefit from the
 utilization of 36.2 million of net operating and capital
 losses that previously had a valuation allowance (including the
 reversal of 10.2 million of the valuation allowance on our
 net deferred tax assets in the U.S.). Results for the year ended
 December 31, 2006 were also impacted by debt extinguishment
 costs of 5.9 million related to the call premium to repay
 our 11 Zero Coupon Subordinated Notes due March 31, 2007.
 Net loss in 2005 included 7.3 million in debt
 extinguishment costs and 2.5 million related to write-off
 of deferred financing costs.

Summary
 of Business Segment Results 

North
 America Contract Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

Increase 

2006 

2005 

(Decrease) 

(In thousands) 

Revenue

384,292

351,128

9

Cost of Sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense)

156,554

142,657

10

Gross margin

227,738

208,471

9

Gross margin percentage

59

59

0

North America contract operations revenue increased during the
 year ended December 31, 2006, compared to the year ended
 December 31, 2005, due primarily to improvement in market
 conditions that led to an improvement in pricing and an increase
 in contracted horsepower of approximately 3 . Gross margin
 percentage for the year ended December 31, 2006 benefited
 from price increases, but was offset by 2.1 million of
 incremental expenses related to our program to refurbish
 approximately 200,000 horsepower of idle U.S. compression
 equipment and the impact of recording increased incentive
 compensation expenses of approximately 4.3 million,
 including the impact of the adoption of SFAS No. 123
 (Revised 2004), Share-Based Payment 
 SFAS No. 123(R) ).

46

Table of Contents 

International
 Contract Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

Increase 

2006 

2005 

(Decrease) 

(In thousands) 

Revenue

263,228

232,587

13

Cost of Sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense)

96,631

76,512

26

Gross margin

166,597

156,075

7

Gross margin percentage

63

67

(4

During the year ended December 31, 2006, international
 contract operations revenue and gross margin increased, compared
 to the year ended December 31, 2005, primarily due to
 increased revenue in Venezuela, Mexico, Brazil and Argentina.
 Gross margin percentage decreased primarily due to increased
 labor costs in Argentina of approximately 2.2 million and
 higher repair and maintenance costs in Venezuela, Brazil and
 Mexico. Additionally, approximately 9.3 million of
 billings related to the Cawthorne Channel Project in 2006 were
 not recognized due to the local unrest and uncertainty about
 when the project s operations will go back on-line (see
 further discussion in Note 18 of the Financial Statements).

Aftermarket
 Services 

Year Ended December 31, 

Increase 

2006 

2005 

(Decrease) 

(In thousands) 

Revenue

179,043

152,456

17

Cost of Sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense)

139,633

114,535

22

Gross margin

39,410

37,921

4

Gross margin percentage

22

25

(3

Aftermarket services revenue and gross margin for the year ended
 December 31, 2006 increased compared to the year ended
 December 31, 2005 primarily due to an increase in North
 American sales, partially offset by a decrease in international
 sales. Gross margin percentage decreased for the year ended
 December 31, 2006 as compared to the year ended
 December 31, 2005 due to lower margins on North American
 sales.

Fabrication 

Year Ended December 31, 

Increase 

2006 

2005 

(Decrease) 

(In thousands) 

Revenue

766,758

568,140

35

Cost of Sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense)

653,719

505,948

29

Gross margin

113,039

62,192

82

Gross margin percentage

15

11

4

For the year ended December 31, 2006, fabrication revenue,
 gross margin and gross margin percentage increased primarily due
 to improved market conditions that led to higher sales levels,
 better pricing and an improvement in operating efficiencies.
 Gross margin percentage in the year ended December 31, 2006
 compared to the prior year was negatively impacted by 1 from
 increased installation revenues at reduced gross margin
 percentages. In addition, gross margin and gross margin
 percentage during the year ended December 31, 2005 was
 negatively impacted by poor performance on a few jobs. As of
 December 31, 2006, we had fabrication backlog of
 approximately 807.6 million consisting of
 325.1 million of compressor fabrication backlog and
 482.5 million of production equipment fabrication backlog.
 As of December 31,

47

Table of Contents 

2005, we had fabrication backlog of approximately
 373.1 million consisting of 85.4 million of
 compressor fabrication backlog and 287.7 million of
 production equipment fabrication backlog.

Costs and
 expenses 

Year Ended December 31, 

Increase 

2006 

2005 

(Decrease) 

(In thousands) 

Selling, general and administrative

197,282

176,831

12

Depreciation and amortization

175,927

172,649

2

Interest expense

123,496

146,959

(16

Debt extinguishment costs

5,902

7,318

(19

Equity in income of non-consolidated affiliates

(19,430

(21,466

(9

Other (income) expense, net

(50,897

(8,198

521

SG A in 2006 was 197.3 million compared to
 176.8 million in 2005. The increase in SG A expense
 for the year was due primarily to higher compensation expenses
 of approximately 16.1 million, including the impact of our
 adoption of SFAS No. 123(R) and other costs associated
 with the increase in business activity. SG A expenses as a
 percentage of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2006
 decreased to 12 from 14 in the prior year. As a percentage of
 revenues, SG A expense decreased due to our efforts to
 manage SG A costs while achieving an increased level of
 business.

Depreciation and amortization expense for 2006 was
 175.9 million, compared to 172.6 million in 2005.
 The increase in depreciation and amortization expense was
 primarily due to property, plant and equipment additions since
 December 31, 2005.

Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2006
 decreased 23.5 million to 123.5 million, from the
 same period in the prior year. The decrease in interest expense
 was primarily due to a decrease in outstanding debt that was
 primarily due to our August 2005 public offering of
 13.2 million shares of common stock, resulting in
 approximately 179.1 million of net proceeds that we used
 to redeem 167.0 million in indebtedness and repay
 5.2 million in minority interest obligations under our
 2001A compression equipment lease obligations during September
 2005. In addition, our overall effective interest rate on
 outstanding debt decreased to 8.5 for the year ended
 December 31, 2006 from 9.3 for the prior year. This
 decrease in the effective interest rate was primarily due to the
 March 2006 redemption of our 11 Zero Coupon Subordinated Notes
 using proceeds from our public offering of 150 million
 7.5 Senior Notes due 2013 and borrowings under our bank
 credit facility.

Debt extinguishment costs for the year ended December 31,
 2006 were 5.9 million, resulting from the call premium
 paid in connection with the redemption of our 11 Zero Coupon
 Subordinated Notes due March 31, 2007. Debt extinguishment
 costs for the year ended December 31, 2005 were
 7.3 million, resulting from the call premium paid in
 connection with the partial redemption and repayment of the
 2001A compression equipment lease obligations in September 2005.

Equity in income of non-consolidated affiliates decreased by
 2.1 million to 19.4 million during the year ended
 December 31, 2006, from 21.5 million during the year
 ended December 31, 2005. This decrease is primarily due to
 reduced operating results for the SIMCO joint venture caused by
 increased operating costs in 2006.

Other (income) expense, net increased to income of
 50.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2006
 compared to income of 8.2 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2005. The increase in other, net was primarily
 due to a pre-tax gain of 28.4 million on the sale of our
 U.S. amine treating business in the first quarter of 2006
 and an 8.0 million pre-tax gain on the sale of assets used
 in our fabrication facility in Canada during the second quarter
 of 2006. The increase in other (income) expense, net was
 partially offset by a decrease in gains from the sale of used
 equipment for the year ended December 31, 2006. Gains on
 the sale of used equipment for the years ended December 31,
 2006 and 2005 were 1.8 million and 12.1 million,
 respectively. Other (income) expense, net for the year ended
 December 31, 2006 includes a benefit of

48

Table of Contents 

4.3 million for foreign exchange gains as compared to a
 foreign exchange loss of 7.9 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2005.

Income
 Taxes 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

Increase 

2006 

2005 

(Decrease) 

(In thousands) 

Provision for income taxes

28,782

27,714

4

Effective tax rate

25.1

(293.8

319

The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the
 following factors: (i) an increase in the
 U.S. component of income from continuing operations before
 income taxes, which was partially offset by the reversal of
 36.2 million of valuation allowances during 2006 that was
 previously recorded against U.S. net operating loss
 carryforwards and capital loss carryforwards, (ii) the
 impact of changes in loss jurisdictions, (iii) an increase
 of approximately 3.0 million in deferred tax expense
 related to the enactment of the Texas Margin tax, and
 (iv) the reversal of 4.3 million of tax reserves
 during 2005 related to Canadian, Nigerian and Venezuelan tax
 issues that we no longer believe it was probable that the
 liabilities would be incurred or the statute of limitations had
 expired.

Due to the U.S. component of income from continuing
 operations before income taxes in 2006 and our expectations for
 income in 2007 and future years, during the fourth quarter of
 2006, we reached the conclusion that it is more likely than not
 that our net deferred tax assets in the U.S. would be
 realized and we reversed valuation allowances that had been
 recorded in prior years. Previously, because of cumulative tax
 losses in the U.S., we were not able to reach the more
 likely than not criteria of SFAS No. 109 and had
 recorded valuation allowance against our U.S. deferred tax
 assets. We have recorded valuation allowances for certain other
 deferred tax assets (e.g., net operating losses of certain
 foreign subsidiaries) that are not likely to be realized in the
 future. If we are required to record
 and/or 
 reverse additional valuation allowances in the U.S. or
 foreign jurisdictions, our effective tax rate will be impacted,
 perhaps substantially, compared to the U.S. federal
 statutory rate.

Cumulative
 Effect of Accounting Changes, Net of Tax 

On January 1, 2006, we recorded the cumulative effect of a
 change in accounting related to our adoption of
 SFAS No. 123(R) of 0.4 million which relates to
 the requirement to estimate forfeitures on restricted stock
 awards.

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 

Our unrestricted cash balance was 149.2 million at
 December 31, 2007, compared to 73.3 million at
 December 31, 2006. Working capital increased to
 670.5 million at December 31, 2007 from
 326.6 million at December 31, 2006. The increase in
 working capital was primarily attributable to the addition of
 Universal s working capital.

49

Table of Contents 

Our cash flow from operating, investing and financing
 activities, as reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Cash
 Flows, are summarized in the table below (In thousands):

For the Year Ended December 31: 

2007 

2006 

Net cash provided by (used in) continuing operations(1):

Operating activities

239,710

209,535

Investing activities

(302,268

(168,168

Financing activities

135,727

(18,134

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

2,769

2,266

Discontinued operations

(446

Net change in cash and cash equivalents

75,938

25,053

(1) 

The cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2007 include
 Universal s operations for the 134 days from the date
 of the merger, August 20, 2007, through December 31,
 2007. Accordingly, these cash flows are not representative of a
 full year of operating results for Exterran. 

Operating Activities: The increase in cash
 provided by operating activities for the year ended
 December 31, 2007 as compared to the year ended
 December 31, 2006 was primarily due to the payment during
 the year ended December 31, 2006 of 86.1 million of
 interest that had accreted from August 31, 2001 to
 March 31, 2006 on our 11 Zero Coupon Subordinated Notes,
 which were redeemed in the first quarter of 2006. Our 2007 cash
 flows also benefited from a decrease in inventory, excluding the
 impact of the merger, and the inclusion of operating cash flows
 from Universal after the merger date of August 20, 2007.
 Partially offsetting these increases to cash provided by
 operating activities during the year ended December 31,
 2007 were decreases in advance billings and an increase in cost
 in excess of billings, excluding the impact of amounts acquired
 in the merger. The decrease in inventory and advance billings,
 excluding the impact of amounts acquired in the merger, was due
 to the completion of a large project in the Eastern Hemisphere.

Investing Activities: The increase in cash
 used in investing activities during the year ended
 December 31, 2007 as compared to the year ended
 December 31, 2006 was primarily attributable to higher
 capital expenditures during the year ended December 31,
 2007 and 52.1 million of proceeds from sales of businesses
 in the year ended December 31, 2006. This increase in cash
 used in investing activities was partially offset by cash
 acquired in the Universal merger during the year ended
 December 31, 2007.

Financing Activities: The increase in cash
 provided by financing activities was primarily due to increased
 borrowings to fund increased capital expenditures and an
 increase in cash provided from stock option exercises. Cash
 provided by financing activities was also impacted by
 approximately 100 million of stock repurchases made by us
 during the year ended December 31, 2007.

Capital Expenditures: We generally invest
 funds necessary to fabricate fleet additions when our idle
 equipment cannot be reconfigured to economically fulfill a
 project s requirements and the new equipment expenditure is
 expected to generate economic returns, over its expected useful
 life, that exceed our return on capital targets. We currently
 plan to spend approximately 400 million to
 500 million in net capital expenditures during 2008
 including (1) fleet equipment additions and
 (2) approximately 110 million to 120 million on
 equipment maintenance capital.

Long-Term Debt and Debt Refinancing: Following
 the merger of Hanover and Universal, we completed a refinancing
 of a significant amount of our outstanding debt on the merger
 date. We entered into a 1.65 billion senior secured credit
 facility and a 1.0 billion asset-backed securitization
 facility. As a result of this refinancing, substantially all of
 the debt of Universal and Hanover outstanding on the merger date
 has been retired or redeemed, with the exception of
 Hanover s convertible senior debt securities and the credit
 facility of the Partnership. For more information regarding the
 refinancing and the repayment of debt, see Note 11 to the
 Financial Statements.

On August 20, 2007, we entered into a five-year credit
 agreement (the Credit Agreement with various
 financial institutions as the lenders. The Credit Agreement
 consists of (a) a revolving senior secured credit

50

Table of Contents 

facility (the Revolver in the aggregate amount of
 850 million, which includes a variable allocation for a
 Canadian tranche and the ability to issue letters of credit
 under the facility and (b) a term loan senior secured
 credit facility, in the aggregate amount of 800 million
 with principal payments due on multiple dates through June 2013
 (collectively, the Credit Facility ). Subject to
 certain conditions, at our request and with the approval of the
 lenders, the aggregate commitments under the Credit Facility may
 be increased by an additional 400 million less certain
 adjustments, including the amount of any outstanding borrowing
 under the 2007 ABS Facility in excess of 800 million.

The Credit Agreement bears interest, if the borrowings are in
 U.S. dollars, LIBOR or a Base Rate, at our option, plus an
 applicable margin or, if the borrowings are in Canadian dollars,
 at our option, U.S. dollar LIBOR, U.S. dollar Base
 Rate or Canadian prime rate plus the applicable margin or the
 Canadian Dollar bankers acceptance CDOR rate. The applicable margin varies depending on the debt ratings
 of our senior secured indebtedness (i) in the case of LIBOR
 loans, from 0.65 to 1.75 or (ii) in the case of Base Rate
 or Canadian prime rate loans, from 0.0 to 0.75 . The applicable
 margin at December 31, 2007 was 0.825 . The Base Rate is
 the higher of the U.S. Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Rate
 plus 0.5 . At December 31, 2007, all amounts outstanding
 were LIBOR loans and the weighted average interest rate
 excluding the effect of related cash flow hedges was 5.8 .

The Credit Agreement contains various covenants with which we
 must comply, including, but not limited to, limitations on
 incurrence of indebtedness, investments, liens on assets,
 transactions with affiliates, mergers, consolidations, sales of
 assets and other provisions customary in similar types of
 agreements. We must also maintain, on a consolidated basis,
 required leverage and interest coverage ratios. Additionally,
 the Credit Agreement contains customary conditions,
 representations and warranties, events of default and
 indemnification provisions. Our indebtedness under the Credit
 Facility is collateralized by liens on substantially all of our
 personal property in the U.S. and Canada. The assets of the
 Partnership and our wholly-owned subsidiary, Exterran ABS 2007
 LLC (along with its subsidiaries Exterran ABS ), are
 not collateral under the Credit Agreement. We have executed a
 U.S. Pledge Agreement pursuant to which we and our
 Significant Subsidiaries (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 are required to pledge our equity and the equity of certain
 subsidiaries. The Partnership and Exterran ABS are not pledged
 under this agreement and do not guarantee debt under the Credit
 Facility.

As of December 31, 2007, we had 180.0 million in
 outstanding borrowings and 323.2 million in letters of
 credit outstanding under our Revolver. Additional borrowings of
 up to approximately 346.8 million were available under
 that facility as of December 31, 2007.

On August 20, 2007, Exterran ABS entered into a
 1.0 billion asset-backed securitization facility (the
 2007 ABS Facility and issued 400 million of
 Series 2007-1 
 notes under this facility. On September 18, 2007, an
 additional 400 million of
 Series 2007-1 
 notes (collectively with the August 20, 2007 issuance, the
 Series 2007-1 
 Notes were issued under this facility. Interest and fees
 payable to the noteholders will accrue on the
 Series 2007-1 
 Notes at a variable rate consisting of LIBOR plus an applicable
 margin. For outstanding amounts up to 800 million, the
 applicable margin is 0.825 . For amounts outstanding over
 800 million, the applicable margin will be 1.35 . The
 weighted average interest rate at December 31, 2007 on the
 Series 2007-1 
 Notes excluding the effect of related cash flow hedges was 5.9 .
 The
 Series 2007-1 
 Notes are revolving in nature and are payable in July 2012. The
 amount outstanding at any time is limited to the lower of
 (i) 80 of the appraised value of the natural gas
 compression equipment owned by Exterran ABS and its
 subsidiaries, (ii) 4.5 times free cash flow or
 (iii) the amount calculated under an interest coverage
 test. The related indenture contains customary terms and
 conditions with respect to an issuance of asset-backed
 securities, including representations and warranties, covenants
 and events of default.

Repayment of the
 Series 2007-1 
 Notes has been secured by a pledge of all of the assets of
 Exterran ABS, consisting primarily of a fleet of natural gas
 compressors and related contracts to provide compression
 services to our customers. Under the 2007 ABS facility, we had
 9.1 million of restricted cash as of December 31,
 2007.

The Partnership, as guarantor, and EXLP Operating LLC, a
 wholly-owned subsidiary of the Partnership the Operating
 Partnership and together with the Partnership, the
 Partnership Borrowers ), entered into a senior

51

Table of Contents 

secured credit agreement in 2006. The credit facility under the
 credit agreement was expanded in 2007 and consists of a
 five-year 315 million revolving credit facility, which
 matures in October 2011. As of December 31, 2007, there was
 217.0 million in outstanding borrowings under the
 revolving credit facility and 98.0 million was available
 for additional borrowings. Subject to certain conditions, at the
 request of the Partnership, and with the approval of the
 lenders, the aggregate commitments under the revolving credit
 facility may be increased by an additional 135 million.

The Partnership s revolving credit facility bears interest
 at a Base Rate or LIBOR, at the Partnership s option, plus
 an applicable margin. The applicable margin, depending on the
 Partnership s Leverage Ratio, varies (i) in the case
 of LIBOR loans, from 1.0 to 2.0 or (ii) in the case of
 Base Rate loans, from 0.0 to 1.0 . The Base Rate is the higher
 of the U.S. Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5 .
 At December 31, 2007, all amounts outstanding were LIBOR
 loans and the applicable margin was 1.25 . The weighted average
 interest rate on the outstanding balance at December 31,
 2007, excluding the effect of related cash flow hedges, was 6.6 .

Borrowings under the Partnership s credit agreement are
 secured by substantially all of the personal property assets of
 the Partnership Borrowers. In addition, all of the capital stock
 of the Partnership s U.S. restricted subsidiaries has
 been pledged to secure the obligations under the credit
 agreement.

Under the Partnership s credit agreement, the Operating
 Partnership and the Partnership are subject to certain
 limitations, including limitations on their ability to incur
 additional debt or sell assets, with restrictions on the use of
 proceeds; to make certain investments and acquisitions; to grant
 liens; and to pay dividends and distributions. The Partnership
 Borrowers are also subject to financial covenants including a
 total leverage and an interest coverage ratio.

As of December 31, 2007, we had approximately
 2.3 billion in outstanding debt obligations, consisting of
 800.0 million outstanding under the 2007 ABS Facility,
 800.0 million outstanding under our term loan,
 180.0 million outstanding under our 850 million
 revolving credit facility, 335.8 million outstanding under
 our 4.75 convertible notes and 217.0 million outstanding
 under the Partnership s revolving credit facility. We were
 in compliance with our debt covenants as of December 31,
 2007. We have entered into interest rate swap agreements related
 to a portion of our variable rate debt. See Item 7A for
 further discussion of our interest rate swap agreements.

The interest rate we pay under our senior secured credit
 agreement can be affected by changes in our credit rating. As of
 December 31, 2007, our credit ratings as assigned by
 Moody s and Standard Poor s were:

Standard 

Moody s 

Poor s 

Outlook

Stable

Stable

Corporate Family Rating

Ba2

BB

Exterran Senior Secured Credit Facility

Ba2

BB+

4.75 convertible senior notes due 2008

B+

4.75 convertible senior notes due 2014

B+

Historically, we have financed capital expenditures with a
 combination of net cash provided by operating and financing
 activities. Based on current market conditions, we expect that
 net cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to
 finance our operating expenditures, capital expenditures and
 scheduled interest and debt repayments through December 31,
 2008, but to the extent it is not, we may borrow additional
 funds under our credit facilities or we may obtain additional
 debt or equity financing.

Stock Repurchase Program. On August 20,
 2007, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to
 200 million of our common stock through August 19,
 2009. See further discussion of the stock repurchase program in
 Note 14 to the Financial Statements. During the year ended
 December 31, 2007, we repurchased 1,258,400 shares of
 our common stock at an aggregate cost of approximately
 100 million. See Part II, Item 5 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities for information
 regarding our fourth quarter repurchases.

52

Table of Contents 

Office Lease. In August 2007, we entered into
 an office lease agreement to lease approximately
 235,000 square feet of space in Houston that will serve as
 our worldwide headquarters. Our obligation to make lease
 payments will commence in March 2008 and will continue for
 10 years. Base rent under the lease agreement is an
 aggregate of 13.8 million over the first five years and an
 aggregate of 14.6 million over the last five years. We
 have the right to extend the lease for up to ten years at the
 conclusion of the initial ten-year term.

Dividends. We have not paid any cash dividends
 on our common stock since formation, and we do not anticipate
 paying such dividends in the foreseeable future. Our board of
 directors anticipates that all cash flow generated from
 operations in the foreseeable future will be retained and used
 to repay our debt, repurchase our stock or develop and expand
 our business. Any future determinations to pay cash dividends on
 our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of
 directors and will depend on our results of operations and
 financial condition, credit and loan agreements in effect at
 that time and other factors deemed relevant by our board of
 directors.

Partnership Distributions to Unitholders. The
 Partnership s partnership agreement requires it to
 distribute all of its available cash quarterly.
 Under the partnership agreement, available cash is defined to
 generally mean, for each fiscal quarter, (1) cash on hand
 at the Partnership at the end of the quarter in excess of the
 amount of reserves its general partner determines is necessary
 or appropriate to provide for the conduct of its business, to
 comply with applicable law, any of its debt instruments or other
 agreements or to provide for future distributions to its
 unitholders for any one or more of the upcoming four quarters,
 plus, (2) if the Partnership s general partner so
 determines, all or a portion of the Partnership s cash on
 hand on the date of determination of available cash for the
 quarter.

Under the terms of the partnership agreement, there is no
 guarantee that unitholders will receive quarterly distributions
 from the Partnership. The Partnership s distribution policy
 is subject to certain restrictions and may be changed at any
 time, including (1) restrictions contained in the
 Partnership s 315 million revolving credit facility,
 (2) the general partner of the Partnership s
 establishment of reserves to fund future operations or cash
 distributions to the Partnership s unitholders,
 (3) restrictions contained in the Delaware Revised Uniform
 Limited Partnership Act or (4) the Partnership s lack
 of sufficient cash to pay distributions.

Through our ownership of common and subordinated units and all
 of the equity interests in the general partner of the
 Partnership, we expect to receive cash distributions from the
 Partnership. Our rights to receive distributions of cash from
 the Partnership as holder of subordinated units are subordinated
 to the rights of the common unitholders to receive such
 distributions.

On February 14, 2008, the Partnership distributed
 approximately 7.3 million, including distributions to
 their general partner on its incentive distribution rights, or
 0.425 per unit, covering the period from October 1, 2007
 through December 31, 2007.

53

Table of Contents 

Contractual obligations. The following
 summarizes our contractual obligations at December 31, 2007
 and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our
 liquidity and cash flow in future periods:

Total 

2008 

2009-2010 

2011-2012 

Thereafter 

(In thousands) 

Long term Debt(1)

Bank credit facility due 2012

180,000

180,000

Bank senior term loan

800,000

60,000

420,000

320,000

The Partnership s revolving credit facility due 2011

217,000

217,000

2007 ABS Facility notes due 2012

800,000

800,000

4.75 convertible senior notes due 2008(2)

192,000

192,000

4.75 convertible senior notes due 2014

143,750

143,750

Other

177

997

102

75

Total long-term debt

2,333,924

192,997

60,102

1,617,075

463,750

Interest on long-term debt(3)

586,068

120,144

235,957

202,181

27,786

Purchase commitments

649,525

649,525

Facilities and other equipment operating leases

48,247

9,463

9,937

7,391

21,456

Total contractual obligations

3,617,764

972,129

305,996

1,826,647

512,992

(1) 

For more information on our long-term debt, see Note 11 to
 the Financial Statements. 

(2) 

These notes are classified as long-term because we have the
 intent and ability to refinance the notes with available credit. 

(3) 

Interest amounts calculated using interest rates in effect as of
 December 31, 2007, including the effect of interest rate
 swaps. 

At December 31, 2007, 14.6 million of unrecognized
 tax benefits have been recorded as liabilities in accordance
 with FASB Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for
 Uncertainty in Income Taxes FIN 48 and
 we are uncertain as to if or when such amounts may be settled.
 Related to these unrecognized tax benefits, we have recorded a
 liability for potential penalties and interest of
 5.4 million.

Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements 

We have agreed to guarantee obligations of indebtedness of the
 SIMCO/Harwat Consortium, a joint venture in which we own a 35.5 
 interest, and of El Furrial, a joint venture in which we own a
 33.3 interest. Each of these joint ventures is our
 non-consolidated affiliate, and our guarantee obligations are
 not recorded on our accompanying balance sheet. In each case,
 our guarantee obligation is a percentage of the total debt of
 the non-consolidated affiliate equal to our ownership percentage
 in such affiliate. At December 31, 2007, we have guaranteed
 approximately 24.0 million of the debt which is on the
 books of the El Furrial joint venture. Our obligation to perform
 under the guarantees arises only in the event that our
 non-consolidated affiliate defaults under the agreements
 governing the indebtedness. We currently have no reason to
 believe that either of these non-consolidated affiliates will
 default on their indebtedness. For more information on these
 off-balance sheet arrangements, see Note 8 to the Financial
 Statements.

Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements 

For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements that may
 affect us, see Note 20 to the Financial Statements.

54

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Variable
 Rate Debt 

We are exposed to market risk due to variable interest rates
 under our financing arrangements.

As of December 31, 2007, after taking into consideration
 interest rate swaps, we had approximately 887.0 million of
 outstanding indebtedness that was effectively subject to
 floating interest rates. A 1.0 increase in interest rates would
 result in an approximately 8.9 million annual increase in
 our interest expense.

Interest
 Rate Swap Arrangements: 

We are a party to interest rate swap agreements that are
 recorded at fair value in our financial statements. We do not
 use derivative financial instruments for trading or other
 speculative purposes. A change in the underlying interest rates
 may also result in a change in their recorded value.

The following table summarizes, by individual hedge instrument,
 our interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2007 (dollars in
 thousands):

Fair Value of 

Floating Rate to be 

Notional 

Swap at 

Fixed Rate to be Paid 

Maturity Date 

Received 

Amount 

December 31, 2007 

4.035 

March 31, 2010

Three Month LIBOR

56,250

(1)

(186

4.007 

March 31, 2010

Three Month LIBOR

56,250

(1)

(167

3.990 

March 31, 2010

Three Month LIBOR

56,250

(1)

(155

4.037 

March 31, 2010

Three Month LIBOR

56,250

(1)

(188

4.675 

August 20, 2012

One Month LIBOR

150,941

(2)

(4,142

4.744 

July 20, 2012

One Month LIBOR

224,150

(2)

(7,040

4.668 

July 20, 2012

One Month LIBOR

150,000

(2)

(3,891

5.210 

January 20, 2013

One Month LIBOR

60,809

(2)

(2,180

4.450 

September 20, 2019

One Month LIBOR

42,727

(2)

(201

5.020 

September 20, 2019

One Month LIBOR

51,373

(2)

(1,879

5.275 

December 1, 2011

Three Month LIBOR

125,000

(5,893

5.343 

October 20, 2011

Three Month LIBOR

40,000

(2,045

5.315 

October 20, 2011

Three Month LIBOR

40,000

(2,002

(1) 

These swaps amortize ratably over the life of the swap. 

(2) 

Certain of these swaps amortize while the notional amount of
 others increase in corresponding amounts to maintain a
 consistent outstanding notional amount of 680 million. 

All of the swaps, which we have designated as cash flow hedging
 instruments, meet the specific hedge criteria of
 SFAS No. 133, Accounting for Derivative
 Instruments and Hedging Activities, 
 SFAS No. 133 so that any changes in
 their fair values are recognized as a component of comprehensive
 income or loss and are included in accumulated other
 comprehensive income or loss. These swap terms substantially
 coincide with the hedged item and are expected to offset changes
 in expected cash flows due to fluctuations in the variable rate,
 and therefore we currently do not expect a significant amount of
 ineffectiveness on these hedges. We perform quarterly
 calculations to determine if the swap agreements are still
 effective and to calculate any ineffectiveness because the terms
 of the hedged item and the swap do not exactly coincide. For the
 year ended December 31, 2007, we recorded approximately
 1.0 million of interest expense due to the ineffectiveness
 related to these swaps.

55

Table of Contents 

Foreign
 Currency Exchange Risk 

We operate in numerous countries throughout the world and a
 fluctuation in the value of the currencies of these countries
 relative to the U.S. dollar could reduce our profits from
 international operations and the value of the net assets of our
 international operations when reported in U.S. dollars in
 our financial statements. The impact of foreign exchange on our
 statements of operations will depend on the amount of our net
 asset and liability positions exposed to currency fluctuations
 in future periods.

For the year ended December 31, 2007, our Argentine
 operations represented approximately 4 of our revenues and 7 
 of our gross margin. For the year ended December 31, 2007,
 our Venezuelan operations represented approximately 5 of our
 revenues and 9 of our gross margin.

Recently, laws and regulations in Venezuela have been subject to
 frequent and significant changes. These changes have included
 currency controls, restrictions on repatriation of capital,
 expropriation and nationalization of certain firms and
 industries and changes to the tax laws. In addition, exchange
 controls have been put in place which put limitations on the
 amount of Venezuelan currency that can be exchanged for foreign
 currency by businesses operating inside Venezuela. If exchange
 controls remain in place, or economic and political conditions
 in Venezuela deteriorate, our results of operations in Venezuela
 could be materially and adversely affected, which could result
 in reductions in our net income.

The economic situation in Argentina and Venezuela is subject to
 change. To the extent that the situation deteriorates, exchange
 controls continue in place and the value of the peso and bolivar
 against the dollar is reduced further, our results of operations
 in Argentina and Venezuela could be materially and adversely
 affected, which could result in reductions in our net income.

Item 8. 

Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 

The financial statements and supplementary information specified
 by this Item are presented following Item 15 of this report.

Item 9. 

Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
 Financial Disclosure 

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls
 and Procedures 

Conclusion
 Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and
 Procedures 

Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in
 Rule 13a-15(e) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act )) as of December 31, 2007. Based
 on the evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
 financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
 procedures were effective as of December 31, 2007.

Management s
 Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
 Reporting 

As required by Exchange Act
 Rule 13a-15(c) 
 and
 15d-15(c), 
 our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and
 maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
 internal control over financial reporting based on the Internal
 Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
 of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Because
 of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
 reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness as to future
 periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
 inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
 of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 Based on the results of management s evaluation described
 above, management concluded that our internal control over
 financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2007.

56

Table of Contents 

On August 20, 2007, we acquired Universal. See Note 2
 to the Financial Statements for further information on this
 acquisition. We have excluded Universal from the scope of our
 Sarbanes-Oxley Section 404 report on internal controls over
 financial reporting as of December 31, 2007. Universal
 accounted for approximately 40 and 18 , respectively, of our
 consolidated total assets and revenues as of and for the year
 ended December 31, 2007.

The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 as of December 31, 2007, was audited by
 Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered
 public accounting firm, as stated in its report found on the
 following page of this report.

Changes
 in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over financial
 reporting during our fourth quarter of fiscal 2007 that has
 materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
 affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
 Subsequent to the merger between Hanover and Universal
 Compression Holdings, we commenced a project to transition a
 substantial portion of Universal Compression Holdings
 U.S. based operations from its pre-merger enterprise
 resource planning ERP system, which includes its
 financial reporting software such as its general ledger, onto
 our existing ERP system. This is expected to have a material
 impact on our internal controls over financial reporting in the
 quarter ended March 31, 2008.

Item 9B. 

Other
 Information 

None.

57

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of

Exterran Holdings, Inc.

Houston, Texas

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of
 Exterran Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the
 Company as of December 31, 2007, based on the
 criteria established in Internal Control 
 Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As described in the
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over
 Financial Reporting , management excluded from its assessment
 the internal control over financial reporting at Universal
 Compression Holdings, Inc. Universal ), which was
 acquired on August 20, 2007 and whose financial statements
 constitute approximately 40 of total assets and 18 of revenues
 of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for
 the year ended December 31, 2007. Accordingly, our audit
 did not include the internal control over financial reporting at
 Universal. The Company s management is responsible for
 maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
 and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
 over financial reporting, included in the accompanying
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over
 Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an
 opinion on the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
 over financial reporting was maintained in all material
 respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
 internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk
 that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the
 design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
 the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we
 considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
 audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a
 process designed by, or under the supervision of, the
 company s principal executive and principal financial
 officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected
 by the company s board of directors, management, and other
 personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
 internal control over financial reporting includes those
 policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
 reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
 company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
 are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
 statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
 are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
 management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
 unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
 company s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements.

Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over
 financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or
 improper management override of controls, material misstatements
 due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a
 timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the
 effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting
 to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may
 become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
 degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
 deteriorate.

In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material
 respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as
 of December 31, 2007, based on the criteria established in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
 consolidated financial statements and financial statement
 schedule as of and for the year ended December 31, 2007 of
 the Company and our report dated February 29, 2008
 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP

Houston, Texas

February 29, 2008

58

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required in Part III 
 Item 10 of this report will be incorporated by reference to
 our definitive proxy statement under the captions Election
 of Directors and Corporate Governance to be
 filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal
 year.

Item 11. 

Executive
 Compensation 

The information required in Part III 
 Item 11 of this report will be incorporated by reference to
 our definitive proxy statement under the caption Executive
 Compensation to be filed with the SEC within 120 days
 of the end of our fiscal year.

Item 12. 

Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and 
 Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required in Part III 
 Item 12 of this report will be incorporated by reference to
 our definitive proxy statement under the caption Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management to
 be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our
 fiscal year.

Securities
 Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
 Plans 

The following table sets forth information as of
 December 31, 2007, with respect to the Exterran
 compensation plans under which our common stock is authorized
 for issuance, aggregated as follows:

Number of Securities 

Number of Securities 

Remaining Available for 

to be Issued Upon 

Weighted-Average 

Future Issuance Under 

Exercise of 

Exercise Price of 

Equity Compensation Plans 

Outstanding Options, 

Outstanding Options, 

(Excluding Securities 

Warrants and Rights 

Warrants and Rights 

Reflected in Column (a)) 

Plan Category 

(#) 

) 

(#) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders(1)

69,906

78.31

5,267,250

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders(2)

None

None

99,607

Total

69,906

78.31

5,366,857

(1) 

Comprised of the Exterran Holdings, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive
 Plan and the Exterran Holdings, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase
 Plan. In addition to the outstanding options, as of
 December 31, 2007 there were 62,844 outstanding shares of
 unvested restricted stock and/or restricted stock units
 outstanding that were granted under the 2007 Stock Incentive
 Plan. 

(2) 

Comprised of the Exterran Holdings, Inc. Directors Stock
 and Deferral Plan. 

The table above does not include information with respect to
 equity plans we assumed from Hanover or Universal Compression
 Holdings (the Legacy Plans ). No additional grants
 may be made under the Legacy Plans.

59

Table of Contents 

The following equity grants are outstanding under Legacy Plans
 that were approved by security holders:

Number of Shares 

Reserved for Issuance 

Upon the Exercise of 

Weighted- 

Outstanding Stock 

Average 

Shares Available 

Options 

Exercise Price 

for Future Grants 

Plan or Agreement Name 

(#) 

) 

(#) 

Hanover Compressor Company

1997 Stock Option Plan

23,031

30.00

None

Hanover Compressor Company

2001 Equity Incentive Plan

65,337

42.43

None

Hanover Compressor Company

2003 Stock Incentive Plan

176,676

36.06

None

Universal Compression Holdings, Inc.

Incentive Stock Option Plan

1,396,017

31.96

None

In addition, there are 176,488 shares of restricted stock
 and/or restricted stock units issued and outstanding under the
 Hanover Compressor Company 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, and
 90,641 shares of restricted stock issued and outstanding
 under the Universal Compression Holdings, Inc. Restricted Stock
 Plan for Executive Officers.

The following equity grants are outstanding under Legacy Plans
 for which security holder approval was not solicited or obtained:

Number of Shares 

Reserved for Issuance 

Upon the Exercise of 

Weighted- 

Outstanding Stock 

Average 

Shares Available 

Options 

Exercise Price 

for Future Grants 

Plan or Agreement Name 

(#) 

) 

(#) 

Hanover Compressor Company 1998

Stock Option Plan

30,611

41.98

None

Hanover Compressor Company

December 9, 1998 Stock Option Plan

17,405

30.00

None

Hanover Compressor Company

1999 Stock Option Plan

14,048

44.63

None

Item 13. Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions and Director
 Independence 

The information required in Part III 
 Item 13 of this report will be incorporated by reference to
 our definitive proxy statement under the captions Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions and Director
 Independence to be filed with the SEC within 120 days
 of the end of our fiscal year.

Item 14. 

Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required in Part III 
 Item 14 of this report will be incorporated by reference to
 our definitive proxy statement under the caption
 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Auditors 
 to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our
 fiscal year.

60

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) Documents filed as a part of this report. 

1. Financial Statements. The following
 financial statements are filed as a part of this report.

Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm 

F-1

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

F-4

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

F-5

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
 (Loss) 

F-6

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

F-7

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
 Equity 

F-9

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-10

2. Financial Statement Schedule 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying
 Accounts 

S-1

All other schedules have been omitted because they are not
 required under the relevant instructions.

3. Exhibits 

Exhibit 

Description 

2

.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 5, 2007,
 by and among Hanover Compressor Company, Universal Compression
 Holdings, Inc., Iliad Holdings, Inc., Hector Sub, Inc. and
 Ulysses Sub, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1
 of the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed August 20, 2007

2

.2

Amendment No. 1, dated as of June 25, 2007, to
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 5, 2007,
 by and among Hanover Compressor Company, Universal Compression
 Holdings, Inc., Exterran Holdings, Inc. (formerly Iliad
 Holdings, Inc.), Hector Sub, Inc. and Ulysses Sub, Inc.,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed August 20, 2007

2

.3

Amended and Restated Contribution Conveyance and Assumption
 Agreement, dated July 6, 2007, by and among Universal
 Compression, Inc., UCO Compression 2005 LLC, UCI Leasing LLC,
 UCO GP, LLC, UCI GP LP LLC, UCO General Partner, LP, UCI MLP LP
 LLC, UCLP Operating LLC, UCLP Leasing LLC and Universal
 Compression Partners, L.P., incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 2.1 of Universal Compression Holdings, Inc. s
 Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed July 11, 2007

3

.1

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Exterran Holdings,
 Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed August 20, 2007

3

.2

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Exterran Holdings, Inc.,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed August 20, 2007

4

.1

First Supplemental Indenture, dated August 20, 2007, by and
 between Hanover Compressor Company, Exterran Holdings, Inc., and
 Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, for the
 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2008, incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

4

.2

Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 20, 2007, by
 and between Hanover Compressor Company, Exterran Holdings, Inc.,
 and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, for the
 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2014, incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.1 

Exterran Holdings, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

61

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 

Description 

10

.2 

Form of Indemnification Agreement, incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.3

Senior Secured Credit Agreement, dated August 20, 2007, by
 and among Exterran Holdings, Inc., as the U.S. Borrower and a
 Canadian Guarantor, Exterran Canada, Limited Partnership, as the
 Canadian Borrower, Wachovia Bank, National Association,
 individually and as U.S. Administrative Agent, Wachovia Capital
 Finance Corporation (Canada), individually and as Canadian
 Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., individually
 and as Syndication Agent; Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC and
 J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. as the Joint Lead Arrangers and
 Joint Book Runners, Bank of America, N.A., Calyon New York
 Branch and Fortis Capital Corp., as the Documentation Agents,
 and each of the lenders parties thereto or which becomes a
 signatory thereto (the Credit Agreement ),
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.4

U.S. Guaranty Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2007, made
 by Exterran, Inc., EI Leasing LLC, UCI MLP LP LLC, Exterran
 Energy Solutions, L.P. and each of the subsidiary guarantors
 that become a party thereto from time to time, as guarantors, in
 favor of Wachovia Bank, National Association, as the U.S.
 Administrative Agent for the lenders under the Credit Agreement,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.5

U.S. Pledge Agreement made by Exterran Holdings, Inc., Exterran,
 Inc., Exterran Energy Solutions, L.P., Hanover Compression
 General Holdings LLC, Hanover HL, LLC, Enterra Compression
 Investment Company, UCI MLP LP LLC, UCO General Partner, LP, UCI
 GP LP LLC, and UCO GP, LLC, and each of the subsidiaries that
 become a party thereto from time to time, as the Pledgors, in
 favor of Wachovia Bank, National Association, as U.S.
 Administrative Agent for the lenders under the Credit Agreement,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.6

U.S. Collateral Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2007,
 made by Exterran Holdings, Inc., Exterran, Inc., Exterran Energy
 Solutions, L.P., EI Leasing LLC, UCI MLP LP LLC and each of the
 subsidiaries that become a party thereto from time to time, as
 grantors, in favor of Wachovia Bank, National Association, as
 U.S. Administrative Agent, for the lenders under the Credit
 Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.7

Canadian Collateral Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2007
 made by Exterran Canada, Limited Partnership, together with any
 other significant Canadian subsidiary that executes a joinder
 agreement and becomes a party to the Credit Agreement, in favor
 of Wachovia Capital Finance Corporation (Canada), as Canadian
 Administrative Agent, for the Canadian Tranche Revolving
 Lenders under the Credit Agreement, incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.8

Indenture, dated August 20, 2007, by and between Exterran
 ABS 2007 LLC, as Issuer, Exterran ABS Leasing 2007 LLC, as
 Exterran ABS Lessor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
 as Indenture Trustee, with respect to the 1,000,000,000
 asset-backed securitization facility consisting of
 1,000,000,000 of
 Series 2007-1 
 Notes (the Indenture ), incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.9

Series 2007-1 
 Supplement, dated as of August 20, 2007, to the Indenture,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.10

Guaranty, dated as of August 20, 2007, issued by Exterran
 Holdings, Inc. for the benefit of Exterran ABS 2007 LLC as
 Issuer, Exterran ABS Leasing 2007 LLC, as Equipment Lessor and
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, , as Indenture Trustee,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.11

Management Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2007, by and
 between Exterran, Inc., as Manager, Exterran ABS Leasing 2007
 LLC as ABS Lessor and Exterran ABS 2007 LLC, as Issuer,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

62

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 

Description 

10

.12

Intercreditor and Collateral Agency Agreement, dated as of
 August 20, 2007, by and among Exterran, Inc., in its
 individual capacity and as Manager, Exterran ABS 2007 LLC, as
 Issuer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Indenture
 Trustee, Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Bank Agent,
 various financial institutions as lenders thereto and JP Morgan
 Chase Bank, N.A., in its individual capacity and as
 Intercreditor Collateral Agent, incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.12 of the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.13

Intercreditor and Collateral Agency Agreement, dated as of
 August 20, 2007, by and among Exterran Energy Solutions,
 L.P., in its individual capacity and as Manager, Exterran ABS
 2007 LLC, as Issuer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as
 Indenture Trustee, Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Bank
 Agent, various financial institutions as lenders thereto and
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, in its individual
 capacity and as Intercreditor Collateral Agent, incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.14 

Exterran Holdings, Inc. Directors Stock and Deferral Plan,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.15 

Consulting Agreement between Exterran Holdings, Inc. and Ernie
 L. Danner, dated August 20, 2007, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.17 of the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.16 

Exterran Holdings, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Registrant s
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q 
 filed on November 6, 2007

10

.17 

Form of Exterran Holdings, Inc. Change of Control Agreement,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.18 

Form of Amendment No. 1 to Hanover Compressor Company
 Change of Control Agreement, incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.20 of Exterran the Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.19

Office Lease Agreement by and between RFP Lincoln Greenspoint,
 LLC and Exterran Energy Solutions, L.P., incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 30, 2007

10

.20

Omnibus Agreement, dated October 20, 2006, by and among
 Universal Compression Partners, L.P., UC Operating Partnership,
 L.P., UCO GP, LLC, UCO General Partner, LP, Universal
 Compression, Inc., Universal Compression Holdings, Inc. and UCLP
 OLP GP LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of
 Universal Compression Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on October 26, 2006

10

.21

First Amendment to Omnibus Agreement, dated July 9, 2007,
 by and among Universal Compression Partners, L.P., Universal
 Compression Holdings, Inc., Universal Compression, Inc., UCO GP,
 LLC, UCO General Partner, LP and UCLP Operating LLC,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Universal
 Compression Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on July 11, 2007

10

.22

First Amended and Restated Omnibus Agreement, dated as of
 August 20, 2007, by and among Exterran Holdings, Inc.,
 Exterran, Inc., UCO GP, LLC, UCO General Partner, LP, Exterran
 Partners, L.P., EXLP Operating LLC and Exterran Energy
 Solutions, L.P. (portions of this exhibit have been omitted and
 filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 pursuant to a confidential treatment request under
 Rule 24b-2 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended),
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of the
 Registrant s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q 
 filed on November 6, 2007

10

.23 

Amendment Number Two to Universal Compression Holdings, Inc.
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 of Universal Compression Holdings, Inc. s
 Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 3, 2007

10

.24 

First Amendment to Universal Compression, Inc. 401(k) Retirement
 and Savings Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
 of Universal Compression Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 3, 2007

10

.25 

Form of Amendment to Grant of Unit Appreciation Rights,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Universal
 Compression Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 3, 2007

63

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 

Description 

10

.26 

Form of Amendment to Incentive and Non-Qualified Stock Option
 Award Agreements of Ernie L. Danner, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.4 of Universal Compression Holdings,
 Inc. s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 3, 2007

10

.27 

Form of Unit Option Grant, incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 3 to Exterran Partners,
 L.P. s Registration Statement on
 Form S-1 
 filed October 4, 2006 (File
 No. 333-135351) 

10

.28 

Form of Amendment to Unit Option Award Agreement, incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Universal Compression
 Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 3, 2007

10

.29 

Exterran Holdings, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan

10

.30 

Exterran Employees Supplemental Savings Plan

10

.31 

Exterran Annual Performance Pay Plan

10

.32 

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Notice

10

.33 

Form of Restricted Stock Award Notice

10

.34 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice

10

.35 

Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Notice

10

.36 

Form of Grant of Unit Appreciation Rights

10

.37 

Letter dated March 15, 2001, with respect to certain
 retirement benefits to be provided to Stephen A. Snider,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 of Universal
 Compression Holdings, Inc. s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2001

21

.1 

List of Subsidiaries

23

.1 

Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP

23

.2 

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

31

.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

31

.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32

.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32

.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed herewith. 

The registrant hereby agrees to supplementally furnish the
 staff, on a confidential basis, a copy of any omitted schedule
 upon the staff s request. 

64

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused
 this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
 thereunto duly authorized.

Exterran Holdings, Inc.

/s/ STEPHEN
 A. SNIDER 

Name: Stephen A. Snider

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

Date: February 29, 2008

65

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons
 on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
 dates indicated.

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ STEPHEN
 A. SNIDER

Stephen
 A. Snider

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal
 Executive Officer)

February 29, 2008

/s/ J.
 MICHAEL ANDERSON

J.
 Michael Anderson

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal
 Financial Officer)

February 29, 2008

/s/ KENNETH
 R. BICKETT

Kenneth
 R. Bickett

Vice President and Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting
 Officer)

February 29, 2008

/s/ JANET
 F. CLARK

Janet
 F. Clark

Director

February 29, 2008

/s/ ERNIE
 L. DANNER

Ernie
 L. Danner

Director

February 29, 2008

/s/ URIEL
 E. DUTTON

Uriel
 E. Dutton

Director

February 29, 2008

/s/ GORDON
 T. HALL

Gordon
 T. Hall

Director

February 29, 2008

/s/ J.W.G.
 HONEYBOURNE

J.W.G.
 Honeybourne

Director

February 29, 2008

/s/ JOHN
 E. JACKSON

John
 E. Jackson

Director

February 29, 2008

/s/ WILLIAM
 C. PATE

William
 C. Pate

Director

February 29, 2008

/s/ STEPHEN
 M. PAZUK

Stephen
 M. Pazuk

Director

February 29, 2008

66

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of

Exterran Holdings, Inc.

Houston, Texas

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of
 Exterran Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the
 Company as of December 31, 2007, and the
 related consolidated statements of operations,
 stockholders equity, comprehensive income (loss), and cash
 flows for the year ended December 31, 2007. These financial
 statements are the responsibility of the Company s
 management. Our audit also included the financial statement
 schedule for the year ended December 31, 2007 listed in the
 Index at Item 15. These financial statements and financial
 statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company s
 management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
 financial statements based on our audit. The consolidated
 financial statements and financial statement schedule of the
 Company for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005,
 before the effects to retrospectively adjust for (1) the
 change in classification of supply chain costs within the
 consolidated statements of operations, (2) the effect of
 the reverse stock split on Exterran s outstanding common
 stock and earnings per share calculation, and (3) the
 change in the composition of reportable segments including the
 reclassification on the consolidated statements of operations of
 the related revenues and costs of sales (excluding depreciation
 and amortization) discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated
 financial statements, were audited by other auditors whose
 report, dated February 14, 2007, expressed an unqualified
 opinion on those statements.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
 test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
 the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
 statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a
 reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present
 fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
 Company at December 31, 2007, and the results of their
 operations and their cash flows for the year ended
 December 31, 2007, in conformity with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our
 opinion, such financial statement schedule for the year ended
 December 31, 2007, when considered in relation to the basic
 consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present
 fairly, in all material aspects, the information set forth
 therein.

We also have audited the adjustments to the 2006 and 2005
 consolidated financial statements to retrospectively adjust for
 (1) the change in classification of supply chain costs
 within the consolidated statements of operations, (2) the
 effect of the reverse stock split on Exterran s outstanding
 common stock and earnings per share calculation, and
 (3) the change in the composition of reportable segments in
 2007 including the reclassification on the consolidated
 statements of operations of the related revenues and costs of
 sales (excluding depreciation and amortization), as discussed in
 Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. Our
 procedures relating to the presentation of supply chain costs
 and the change in accounting included (1) comparing the
 adjustment amounts of costs to the Company s underlying
 analysis and (2) testing the mathematical accuracy to the
 consolidated financial statements. Our procedures relating to
 the reverse stock split included (1) comparing the
 previously reported shares outstanding and earnings per share
 amounts per the Company s accounting analysis to the
 previously issued consolidated financial statements,
 (2) comparing the amounts shown in the earnings per share
 disclosures for 2006 and 2005 to the Company s underlying
 accounting analysis, and (3) recalculating the shares and
 earnings per share amounts to give effect to the reverse stock
 split and testing the mathematical accuracy of the underlying
 analysis. Our procedures relating to the change in reportable
 segments included (1) comparing the adjustment amounts of
 segment revenues, operating income and assets to the
 Company s underlying analysis and (2) testing the
 mathematical accuracy of reclassifications on the consolidated
 statements of operations of the related revenues and costs of
 sales (excluding depreciation and amortization) and the
 reconciliations of segment amounts to the consolidated financial
 statements. In our opinion, such retrospective adjustments are
 appropriate and have been properly

F-1

Table of Contents 

applied. However, we were not engaged to audit, review, or apply
 any procedures to the 2006 and 2005 consolidated financial
 statements of the Company other than with respect to the
 retrospective adjustments and, accordingly, we do not express an
 opinion or any other form of assurance on the 2006 and 2005
 consolidated financial statements taken as a whole.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
 Company s internal control over financial reporting as of
 December 31, 2007, based on the criteria established in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission and our report dated February 29, 2008,
 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal
 control over financial reporting (such report excludes the
 internal control over financial reporting related to the
 operations acquired from Universal Compression Holdings, Inc.).

DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP

Houston, Texas

February 29, 2008

F-2

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of

Exterran Holdings, Inc. (formerly Hanover Compressor Company):

In our opinion, the consolidated balance sheet as of
 December 31, 2006 and the related consolidated statements
 of operations, of comprehensive income (loss), of common
 stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of two
 years in the period ended December 31, 2006, before the
 effects of the adjustments to retrospectively reflect
 (1) the change in classification of supply chain costs
 within the consolidated statements of operations, (2) the
 effect of the reverse stock split on Hanover s outstanding
 common stock and earnings per share calculation, and
 (3) the change in the composition of reportable segments
 including the reclassification on the consolidated statements of
 operations of the related revenues and costs of sales (excluding
 depreciation and amortization), all described in Note 1,
 present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
 of Exterran Holdings, Inc. (formerly Hanover Compressor Company)
 and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2006, and the results
 of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two
 years in the period ended December 31, 2006, in conformity
 with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
 States of America (the 2006 and 2005 financial statements before
 the effects of the adjustments discussed in Note 1 are not
 presented herein). In addition, in our opinion, the financial
 statement schedule for the each of the two years in the period
 ended December 31, 2006 presents fairly, in all material
 respects, the information set forth therein when read in
 conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements
 before the effects of the adjustments described above. These
 financial statements and financial statement schedule are the
 responsibility of the Company s management. Our
 responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
 statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits.
 We conducted our audits, before the effects of the adjustments
 described above, of these statements in accordance with the
 standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
 perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
 the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An
 audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
 the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements,
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant
 estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
 financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
 provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

We were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any procedures to
 the adjustments to retrospectively reflect (1) the change
 in classification of supply chain costs within the consolidated
 statements of operations, (2) the effect of the reverse
 stock split on Hanover s outstanding common stock and
 earnings per share calculation, and (3) the change in the
 composition of reportable segments including the
 reclassification on the consolidated statements of operations of
 the related revenues and costs of sales (excluding depreciation
 and amortization), all described in Note 1 and accordingly,
 we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance
 about whether such adjustments are appropriate and have been
 properly applied. Those adjustments were audited by other
 auditors.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Houston, Texas

February 14, 2007

F-3

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2007 

2006 

(In thousands, except par value and share amounts) 

ASSETS 

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

149,224

73,286

Restricted cash

9,133

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of 10,846 and 4,938,
 respectively

516,072

283,073

Inventory, net

411,436

308,093

Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on
 uncompleted contracts

203,932

109,732

Current deferred income taxes

41,648

20,129

Other current assets

145,159

86,350

Total current assets

1,476,604

880,663

Property, plant and equipment, net

3,533,505

1,863,452

Goodwill, net

1,455,881

181,098

Intangible and other assets

311,457

55,702

Investments in non-consolidated affiliates

86,076

89,974

Total assets

6,863,523

3,070,889

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities:

Current maturities of long-term debt and short-term debt

997

4,888

Accounts payable, trade

221,391

136,908

Accrued liabilities

326,163

147,320

Advance billings

169,830

170,859

Billings on uncompleted contracts in excess of costs and
 estimated earnings

87,741

94,123

Total current liabilities

806,122

554,098

Long-term debt

2,332,927

1,365,043

Other liabilities

89,012

48,953

Deferred income taxes

281,898

76,522

Total liabilities

3,509,959

2,044,616

Commitments and contingencies (Note 18)

Minority interest

191,304

11,991

Stockholders equity:

Preferred stock, 0.01 and 0.001 par value, respectively;
 50,000,000 and 975,000 shares authorized, respectively;
 zero issued

Common stock, 0.01 and 0.001 par value, respectively;
 250,000,000 shares and 65,000,000 shares authorized,
 respectively; 66,574,419 and 33,743,363 shares issued,
 respectively

666

34

Additional paid-in capital

3,317,321

1,104,800

Accumulated other comprehensive income

13,004

12,983

Accumulated deficit

(68,733

(99,565

Treasury stock 1,287,237 and 146,173 common shares,
 at cost, respectively

(99,998

(3,970

Total stockholders equity

3,162,260

1,014,282

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

6,863,523

3,070,889

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
 statements.

F-4

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Revenues:

North America contract operations

551,140

384,292

351,128

International contract operations

336,807

263,228

232,587

Aftermarket services

274,489

179,043

152,456

Fabrication

1,378,049

766,758

568,140

2,540,485

1,593,321

1,304,311

Costs and Expenses:

Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense):

North America contract operations

232,238

156,554

142,657

International contract operations

126,861

96,631

76,512

Aftermarket services

214,497

139,633

114,535

Fabrication

1,144,580

653,719

505,948

Selling, general and administrative

265,057

197,282

176,831

Merger and integration expenses

46,723

Depreciation and amortization

252,716

175,927

172,649

Fleet impairment

61,945

Interest expense

130,092

123,496

146,959

Debt extinguishment costs

70,150

5,902

7,318

Equity in (income) loss of non-consolidated affiliates

(12,498

(19,430

(21,466

Other (income) expense, net

(44,646

(50,897

(8,198

2,487,715

1,478,817

1,313,745

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and
 minority interest

52,770

114,504

(9,434

Provision for income taxes

11,894

28,782

27,714

Minority interest, net of taxes

6,307

Income (loss) from continuing operations

34,569

85,722

(37,148

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax

368

(756

Gain (loss) from sales of discontinued operations, net of tax

63

(113

Income (loss) before cumulative effect of accounting changes

34,569

86,153

(38,017

Cumulative effect of accounting changes, net of tax

370

Net income (loss)

34,569

86,523

(38,017

Basic income (loss) per common share:

Income (loss) from continuing operations

0.76

2.61

(1.25

Income from discontinued operations, net of tax

0.01

(0.03

Cumulative effect of accounting changes, net of tax

0.01

Net income (loss)

0.76

2.63

(1.28

Diluted income (loss) per common share:

Income (loss) from continuing operations

0.75

2.48

(1.25

Income from discontinued operations, net of tax

0.02

(0.03

Cumulative effect of accounting changes, net of tax

0.01

Net income (loss)

0.75

2.51

(1.28

Weighted average common and equivalent shares outstanding:

Basic

45,580

32,883

29,756

Diluted

46,300

36,411

29,756

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
 statements.

F-5

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

(In thousands) 

Net income (loss)

34,569

86,523

(38,017

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:

Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments

(17,596

608

Foreign currency translation adjustment

17,617

(2,231

(2,912

Comprehensive income (loss)

34,590

84,292

(40,321

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
 statements.

F-6

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

(In thousands) 

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income (loss)

34,569

86,523

(38,017

Adjustments:

Depreciation and amortization

252,716

175,927

172,649

Fleet impairment

61,945

Deferred financing cost amortization and write-off

21,120

5,489

10,032

(Income) loss from discontinued operations, net of tax

(431

869

Cumulative effect of accounting changes, net of tax

(370

Minority interest

6,307

Bad debt expense

2,650

2,465

1,955

Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment

(8,082

(11,798

(13,183

Equity in (income) loss of non-consolidated affiliates, net of
 dividends received

(3,982

(1,831

(2,783

Interest rate swaps

(1,151

416

(Gain) loss on remeasurement of intercompany balances

(5,408

(2,061

12,155

Net realized gain on trading securities

(24,275

(4,873

Zero coupon subordinated notes accreted interest paid by
 refinancing

(86,084

Gain on sale of business

(28,476

(367

Stock compensation expense

23,311

9,773

5,676

Pay-in-kind 
 interest on zero coupon subordinated notes

6,282

23,336

Sales of trading securities

49,165

23,344

Purchases of trading securities

(24,890

(18,471

Deferred income taxes

(43,214

140

19,304

Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:

Accounts receivable and notes

(37,759

(31,539

(45,061

Inventory

93,893

(59,944

(73,936

Costs and estimated earnings versus billings on uncompleted
 contracts

(93,946

51,298

(21,117

Prepaid and other current assets

(19,936

(35,058

(15,840

Accounts payable and other liabilities

23,758

51,268

41,037

Advance billings

(93,849

81,885

47,549

Other

26,768

(3,923

(1,804

Net cash provided by continuing operations

239,710

209,535

122,870

Net cash provided by discontinued operations

(446

(383

Net cash provided by operating activities

239,710

209,089

122,487

Cash flows from investing activities:

Capital expenditures

(352,190

(246,583

(155,146

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment

36,277

26,290

51,101

Proceeds from the sale of business

52,125

2,724

Cash paid for business combinations

(10,709

(3,426

Increase in restricted cash

(9,133

Cash acquired in merger

36,582

Cash advanced to/invested in non-consolidated affiliates

(3,095

(500

Net cash used in continuing operations

(302,268

(168,168

(105,247

Net cash provided by discontinuing operations

1,220

Net cash used in investing activities

(302,268

(168,168

(104,027

F-7

Table of Contents 

Years Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

(In thousands) 

Cash flows from financing activities:

Borrowings on revolving credit facilities

939,400

196,500

152,000

Repayments on revolving credit facilities

(779,400

(224,500

(111,000

Proceeds from issuance of senior notes

150,000

Payments for debt issue costs

(13,095

(3,832

(2,592

Proceeds from stock options exercised

27,271

5,675

4,990

Proceeds from equity offering, net of issuance costs

179,100

Repayment of zero coupon subordinated notes principal

(150,000

Stock-based compensation excess tax benefit

10,737

1,516

Proceeds from issuance of term loan

800,000

Proceeds from ABS credit facility

800,000

Proceeds from the Partnership credit facility, net

6,000

Repayment of senior notes

(550,000

Purchases of treasury stock

(99,998

Repayment of debt assumed in merger

(601,970

Repayment of 2000B equipment lease notes

(57,589

Repayment of 2001A equipment lease notes

(137,123

(172,177

Repayment of 2001B equipment lease notes

(257,750

Distributions to non-controlling partners in the Partnership

(3,336

Borrowings of other debt

7,673

2,180

Repayments of other debt

(5,009

(1,166

(1,802

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

135,727

(18,134

(6,890

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and equivalents

2,769

2,266

(1,413

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents

75,938

25,053

10,157

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

73,286

48,233

38,076

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

149,224

73,286

48,233

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:

Interest paid, net of capitalized amounts

139,039

196,745

118,787

Income taxes paid, net

21,923

20,722

18,471

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash transactions:

Assets sold in exchange for note receivable

1,600

Conversion of deferred stock option liability

35

282

Conversion of debt to common stock

81,682

1,447

Conversion of Universal stock options to Exterran stock options

67,574

Common stock issued in the merger

2,003,525

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
 statements.

F-8

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accumulated 

Deferred 

Additional 

Other 

Compensation- 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Comprehensive 

Treasury Stock 

Restricted 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income (Loss) 

Shares 

Amount 

Stock Grants 

Deficit 

(In thousands, except share data) 

Balance at December 31, 2004

28,487,540

28

913,077

17,518

(215,088

(7,307

(15,180

(148,071

Exercise of stock options

508,418

1

5,271

Foreign currency translation adjustment

(2,912

Interest rate swap agreement gain, net of tax

608

Issuance of restricted stock grants, net of forfeitures, net of
 amortization expense

6,565

401

96,109

3,344

1,931

Issuance of common stock for stockholder litigation

4,275,175

4

179,087

Net loss

(38,017

Balance at December 31, 2005

33,277,698

33

1,097,836

15,214

(118,979

(3,963

(13,249

(186,088

Option exercise

175,102

5,709

Stock options expense

1,734

Foreign currency translation adjustment

(2,231

Issuance of restricted stock grants, net of forfeitures and
 cancellations

264,249

1

8,046

(27,194

(7

Convertible debentures converted to common stock

26,314

1,447

Cumulative effect of change in accounting related to adoption of
 FASB 123(R)

(370

Income tax benefit from stock compensation expense

3,647

Reversal of deferred compensation due to adoption of FASB 123(R)

(13,249

13,249

Net income

86,523

Balance at December 31, 2006

33,743,363

34

1,104,800

12,983

(146,173

(3,970

(99,565

Record purchase price for Universal acquisition

30,273,866

302

2,070,796

Change in par value

(3,301

305

(305

Unvested shares of restricted stock assumed in the merger

94,911

1

Convertible debentures converted to common stock

1,588,993

16

81,666

Treasury stock purchased

(1,258,400

(99,998

Retirement of treasury shares

(153,191

(2

(3,968

153,191

3,970

Option exercises

820,672

8

27,263

Issuance of 401(k) shares

8,363

683

Stock-based compensation, net of forfeitures

200,743

2

23,309

(35,855

Income tax benefit from stock compensation expense

13,077

Cumulative effect of change in accounting related to adoption of
 FIN 48

(3,737

Interest rate swaps change in fair value, net of tax

(17,596

Foreign currency translation adjustment

17,617

Net income

34,569

Balance at December 31, 2007

66,574,419

666

3,317,321

13,004

(1,287,237

(99,998

(68,733

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
 statements.

F-9

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 

Background
 and Significant Accounting Policies 

Exterran Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries
 we, us, our, or
 Exterran ), is a global market leader in the full
 service natural gas compression business and a premier provider
 of operations, maintenance, service and equipment for oil and
 natural gas production, processing and transportation
 applications. We sell equipment and provide complete operation
 and maintenance services for both customer-owned equipment and
 our fleet. Our global customer base consists of companies
 engaged in all aspects of the oil and natural gas industry,
 including large integrated oil and natural gas companies,
 national oil and natural gas companies, independent producers
 and natural gas processors, gatherers and pipelines. Our
 maintenance business, together with our parts and service
 business, provides solutions to customers that own their own
 compression and surface production and processing equipment, but
 want to outsource their operations. We also fabricate compressor
 and oil and natural gas production and processing equipment and
 provide natural gas processing and treating and oilfield power
 generation services, as a complement to our compression
 services. In addition, we provide engineering, procurement and
 fabrication of critical process equipment for refinery and
 petrochemical facilities and construction of tank farms and
 evaporators and brine heaters for desalination plants.

We were incorporated on February 2, 2007 as Iliad Holdings,
 Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Universal Compression
 Holdings, Inc. Universal ), and thereafter changed
 our name to Exterran Holdings, Inc. On August 20, 2007, in
 accordance with their merger agreement, Universal and Hanover
 Compressor Company Hanover merged into a
 wholly-owned subsidiary of ours. As a result of the merger, we
 became the parent entity of Universal and Hanover. Hanover was
 determined to be the acquirer for accounting purposes and,
 therefore, our financial statements reflect Hanover s
 historical results for periods prior to the merger date. We have
 included the financial results of Universal s operations in
 our consolidated financial statements beginning August 20,
 2007. References to our , we and
 us refer to Hanover for periods prior to the merger
 date and to Exterran for periods on or after the merger date.

As a result of the merger between Hanover and Universal, each
 outstanding share of common stock of Universal was converted
 into one share of Exterran common stock and each outstanding
 share of Hanover common stock was converted into
 0.325 shares of Exterran common stock. All share and per
 share amounts in these consolidated financial statements and
 related notes have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the
 conversion ratio of Hanover common stock for all periods
 presented.

Subsequent to the merger between Hanover and Universal, we
 evaluated our management process for analyzing the performance
 of our operations. We have changed our segment reporting in
 accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
 principles in order to enable investors to view our operations
 in a manner similar to the way management does. Our Fabrication
 segment previously reported three product lines: Compressor and
 Accessory Fabrication, Production and Processing
 Fabrication Surface Equipment and Production and
 Processing Fabrication Belleli. We also renamed
 three of our segments as follows: U.S. Rentals is now
 referred to as North America Contract Operations; International
 Rentals is now referred to as International Contract Operations;
 and Parts, Service and Used Equipment is now referred to as
 Aftermarket Services. North America Contract Operations includes
 U.S. and Canada contract operations. The changes in our
 reportable segments, including the reclassification on the
 consolidated statements of operations of the related revenues
 and costs of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization),
 have been made to all periods presented within this Annual
 Report on
 Form 10-K. 

In addition, we reclassified our used equipment sales to report
 these transactions within other income and expense and
 reclassified installation sales from Aftermarket Services to our
 Fabrication segment. Additionally, we reclassified our supply
 chain department to include it as part of cost of sales rather
 than a component of selling, general and administrative expense.
 We have made these reclassifications to all periods presented
 within this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K. 

F-10

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Principles
 of Consolidation 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include
 Exterran and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries.
 All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been
 eliminated in consolidation. Investments in affiliated entities
 in which we own more than a 20 interest and do not have a
 controlling interest are accounted for using the equity method.

Use of
 Estimates in the Financial Statements 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
 generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
 make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount
 of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as the
 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. Because of the
 inherent uncertainties in this process, actual future results
 could differ from those expected at the reporting date.
 Management believes that the estimates and assumptions used are
 reasonable.

Our operations are influenced by many factors, including the
 global economy, international laws and currency exchange rates.
 Contractions in the more significant economies of the world
 could have a substantial negative impact on the rate of our
 growth and profitability. Acts of war or terrorism could
 influence these areas of risk and our operations. Doing business
 in international locations subjects us to various risks and
 considerations including, but not limited to, economic and
 political conditions abroad, currency exchange rates, tax laws
 and other laws and trade restrictions.

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents 

We consider all highly liquid investments purchased with an
 original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

Restricted
 Cash 

Restricted cash consists of cash restricted for use to pay for
 distributions and expenses incurred under our asset-backed
 securitization facility (see Note 11). Therefore,
 restricted cash is excluded from cash and cash equivalents in
 the balance sheet and statement of cash flows.

Revenue
 Recognition 

Revenue from contract operations is recorded when earned, which
 generally occurs monthly at the time the monthly service is
 provided to customers in accordance with the contracts.
 Aftermarket Services revenue is recorded as products are
 delivered and title is transferred or services are performed for
 the customer.

Fabrication revenue is recognized using the
 percentage-of-completion method when the applicable criteria are
 met. We estimate percentage-of-completion for compressor and
 accessory fabrication on a direct labor hour to total labor hour
 basis. Production and processing equipment fabrication
 percentage-of-completion is estimated using the direct labor
 hour to total labor hour and the cost to total cost basis. The
 typical duration of these projects is typically between three
 and thirty-six months.

Concentrations
 of Credit Risk 

Financial instruments that potentially subject us to
 concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash
 equivalents, accounts receivable, advances to non-consolidated
 affiliates and notes receivable. We believe that the credit risk
 in temporary cash investments that we have with financial
 institutions is minimal. Trade accounts and notes receivable are
 due from companies of varying size engaged principally in oil
 and natural gas activities throughout the world. We review the
 financial condition of customers prior to extending credit and
 generally do not obtain collateral for trade receivables.
 Payment terms are on a short-term basis and in

F-11

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

accordance with industry practice. We consider this credit risk
 to be limited due to these companies financial resources,
 the nature of products and the services we provide them and the
 terms of our contract operations service contracts.

The allowance for doubtful accounts is our best estimate of the
 amount of probable credit losses in our existing accounts
 receivable. We determine the allowance based on historical
 write-off experience. We review the adequacy of our allowance
 for doubtful accounts quarterly. Balances aged greater than
 90 days are reviewed individually for collectibility. In
 addition, all other balances are reviewed based on significance
 and customer payment histories. Account balances are charged off
 against the allowance after all means of collection have been
 exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote.
 During the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005,
 our bad debt expense was 2.7 million, 2.5 million
 and 2.0 million, respectively.

Inventory 

Inventory consists of parts used for fabrication or maintenance
 of natural gas compression equipment and facilities, processing
 and production equipment, and also includes compression units
 and production equipment that are held for sale. Inventory is
 stated at the lower of cost or market using the average-cost
 method. A reserve is recorded against inventory balances for
 estimated obsolescence. This reserve is based on specific
 identification and historical experience.

Trading
 Securities 

Beginning in 2006, we purchased short-term debt securities
 denominated in U.S. dollars and exchanged them for
 short-term debt securities denominated in local currency in
 Latin America to achieve more favorable exchange rates. These
 debt securities are classified as trading securities because we
 hold them for a short period of time and have frequent buying
 and selling. No trading securities were held as of
 December 31, 2007 and 2006.

Property,
 Plant and Equipment 

Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost and are
 depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated
 useful lives as follows:

Compression equipment, facilities and other fleet assets

4 to 30 years

Buildings

20 to 35 years

Transportation, shop equipment and other

3 to 12 years

Major improvements that extend the useful life of an asset are
 capitalized. Repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.
 When fleet units are sold, retired or otherwise disposed of, the
 gain or loss is recorded in other (income)/expense. Interest is
 capitalized in connection with equipment and facilities meeting
 specific thresholds that are constructed for Exterran s use
 in our contract operations business until such equipment is
 complete. The capitalized interest is recorded as part of the
 asset to which it relates and is amortized over the asset s
 estimated useful life.

Computer
 software 

Certain costs related to the development or purchase of
 internal-use software are capitalized and amortized over the
 estimated useful life of the software which ranges from three to
 five years. Costs related to the preliminary project stage, data
 conversion and the post-implementation/operation stage of an
 internal-use computer software development project are expensed
 as incurred.

F-12

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Long-Lived
 Assets, other than Intangibles 

We review for the impairment of long-lived assets, including
 property, plant and equipment, and assets held for sale whenever
 events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
 amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss
 exists when estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result
 from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition are less
 than its carrying amount. The impairment loss recognized
 represents the excess of the asset s carrying value as
 compared to its estimated fair value.

We hold investments in companies having operations in areas that
 relate to our business. We record an investment impairment
 charge when we believe an investment has experienced a decline
 in value that is other than temporary.

Goodwill
 and Other Intangibles 

Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually or whenever events
 indicate impairment may have occurred. Identifiable intangibles
 are amortized over the assets estimated useful lives.

Advance
 Billings 

Advance billings are primarily comprised of billings related to
 jobs where revenue is recognized on the percentage-of-completion
 method that have not begun and billings related to jobs where
 revenue is recognized on the completed contract method.

Minority
 Interest 

As of December 31, 2007, minority interest is primarily
 comprised of the portion of Exterran Partners, L.P. s
 (together with its subsidiaries, the Partnership capital and earnings that is applicable to the 49 limited
 partner interest in the Partnership not owned by us (see further
 discussion of the Partnership in Note 2 below). As of
 December 31, 2006, minority interest primarily represented
 the equity of the entities that leased compression equipment to
 us. These equity interests were settled as part of the
 redemption of Hanover s equipment lease obligations, as
 discussed in Note 11.

Income
 Taxes 

We account for income taxes using an asset and liability
 approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets
 and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of
 events that have been recognized in our financial statements or
 income tax returns. In estimating future tax consequences, all
 expected future events are considered other than tax law or tax
 rate changes that were not enacted as of December 31, 2007.
 A valuation allowance is recognized for deferred tax assets if
 it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax
 asset will not be realized.

We are subject to taxation not only in the U.S. but also in
 numerous foreign jurisdictions. Having to consider these
 different jurisdictions complicates the estimate of future
 U.S. and foreign source taxable income, which in turn
 determines the realizability of our deferred tax assets.
 Numerous judgments and assumptions are inherent in the
 determination of future U.S. and foreign source taxable
 income, including assumptions on future operating conditions and
 asset utilization. The judgments and assumptions used to
 determine future taxable income are consistent with those used
 for other financial statement purposes.

We also must consider any prudent and feasible tax planning
 strategies that would minimize the amount of deferred tax
 liabilities recognized or the amount of any valuation allowance
 recognized against deferred tax assets. For example, a tax
 planning strategy that we employ is the permanent reinvestment
 of the earnings of foreign subsidiaries.

F-13

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Foreign
 Currency Translation 

The financial statements of subsidiaries outside the U.S.,
 except those for which we have determined that the
 U.S. dollar is the functional currency, are measured using
 the local currency as the functional currency. Assets and
 liabilities of these subsidiaries are translated at the rates of
 exchange in effect at the balance sheet date. Income and expense
 items are translated at average monthly rates of exchange. The
 resulting gains and losses from the translation of accounts are
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income on our
 consolidated balance sheets. For subsidiaries for which we have
 determined that the U.S. dollar is the functional currency,
 translation gains and losses are included in other (income)
 expense, net on our consolidated statements of operations.

Hedging
 and Use of Derivative Instruments 

We use derivative financial instruments to minimize the risks
 and/or costs
 associated with financial activities by managing our exposure to
 interest rate fluctuations on a portion of our debt obligations.
 We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or
 other speculative purposes. We record interest rate swaps on the
 balance sheet as either derivative assets or derivative
 liabilities measured at their fair value. Fair value was
 estimated using a discounted cash flow approach. These interest
 rate swaps result in financial impacts that are inversely
 correlated to those of the items being hedged. Changes in the
 fair value of the swaps designated as cash flow hedges are
 deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax,
 to the extent the contracts are effective as hedges until
 settlement of the underlying hedged transaction. To qualify for
 hedge accounting treatment, companies must formally document,
 designate and assess the effectiveness of the transactions. If
 the necessary correlation ceases to exist or if the anticipated
 transaction becomes improbable, we would discontinue hedge
 accounting and apply mark-to-market accounting. Amounts paid or
 received from interest rate swap agreements are charged or
 credited to interest expense and matched with the cash flows and
 interest expense of the debt being hedged, resulting in an
 adjustment to the effective interest rate.

Earnings
 Per Common Share 

Basic income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing
 income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted
 average number of shares outstanding for the period. Diluted
 income (loss) per common share is computed using the weighted
 average number of shares outstanding adjusted for the
 incremental common stock equivalents attributed to outstanding
 options and warrants to purchase common stock, restricted stock,
 employee stock purchase plan, convertible senior notes and
 convertible subordinated notes, unless their effect would be
 anti-dilutive.

F-14

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The table below indicates the potential shares of common stock
 that were included in computing the dilutive potential shares of
 common stock used in diluted income (loss) per common share (in
 thousands):

Years Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Weighted average common shares outstanding used in
 basic income (loss) per common share

45,580

32,883

29,756

Net dilutive potential common stock issuable:

On exercise of options and vesting of restricted stock

464

414

On exercise of warrants

On settlement of employee stock purchase plan shares

2

On conversion of Convertible Junior Subordinated Notes due 2029

254

On conversion of Convertible Senior Notes due 2008

On conversion of Convertible Senior Notes due 2014

3,114

Weighted average common shares and dilutive potential common
 shares used in diluted income (loss) per common share

46,300

36,411

29,756

Excluded from diluted income (loss) per common share as the
 effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

Net income for the diluted earnings per share calculation for
 the year ended December 31, 2007 is adjusted to add back
 interest expense and amortization of financing costs, net of
 tax, relating to our Convertible Junior Subordinated Notes due
 2029 totaling 0.3 million. Net income for the diluted
 earnings per share calculation for the year ended
 December 31, 2006 is adjusted to add back interest expense
 and amortization of financing costs, net of tax, relating to our
 Convertible Senior Notes due 2014 totaling 4.7 million.

The table below indicates the potential shares of common stock
 issuable that were excluded from net dilutive potential shares
 of common stock issuable as their effect would have been
 anti-dilutive (in thousands):

Years Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Net dilutive potential common shares issuable:

On exercise of options and vesting of restricted stock

773

On exercise of options-exercise price greater than average
 market value at end of period

14

17

304

On exercise of warrants

1

On settlement of employee stock purchase plan shares

On conversion of Convertible Junior Subordinated Notes due 2029

1,568

1,568

On conversion of Convertible Senior Notes due 2008

1,420

1,420

1,420

On conversion of Convertible Senior Notes due 2014

3,114

3,114

4,548

3,005

7,180

Stock
 Options and Stock-Based Compensation 

In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 123
 (Revised 2004), Share-Based Payment 
 SFAS No. 123(R) ). This standard addresses
 the accounting for share-based payment transactions in which an
 enterprise receives employee services in exchange for
 (a) equity instruments of the enterprise or
 (b) liabilities that are based on the fair value of the
 enterprise s equity instruments or that may be settled by
 the issuance of such equity instruments.
 SFAS No. 123(R) eliminated the ability to account for
 share-based

F-15

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

compensation transactions using the intrinsic value method under
 Accounting Principles Board (APB) Opinion No. 25,
 Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees APB
 No. 25 ), and generally requires instead that such
 transactions be accounted for using a fair value based method.

Prior to January 1, 2006, we measured compensation expense
 for our stock-based employee compensation plans using the
 intrinsic value method, which follows the recognition and
 measurement principles of APB No. 25, as permitted by
 FASB Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123,
 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation 
 SFAS No. 123 ).

Effective January 1, 2006, we adopted the fair value
 recognition provisions of SFAS No. 123(R) using the
 modified prospective transition method. Under that transition
 method, compensation cost recognized beginning in the year ended
 December 31, 2006 includes: (a) compensation cost for
 all share-based payments granted prior to, but not yet vested as
 of January 1, 2006, based on the grant-date fair value, and
 (b) compensation cost for any share-based payments granted
 subsequent to January 1, 2006, based on the grant-date fair
 value. In accordance with the modified prospective transition
 method, results for prior periods have not been restated. On
 January 1, 2006, we recorded the cumulative effect of a
 change in accounting related to our adoption of
 SFAS No. 123(R) of 0.4 million (net of tax of
 0) which relates to the requirement to estimate forfeitures on
 restricted stock awards.

For the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005,
 stock-based compensation expense of 23.3 million,
 9.8 million and 5.7 million, respectively, was
 recognized and included in the accompanying Consolidated
 Statements of Operations. For the years ended December 31,
 2007 and 2006, we recognized income tax benefits that were
 recorded as an addition to additional paid-in capital in our
 Consolidated Balance Sheet of 13.1 million and
 3.6 million, respectively, for share-based compensation
 arrangements. There was no income tax benefit recognized for
 share-based compensation arrangements for the year ended
 December 31, 2005.

Upon the closing of the merger, each share of restricted stock
 issued by Hanover and each Hanover stock option was converted
 into Exterran restricted stock and stock options, respectively,
 based on the applicable exchange ratio, and each Hanover stock
 option and each share of restricted stock or restricted stock
 unit of Hanover granted prior to the date of the merger
 agreement and outstanding as of the effective time of the merger
 vested in full. As a result of the merger, we included
 11.7 million within our stock-based compensation expense
 for the year ended December 31, 2007 due to the accelerated
 vesting of Hanover s restricted stock and stock options.
 There was no stock-based compensation cost capitalized during
 the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005.

Prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 123(R), we presented
 all tax benefits of deductions resulting from the exercise of
 stock options as operating cash flows in our Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows. SFAS No. 123(R) requires the cash
 flows from the tax benefits of tax deductions in excess of the
 compensation cost recognized for those options (excess tax
 benefits) to be classified as financing cash flows. There were
 10.7 million and 1.5 million, respectively, of
 excess tax benefits classified as a financing cash inflow in the
 accompanying Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years
 ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 that would have been
 classified as an operating cash inflow prior to our adoption of
 SFAS No. 123(R).

Our adoption of SFAS No. 123(R) on January 1,
 2006 eliminated the pro forma requirements disclosure for
 periods following our adoption. For purposes of this pro forma
 disclosure, the value of options is estimated using a
 Black-Scholes option valuation model and amortized to expense
 over the options vesting periods. Had we used the fair
 value based accounting method for stock-based compensation
 expense described by SFAS No. 123(R) for the year
 ended December 31, 2005, our diluted net loss per common
 and equivalent share for the year ended December 31, 2005
 would have been as set forth in the table below in thousands,
 except per share data).

F-16

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2005 

Net loss, before stock-based compensation for employees

(38,017

Add back: Stock-based compensation expense for employees
 previously determined under intrinsic value method, net of tax
 effect

5,676

Deduct: Stock-based employee compensation expense for employees
 determined under the fair value method, net of tax

(8,098

Net loss, after effect of stock-based compensation for employees

(40,439

Net loss per share:

Basic, as reported for prior periods

(1.28

Basic after effect of stock-based compensation for employees

(1.36

Diluted as reported for prior periods

(1.28

Diluted after effect of stock-based compensation for employees

(1.36

Comprehensive
 Income (Loss) 

Components of comprehensive income (loss) are net income (loss)
 and all changes in equity during a period except those resulting
 from transactions with owners. Our accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss) consists of foreign currency
 translation adjustments and changes in the fair value of
 derivative financial instruments, net of tax. As a result of the
 changes in the fair values of interest rate swaps designated as
 cash flow hedges, for the year ended December 31, 2007, we
 recorded a reduction to accumulated other comprehensive income
 (loss) of 17.6 million, which is net of tax of
 11.3 million.

Financial
 Instruments 

Our financial instruments include cash, receivables, payables,
 interest rate swaps and debt. Except for fixed interest rate
 debt as described in Note 11 below, the estimated fair
 value of such financial instruments at December 31, 2007
 and 2006 approximated their carrying value as reflected in our
 consolidated balance sheet. The fair value of our debt has been
 estimated based on quoted market prices.

SFAS No. 133, Accounting for Derivative
 Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 SFAS No. 133 ), as amended by
 SFAS No. 137, SFAS No. 138, and
 SFAS No. 149, requires that all derivative instruments
 (including certain derivative instruments embedded in other
 contracts) be recognized in the balance sheet at fair value, and
 that changes in such fair values be recognized in earnings
 unless specific hedging criteria are met. Changes in the values
 of derivatives that meet these hedging criteria will ultimately
 offset related earnings effects of the hedged item pending
 recognition in earnings.

Reclassifications 

Certain amounts in the prior period s financial statements
 have been reclassified to conform to the 2007 financial
 statement classification including the reclassification of our
 used equipment sales to report these transactions within other
 income and expense and reclassification of installation sales
 from Aftermarket Services to our Fabrication segment.
 Additionally, we reclassified our supply chain department to
 include it as part of cost of sales rather than a component of
 selling, general and administrative expense. See
 Background and Significant Accounting Policies above
 for a discuss of changes in our business segments. We have made
 these reclassifications to all periods presented within this
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K. 
 These reclassifications have no impact on our consolidated
 results of operations, cash flows or financial position.

F-17

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2. 

Business
 Acquisitions 

On August 20, 2007, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of
 Merger (the Merger Agreement ), dated as of
 February 5, 2007, as amended, by and among us, Hanover,
 Universal, Hector Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and our
 wholly-owned subsidiary, and Ulysses Sub, Inc., a Delaware
 corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiary, Ulysses Sub, Inc.
 merged with and into Universal and Hector Sub, Inc. merged with
 and into Hanover. As a result of the merger, each of Universal
 and Hanover became our wholly-owned subsidiary. Immediately
 following the completion of the merger, Universal merged with
 and into us.

As a result of the merger, each outstanding share of common
 stock of Universal was converted into one share of Exterran
 common stock, which resulted in the issuance of approximately
 30.3 million shares of Exterran common stock. Additionally,
 each outstanding share of Hanover common stock was converted
 into 0.325 shares of common stock of Exterran, which
 resulted in the issuance of approximately 35.6 million
 shares of Exterran common stock. Exterran s common stock,
 listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol
 EXH, began trading on August 21, 2007,
 concurrent with the cessation of the trading of Hanover and
 Universal common stock. The merger has been accounted for as a
 purchase business combination. We determined that Hanover was
 the acquirer for accounting purposes and therefore our financial
 statements reflect Hanover s historical results for periods
 prior to the merger date. We have included the financial results
 of Universal in our consolidated financial statements beginning
 August 20, 2007.

The total preliminary purchase price of Universal was
 2.1 billion, including the fair value of Universal stock
 options assumed and acquisition related transaction costs.
 Assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their
 fair values as of August 20, 2007. The purchase price has
 been calculated as follows (in thousands except share and per
 share amounts and ratios):

Number of shares of Universal common stock outstanding at
 August 20, 2007

30,273,866

Conversion ratio

1.0

Number of shares of Exterran that were issued

30,273,866

Assumed market price of an Exterran share that was issued(1)

66.18

Aggregate value of the Exterran shares that were issued

2,003,524

Fair value of vested and unvested Universal stock options
 outstanding as of August 20, 2007, which were converted
 into options to purchase Exterran common stock(2)

67,574

Capitalizable transaction costs

10,709

Preliminary purchase price

2,081,807

(1) 

The stock price is based on the average close price of
 Hanover s stock for the two days before and through the two
 days after the announcement of the merger on February 5,
 2007, divided by the exchange ratio. 

(2) 

The majority of Universal s stock options and stock-based
 compensation vested upon consummation of the merger. 

The completion of the merger resulted in the acceleration of
 vesting of certain long-term incentive awards held by Hanover
 employees, including executive officers. On the merger date of
 August 20, 2007, there was approximately 13.1 million
 of unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted
 stock, stock options and cash incentive awards that were subject
 to acceleration of vesting and were expensed upon completion of
 the merger. Additionally, we recorded a charge of approximately
 8.4 million related to executives with change of control
 agreements who were entitled to payments under those agreements
 as a result of the merger.

Prior to the completion of the merger, the Hanover and Universal
 boards of directors both adopted a retention bonus plan of up to
 10 million for each company. These plans provide for
 awards to certain key employees if

F-18

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

such individuals remain employed by Hanover or Universal,
 including their successor, through a specific date or dates in
 2008 or are terminated without cause prior to such dates.
 Retention awards totaling 15.3 million have been granted
 under these plans and we expensed 9.1 million related to
 the retention bonus plans during the year ended
 December 31. 2007.

Under the purchase method of accounting, the total preliminary
 purchase price was allocated to Universal s net tangible
 and identifiable intangible assets based on their estimated fair
 values as of August 20, 2007, as set forth below. The
 excess of the purchase price over net tangible and identifiable
 intangible assets was recorded as goodwill. The goodwill
 resulting from the allocation of the purchase price was
 primarily associated with Universal s market presence in
 certain geographic locations where Hanover did not have a
 presence, the advantage of a lower cost of capital that we
 believe results from the Partnership s structure, growth
 opportunities in the markets that the combined companies serve,
 the expected cost saving synergies from the merger, the
 expertise of Universal s experienced workforce and its
 established operating infrastructure.

The preliminary allocation of the purchase price was based upon
 preliminary valuations and our estimates and assumptions are
 subject to change upon the completion of management s
 review of the final valuations. We are in the process of
 finalizing valuations related to identifiable intangible assets,
 property, plant and equipment, capitalized transaction costs,
 certain acquired contracts and residual goodwill. Changes to the
 preliminary purchase price could impact future depreciation and
 amortization expense as well as income tax expense. In addition,
 upon the finalization of our legal entity structure, additional
 adjustments to deferred taxes may be required. The final
 valuation of net assets is expected to be completed as soon as
 possible, but no later than one year from the acquisition date,
 in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
 the U.S.

The table below indicates the preliminary purchase price
 allocation to Universal s net tangible and identifiable
 intangible assets based on their estimated fair values as of
 August 20, 2007 (in thousands):

Preliminary 

Fair Value 

Current assets

488,338

Property, plant and equipment

1,630,708

Goodwill

1,272,911

Intangible and other assets

272,620

Current liabilities

(312,624

Long-term debt

(812,969

Deferred income taxes

(240,153

Other long-term liabilities

(24,564

Minority interest

(192,460

Preliminary purchase price

2,081,807

Goodwill
 and Intangible Assets Acquired 

The preliminary amount of goodwill of 1,272.9 million
 resulting from the merger is considered to have an indefinite
 life and will not be amortized. Instead, goodwill will be
 reviewed annually for impairment or more frequently if
 indicators of impairment exist. Approximately 91.5 million
 of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for
 U.S. federal tax purposes.

The preliminary amount of finite life intangible assets includes
 188.0 million and 54.4 million associated with
 customer relationships and contracts, respectively. The
 intangible assets for customer relationships and contracts will
 be amortized through 2024 and 2015, respectively, based on the
 present value of expected

F-19

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

income to be realized from these assets. Finite life intangible
 assets also include 12.2 million for the Universal backlog
 that existed on the date of the merger and will be amortized
 over 15 months.

Exterran
 Partners, L.P. (formerly Universal Compression Partners,
 L.P.) 

As a result of the merger, we became the indirect majority owner
 of the Partnership. The Partnership is a master limited
 partnership that was formed to provide natural gas contract
 operations services to customers throughout the U.S. In
 October 2006, the Partnership completed its initial public
 offering, as a result of which the common units owned by the
 public represented a 49 limited partner ownership interest in
 the Partnership and Universal owned the remaining equity
 interest in the Partnership. The general partner of the
 Partnership is our subsidiary and we consolidate the financial
 position and results of operations of the Partnership. It is our
 intention for the Partnership to be our primary growth vehicle
 for the U.S contract operations business and for us to continue
 to contribute U.S. contract operations customers and assets
 to the Partnership over time in exchange for cash
 and/or 
 additional interests in the Partnership. As of December 31,
 2007, the Partnership had a fleet of approximately 1,720
 compressor units comprising approximately 723,000 horsepower, or
 16 (by available horsepower) of our and the Partnership s
 combined total U.S. horsepower.

We are party to an omnibus agreement with the Partnership (as
 amended, the Omnibus Agreement ), the terms of which
 include, among other things, our agreement to provide to the
 Partnership operational staff, corporate staff and support
 services, the terms under which we may sell to the Partnership
 newly fabricated equipment and under which we may transfer to
 and receive from the Partnership idle compression equipment and
 an agreement by us to provide caps on the amount of cost of
 sales and selling, general and administrative costs that the
 Partnership must pay. For the year ended December 31, 2007,
 the Partnership s cost of sales exceeded the cap by
 8.6 million. For the year ended December 31, 2007,
 the Partnership s selling, general and administrative
 expenses exceeded the cap in one quarter, resulting in a
 reduction in its reimbursement to us of 0.3 million. These
 caps expire on December 31, 2008.

F-20

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Pro Forma
 Financial Information 

The unaudited financial information in the table below
 summarizes the combined results of operations of Hanover and
 Universal, on a pro forma basis, as though the companies had
 been combined as of the beginning of each of the periods
 presented. The unaudited pro forma financial information is
 presented for informational purposes only and is not necessarily
 indicative of the results of operations that would have occurred
 had the transaction been consummated at the beginning of each
 period presented, nor is it necessarily indicative of future
 results. The pro forma information for the years ended
 December 31, 2007 and 2006 excludes non-recurring items
 related to merger and integration expenses. The pro forma
 information for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006
 includes 77.1 million of debt extinguishment related
 charges and 61.9 million of fleet impairment charges
 incurred in the third quarter of 2007, as discussed in
 Note 11 and Note 19, respectively, below. The pro
 forma amounts represent the historical operating results of
 Hanover and Universal with adjustments for purchase accounting
 expenses and to conform accounting policies that affect
 revenues, cost of sales, selling, general and administrative
 expenses, depreciation and amortization, interest expense, other
 income (expense) and income taxes (in thousands, except per
 share amounts).

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Total revenues

3,319,031

2,560,088

Net income

115,090

142,920

Basic income per common share

1.78

2.28

Diluted income per common share

1.76

2.19

3. 

Dispositions 

In February 2006, we sold our U.S. amine treating assets to
 Crosstex Energy Services L.P. Crosstex for
 approximately 51.5 million and recorded a pre-tax gain of
 28.4 million that is included in other (income)/expense in
 our consolidated statement of operations. The disposal of these
 assets did not meet the criteria established for recognition as
 discontinued operations under SFAS No. 144,
 Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived
 Assets SFAS No. 144 ). Our
 U.S. amine treating assets had revenues of approximately
 7.6 million in 2005. Because we leased back from Crosstex
 one of the facilities sold in this transaction, approximately
 3.3 million of additional gain was deferred into future
 periods. We also entered into a three-year strategic alliance
 with Crosstex.

During the first quarter of 2006, our board of directors
 approved management s plan to dispose of the assets used in
 our fabrication facility in Canada, which was part of our
 fabrication segment. These assets were sold in May 2006 as part
 of management s plan to improve overall operating
 efficiency in this line of business. The Canadian assets were
 sold for approximately 10.1 million and we recorded a
 pre-tax gain of approximately 8.0 million as a result of
 the transaction in other (income)/expense in our consolidated
 statement of operations. The disposal of these assets did not
 meet the criteria established for recognition as discontinued
 operations under SFAS No. 144.

During the fourth quarter of 2002, our board of directors
 approved management s plan to dispose of our non-oilfield
 power generation projects, which were part of our North America
 contract operations segment, and certain used equipment
 businesses, which were part of our aftermarket services segment.
 These disposals meet the criteria established for recognition as
 discontinued operations under SFAS No. 144.
 SFAS No. 144 specifically requires that such amounts
 must represent a component of a business comprised of operations
 and cash flows that can be clearly distinguished, operationally
 and for financial reporting purposes, from the rest

F-21

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

of the entity. These businesses are reflected as discontinued
 operations in our consolidated statements of operations.

4. 

Inventory 

Inventory, net of reserves, consisted of the following amounts
 (in thousands):

December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Parts and supplies

246,540

135,632

Work in progress

139,956

162,096

Finished goods

24,940

10,365

Inventory, net of reserves

411,436

308,093

During the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, we
 recorded approximately 1.7 million, 2.3 million and
 0.1 million, respectively, in inventory write-downs and
 reserves for inventory, which were either obsolete, excess or
 carried at a price above market value. As of December 31,
 2007 and 2006, we had inventory reserves of 21.5 million
 and 11.9 million, respectively.

5. 

Fabrication
 Contracts 

Costs, estimated earnings and billings on uncompleted contracts
 consisted of the following (in thousands):

December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Costs incurred on uncompleted contracts

1,241,913

558,607

Estimated earnings

214,948

85,938

1,456,861

644,545

Less billings to date

(1,340,670

(628,936

116,191

15,609

Presented in the accompanying financial statements as follows
 (in thousands):

December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on
 uncompleted contracts

203,932

109,732

Billings on uncompleted contracts in excess of costs and
 estimated earnings

(87,741

(94,123

116,191

15,609

F-22

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

6. 

Property,
 Plant and Equipment 

Property, plant and equipment consisted of the following (in
 thousands):

December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Compression equipment, facilities and other fleet assets

4,359,936

2,587,377

Land and buildings

175,925

107,444

Transportation and shop equipment

147,797

89,673

Other

72,395

58,788

4,756,053

2,843,282

Accumulated depreciation

(1,222,548

(979,830

Property, plant and equipment, net

3,533,505

1,863,452

Depreciation expense was 235.2 million,
 175.1 million and 171.5 million in 2007, 2006 and
 2005, respectively. Assets under construction of
 192.1 million and 109.8 million are included in
 compression equipment, facilities and other fleet assets at
 December 31, 2007, and 2006, respectively. We capitalized
 1.4 million, 1.8 million and 0.4 million of
 interest related to construction in process during 2007, 2006,
 and 2005, respectively.

As of December 31, 2006, the compression assets owned by
 the entities that leased equipment to us but, pursuant to our
 adoption of FIN 46 were included in property, plant and
 equipment in our consolidated financial statements had a net
 book value of approximately 340.2 million, including
 improvements made to these assets after the sale leaseback
 transactions.

7. 

Intangible
 and Other Assets 

Intangible and other assets consisted of the following (in
 thousands):

December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Deferred debt issuance and leasing transactions costs

15,968

26,553

Notes and other receivables

6,615

9,714

Intangible assets

246,729

5,524

Deferred taxes

22,536

7,085

Other

19,609

6,826

Intangibles and other assets

311,457

55,702

Notes receivable result primarily from customers for sales of
 equipment or advances to other parties in the ordinary course of
 business.

F-23

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Intangible assets and deferred debt issuance costs consisted of
 the following:

As of December 31, 2007 

As of December 31, 2006 

Gross 

Gross 

Carrying 

Accumulated 

Carrying 

Accumulated 

Amount 

Amortization 

Amount 

Amortization 

(In thousands) 

Deferred debt issuance costs

25,210

(9,242

58,037

(31,484

Marketing related (20 yr life)

2,178

(556

2,256

(524

Customer related
 (17-20 yr
 life)

191,331

(5,404

3,022

(621

Technology based (5 yr life)

710

(639

1,259

(497

Contract based (1-17 yr life)

72,069

(12,960

1,326

(697

Intangible assets and deferred debt issuance costs

291,498

(28,801

65,900

(33,823

Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs totaled
 4.7 million, 5.5 million and 10.0 million in
 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Amortization of intangible
 costs totaled 17.5 million, 0.8 million and
 1.2 million in 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Customer
 related intangible assets acquired in connection with the merger
 are being amortized based upon the expected cash flows over a
 seventeen year period. This amortization methodology will result
 in a substantial amount of the amortization occurring over the
 next five years. Deferred financing costs of 16.4 million
 were written off in conjunction with the refinancing completed
 during the third quarter of 2007 and recorded to debt
 extinguishment costs in our consolidated statements of
 operations.

Estimated future intangible and deferred debt issuance cost
 amortization expense is as follows (in thousands):

2008

43,821

2009

34,646

2010

29,764

2011

26,461

2012

23,300

Thereafter

104,705

262,697

8. 

Investments
 in Non-Consolidated Affiliates 

Investments in affiliates that are not controlled by Exterran
 but where we have the ability to exercise significant influence
 over the operations are accounted for using the equity method.
 Our share of net income or losses of these affiliates is
 reflected in the consolidated statements of operations as equity
 in income (loss) of non-consolidated affiliates. Our primary
 equity method investments are comprised of entities that own,
 operate, service and maintain compression and other related
 facilities. Our equity method investments totaled approximately
 86.1 million and 90.0 million at December 31,
 2007 and 2006, respectively.

Our ownership interest and location of each equity method
 investee at December 31, 2007 is as follows:

Ownership 

Interest 

Location 

Type of Business 

PIGAP II

30.0

Venezuela

Gas Compression Plant

El Furrial

33.3

Venezuela

Gas Compression Plant

SIMCO/Harwat Consortium

35.5

Venezuela

Water Injection Plant

F-24

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Summarized balance sheet information for investees accounted for
 by the equity method is as follows (on a 100 basis, in
 thousands):

December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Current assets

194,835

135,845

Non-current assets

426,268

463,661

Current liabilities, excluding debt

85,232

77,618

Debt payable

247,045

256,648

Other non-current liabilities

124,809

59,515

Owners equity

164,017

205,725

Summarized earnings information for these entities for the years
 ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 is as follows (on a
 100 basis, in thousands):

Years Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Revenues

192,923

199,029

198,906

Operating income

91,718

86,421

100,441

Net income

29,683

20,003

54,473

We own 35.5 of the SIMCO and Harwat Consortium, which owns,
 operates and services water injection plants in Venezuela.
 During the third quarter of 2007, we determined that the
 financial condition and near and long-term prospects of our
 investment in the SIMCO and Harwat Consortium had declined and
 that we had a loss in our investment that was not temporary.
 This decline was primarily caused by increased costs to operate
 their business that is not expected to improve in the near term.
 In the third quarter of 2007, we recorded an impairment of our
 investment in the SIMCO and the Harwat Consortium of
 6.7 million, which is reflected as a charge in equity in
 income (loss) of non-consolidated affiliates in our consolidated
 statements of operations.

During 2007, 2006 and 2005, we received approximately
 8.5 million, 17.6 million and 18.7 million in
 dividends from these joint ventures. At December 31, 2007
 and 2006 we had cumulatively recognized approximately
 3.8 million and 13.2 million, respectively, of
 earnings, net of tax, in excess of distributions from these
 joint ventures.

In connection with our investment in El Furrial and the SIMCO
 and Harwat Consortium, we guaranteed our portion of the debt in
 the joint venture related to these projects. At
 December 31, 2007, we have guaranteed approximately
 24.0 million of the debt that was on the books of the El
 Furrial joint venture. At December 31, 2006, we guaranteed
 approximately 31.7 million of the debt of the El Furrial
 and the SIMCO and Harwat consortium joint ventures. These
 amounts are not recorded on our books.

9. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill acquired in connection with business combinations
 represent the excess of consideration over the fair value of
 tangible and identifiable intangible net assets acquired.
 Certain assumptions and estimates are employed in determining
 the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as
 well as in determining the allocation of goodwill to the
 appropriate reporting units.

We perform an impairment test of goodwill assets annually or
 more often if indicators of potential impairment exist. Our
 goodwill impairment test involves a comparison of the fair value
 of each of our reporting units with their carrying value. The
 fair value is determined using the expected present value of
 future cash flows and a market approach. Certain estimates and
 judgments are required in the application of the fair value
 models. In the fourth quarter of 2007, we performed our annual
 impairment analysis in accordance with SFAS No. 142,

F-25

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, and determined
 that no impairment had occurred. If for any reason the fair
 value of our goodwill or that of any of our reporting units
 declines below the carrying value in the future, we may incur
 charges for the impairment.

The table below presents the change in the net carrying amount
 of goodwill, including the impact of our preliminary purchase
 price allocation for Universal, for the years ended
 December 31, 2007 and 2006 (in thousands):

December 31, 

Acquisitions/ 

Impact of Foreign 

December 31, 

2006 

Dispositions 

Currency Translation 

2007 

North America contract operations

97,071

1,017,110

1,114,181

International contract operations

37,654

137,359

1,872

176,885

Aftermarket services

31,982

34,060

66,042

Fabrication

14,391

84,382

98,773

Total

181,098

1,272,911

1,872

1,455,881

December 31, 

Acquisitions/ 

Impact of Foreign 

December 31, 

2005 

Dispositions 

Currency Translation 

2006 

North America contract operations

100,209

(3,138

97,071

International contract operations

37,654

37,654

Aftermarket services

32,110

(128

31,982

Fabrication

14,391

14,391

Total

184,364

(3,266

181,098

10. 

Accrued
 Liabilities 

Accrued liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):

December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Accrued salaries and other benefits

108,464

51,299

Accrued income and other taxes

100,910

36,188

Accrued warranty expense

6,498

2,759

Accrued interest

12,397

22,744

Accrued other liabilities

97,894

34,330

Accrued liabilities

326,163

147,320

F-26

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

11. 

Long-term
 Debt 

Long-term debt consisted of the following (in thousands):

December 31, 

December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Bank credit facility due November 2010

20,000

Bank credit facility due August 2012

180,000

Bank senior term loan

800,000

2007 ABS Facility notes due 2012

800,000

The Partnership s Revolving Credit Facility due 2011

217,000

4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2008

192,000

192,000

4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2014

143,750

143,750

8.625 Senior Notes due 2010

200,000

7.5 Senior Notes due 2013

150,000

9.0 Senior Notes due 2014

200,000

2001A Equipment Lease Notes, interest at 8.5 , due September 2008

133,000

2001B Equipment Lease Notes, interest at 8.75 , due September
 2011

250,000

7.25 Convertible Junior Subordinated Notes due 2029

84,803

Fair value adjustment fixed to floating interest
 rate swaps

(8,732

Other, interest at various rates, collateralized by equipment
 and other assets

1,174

677

2,333,924

1,365,498

Less current maturities

(997

(455

Long-term debt

2,332,927

1,365,043

Following the merger of Hanover and Universal, we completed a
 refinancing of a significant amount of our outstanding debt. We
 entered into a 1.65 billion senior secured credit facility
 and a 1.0 billion asset-backed securitization facility.

Exterran
 Senior Secured Credit Facility 

On August 20, 2007, we and our wholly-owned subsidiary,
 Exterran Canada, Limited Partnership Exterran
 Canada ), entered into a five-year credit agreement (the
 Credit Agreement with various financial
 institutions as the lenders. The Credit Agreement consists of
 (a) a revolving senior secured credit facility (the
 Revolver in the aggregate amount of
 850 million, which includes a variable allocation for a
 Canadian tranche and the ability to issue letters of credit
 under the facility and (b) a term loan senior secured
 credit facility, in the aggregate amount of 800 million
 with principal payments due on multiple dates through June 2013
 (collectively, the Credit Facility ). Subject to
 certain conditions, at our request and with the approval of the
 lenders, the aggregate commitments under the Credit Facility may
 be increased by an additional 400 million less certain
 adjustments, including the amount of any outstanding borrowings
 under the 2007 ABS Facility, described below, in excess of
 800 million.

As of December 31, 2007, we had 180.0 million in
 outstanding borrowings and 323.2 million in letters of
 credit outstanding under the Revolver. Additional borrowings of
 up to approximately 346.8 million were available under
 that facility as of December 31, 2007.

F-27

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The Credit Agreement bears interest, if the borrowings are in
 U.S. dollars, at LIBOR or a Base Rate, at our option, plus
 an applicable margin or, if the borrowings are in Canadian
 dollars, at our option, U.S. dollar LIBOR, U.S. dollar
 Base Rate or Canadian prime rate plus the applicable margin or
 the Canadian Dollar bankers acceptance CDOR rate. The applicable margin varies depending on the debt ratings
 of our senior secured indebtedness (i) in the case of LIBOR
 loans, from 0.65 to 1.75 or (ii) in the case of Base Rate
 or Canadian prime rate loans, from 0.0 to 0.75 . The applicable
 margin at December 31, 2007 was 0.825 . The Base Rate is
 the higher of the U.S. Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Rate
 plus 0.5 . At December 31, 2007 all amounts outstanding
 were LIBOR loans and the weighted average interest rate
 excluding the effect of related cash flow hedges was 5.8 .

The Credit Agreement contains various covenants with which we
 must comply, including, but not limited to, limitations on
 incurrence of indebtedness, investments, liens on assets,
 transactions with affiliates, mergers, consolidations, sales of
 assets and other provisions customary in similar types of
 agreements. We must also maintain, on a consolidated basis,
 required leverage and interest coverage ratios. Additionally,
 the Credit Agreement contains customary conditions,
 representations and warranties, events of default and
 indemnification provisions. Our indebtedness under the Credit
 Facility is collateralized by liens on substantially all of our
 personal property in the U.S. The assets of the Partnership
 and our wholly-owned subsidiary, Exterran ABS 2007 LLC
 (along with its subsidiaries, Exterran ABS ), are not
 collateral under the Credit Agreement. Exterran Canada s
 indebtedness under the Credit Facility is collateralized by
 liens on substantially all of its personal property in Canada.
 We have executed a U.S. Pledge Agreement pursuant to which
 we and our significant subsidiaries (as defined in the Credit
 Agreement) are required to pledge our equity and the equity of
 certain subsidiaries. The Partnership and Exterran ABS are not
 pledged under this agreement and do not guarantee debt under the
 Credit Facility.

Exterran
 Asset-Backed Securitization Facility 

On August 20, 2007, Exterran ABS 2007 LLC entered into a
 1.0 billion asset-backed securitization facility (the
 2007 ABS Facility and issued 400 million of
 Series 2007-1 
 notes under this facility. On September 18, 2007, an
 additional 400 million of
 Series 2007-1 
 notes (collectively with the August 20, 2007 issuance, the
 Series 2007-1 
 Notes were issued under this facility. Interest and fees
 payable to the noteholders will accrue on the
 Series 2007-1 
 Notes at a variable rate consisting of LIBOR plus an applicable
 margin. For outstanding amounts up to 800 million, the
 applicable margin is 0.825 . For amounts outstanding over
 800 million, the applicable margin will be 1.35 . The
 weighted average interest rate at December 31, 2007 on the
 Series 2007-1 
 Notes excluding the effect of related cash flow hedges was 5.9 .
 The
 Series 2007-1 
 Notes are revolving in nature and are payable in July 2012. The
 amount outstanding at any time is limited to the lower of
 (i) 80 of the appraised value of the natural gas
 compression equipment owned by Exterran ABS and its subsidiaries
 (ii) 4.5 times free cash flow or (iii) the amount
 calculated under an interest coverage test. The related
 indenture contains customary terms and conditions with respect
 to an issuance of asset-backed securities, including
 representations and warranties, covenants and events of default.

Repayment of the
 Series 2007-1 
 Notes has been secured by a pledge of all of the assets of
 Exterran ABS, consisting primarily of a fleet of natural gas
 compressors and the related contracts to provide compression
 services to our customers. Under the 2007 ABS Facility, we had
 9.1 million of restricted cash as of December 31,
 2007.

Senior
 Notes 

We commenced tender offers and consent solicitations in July
 2007 for (1) 200 million in aggregate principal
 amount of our 8.625 Senior Notes due 2010 (the
 8.625 Notes ), (2) 200 million in
 aggregate principal amount of our 9.0 Senior Notes due
 2014 (the 9.0 Notes and
 (3) 150 million in aggregate principal amount of our
 7.5 Senior Notes due 2013 (the
 7.5 Notes ). On August 20, 2007, following
 completion of

F-28

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

the merger, we satisfied and discharged all of our outstanding
 9.0 Notes and 7.5 Notes and all of its
 8.625 Notes that were tendered. During the fourth quarter
 of 2007, we called and redeemed the remaining 0.1 million
 of 8.625 Notes that were not tendered during the third
 quarter of 2007.

Hanover s
 Credit Facility 

In connection with the closing of the refinancing on
 August 20, 2007, we repaid in full all outstanding term
 loans and revolving loans, together with interest and all other
 amounts due in connection with such repayment, under the credit
 agreement, dated as of November 21, 2005.

Equipment
 Lease Obligations 

On August 17, 2007, Hanover Equipment Trust 2001A, a
 special purpose Delaware business trust HET 2001A ),
 called for redemption all 133 million of its outstanding
 8.5 Senior Secured Notes due 2008 (the 2001A
 Notes ), and Hanover Equipment Trust 2001B, a special
 purpose Delaware business trust HET 2001B ), called
 for redemption all 250 million of its outstanding
 8.75 Senior Secured Notes due 2011 (the 2001B
 Notes and, together with the 2001A Notes, the
 Equipment Trust Notes ). The Equipment
 Trust Notes and the related trust equity certificates were
 redeemed on September 17, 2007.

The 2001A Notes were issued and the redemption was effected
 pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture dated as of
 August 30, 2001. The 2001A Notes were redeemed at a
 redemption price of 100 of the principal amount thereof, plus
 accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date.

The 2001B Notes were issued and the redemption was effected
 pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture dated as of
 August 30, 2001. The 2001B Notes were redeemed at a
 redemption price of 102.917 of the principal amount thereof,
 plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date.

4.75 
 Convertible Senior Notes 

In March 2001, we issued 192 million aggregate principal
 amount of 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due March 15,
 2008 and in December 2003 we issued 143.75 million
 aggregate principal amount of 4.75 Convertible Senior
 Notes due January 15, 2014. In connection with the closing
 of the merger, on August 20, 2007, we executed supplemental
 indentures between Hanover and the trustees, pursuant to which
 Exterran Holdings, Inc. agreed to fully and unconditionally
 guarantee the obligations of Hanover relating to the
 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2008 and the
 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2014 (collectively, the
 Convertible Notes ). Hanover, the issuer of the
 Convertible Notes, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Exterran
 Holdings, Inc. that has no independent assets or operations, as
 defined in
 Regulation S-X 
 Article 3-10. 
 Exterran Holdings, Inc. does not have any other subsidiaries
 that are not owned by Hanover. There are no significant
 restrictions on the ability of Exterran Holdings, Inc. to obtain
 funds from Hanover by dividend or loan.

The Convertible Notes are our general unsecured obligations and
 rank equally in right of payment with all of our other senior
 debt. The Convertible Notes are effectively subordinated to all
 existing and future liabilities of our subsidiaries.

4.75 Convertible
 Senior Notes due 2008 

The 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2008 with an
 aggregate principal amount of 192 million are due
 March 15, 2008. These notes are classified as long-term
 debt as we have the intent and ability to refinance the notes
 using available credit on our 2007 ABS Facility or the Revolver.

The 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2008 are convertible
 into a whole number of shares of our common stock and cash in
 lieu of fractional shares. The 4.75 Convertible Senior
 Notes due 2008 are convertible at the option of the holder into
 shares of our common stock at a conversion rate of
 7.3969 shares of common

F-29

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

stock per 1,000 principal amount of convertible senior notes,
 which is equivalent to a conversion price of approximately
 135.19 per share.

We have the right at any time to redeem some or all of the
 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2008. If we experience a
 specified change in control, a holder of the
 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2008 may require us
 to repurchase, with cash or common stock, some or all of the
 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2008 at a price equal to
 100 of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to
 the repurchase date. The fair value of the
 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2008 was approximately
 191.3 million at December 31, 2007.

4.75 Convertible
 Senior Notes due 2014 

The 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2014 are convertible
 into a whole number of shares of our common stock and cash in
 lieu of fractional shares. The 4.75 Convertible Senior
 Notes due 2014 are convertible at the option of the holder into
 shares of our common stock at a conversion rate of
 21.6667 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount
 of convertible senior notes, which is equivalent to a conversion
 price of approximately 46.15 per share.

At any time on or after January 15, 2011 but prior to
 January 15, 2013, we may redeem some or all of the
 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2014 at a redemption
 price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the
 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2014 plus accrued and
 unpaid interest, if any, if the price of our common stock
 exceeds 135 of the conversion price of the convertible senior
 notes then in effect for 20 trading days out of a period of 30
 consecutive trading days. At any time on or after
 January 15, 2013, we may redeem some or all of the
 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2014 at a redemption
 price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the
 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2014 plus accrued and
 unpaid interest, if any. Holders have the right to require us to
 repurchase the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2014 upon
 a specified change in control, at a repurchase price equal to
 100 of the principal amount of 4.75 Convertible Senior
 Notes due 2014 plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. The
 fair value of the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2014
 was approximately 269.1 million at December 31, 2007.

7.25 Convertible
 Junior Subordinated Notes due 2029 

From December 2006 through May 2007, we called for redemption
 portions of our 7.25 Convertible Junior Subordinated Notes
 due 2029 Jr. TIDES Notes ). The Jr. TIDES Notes were
 owned by the Hanover Compressor Trust (the Trust ), a
 subsidiary of our s. The Trust was required to call a like
 amount of the 7.25 Convertible Preferred Securities
 TIDES Preferred Securities held by the public.
 Holders of the TIDES Preferred Securities converted their
 securities into 1.6 million shares of our common stock
 prior to their respective redemption dates; the remaining TIDES
 Preferred Securities were redeemed and discharged on their
 respective redemption dates. All 86.3 million of Jr. TIDES
 Notes and TIDES Preferred Securities have now been redeemed and
 discharged.

The
 Partnership s Revolving Credit Facility 

The Partnership, as guarantor, and EXLP Operating LLC, a
 wholly-owned subsidiary of the Partnership the Operating
 Partnership and, together with the Partnership, the
 Partnership Borrowers ), entered into a senior
 secured credit agreement in 2006. The credit facility under the
 credit agreement was expanded in 2007 and consists of a
 five-year 315 million revolving credit facility, which
 matures in October 2011. As of December 31, 2007, there was
 217.0 million in outstanding borrowings under the
 revolving credit facility and 98.0 million was available
 for additional borrowings. Subject to certain conditions, at the
 request of the Partnership, and with the approval of the
 lenders, the aggregate commitments under the revolving credit
 facility may be increased by an additional 135 million.

F-30

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The Partnership s revolving credit facility bears interest
 at a Base Rate or LIBOR, at the Partnership s option, plus
 an applicable margin. The applicable margin, depending on the
 Partnership s Leverage Ratio, varies (i) in the case
 of LIBOR loans, from 1.0 to 2.0 or (ii) in the case of
 Base Rate loans, from 0.0 to 1.0 . The Base Rate is the higher
 of the U.S. Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5 .
 At December 31, 2007, all amounts outstanding were LIBOR
 loans and the applicable margin was 1.25 . The weighted average
 interest rate on the outstanding balance at December 31,
 2007 excluding the effect of related cash flow hedges was 6.6 .

Borrowings under the credit agreement are secured by
 substantially all of the personal property assets of the
 Partnership Borrowers. In addition, all of the capital stock of
 the Partnership s U.S. restricted subsidiaries has
 been pledged to secure the obligations under the credit
 agreement.

Under the credit agreement, the Operating Partnership and the
 Partnership are subject to certain limitations, including
 limitations on their ability to incur additional debt or sell
 assets, with restrictions on the use of proceeds; to make
 certain investments and acquisitions; to grant liens; and to pay
 dividends and distributions. The Partnership Borrowers are also
 subject to financial covenants which include a total leverage
 and an interest coverage ratio.

Debt
 Compliance 

We were in compliance with our debt covenants as of
 December 31, 2007.

Debt
 Extinguishment Charges 

The refinancing discussed above and completed in the third
 quarter of 2007 in connection with the completion of the merger
 resulted in various debt extinguishment charges. A summary of
 these charges is shown below (in thousands):

Tender fees for the 9.0 Notes, 7.5 Notes and
 8.625 Notes

46,268

Call premium on 2001B Notes

7,497

Unamortized deferred financings costs Hanover
 revolving credit facility, senior notes and Equipment
 Trust Notes

16,385

Charges included in debt extinguishment costs

70,150

Termination of interest rate swaps (included in interest expense)

6,964

Total debt extinguishment costs and related charges

77,114

Long-term
 Debt Maturity Schedule 

Contractual maturities of long-term debt (excluding interest to
 be accrued thereon) at December 31, 2007 are as follows (in
 thousands):

December 31, 

2007 

2008

192,997

2009

20,049

2010

40,053

2011

277,058

2012

1,340,017

Thereafter

463,750

Total debt

2,333,924

F-31

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

12. 

Income
 Taxes 

The components of income (loss) from continuing operations
 before income taxes and minority interest were as follows (in
 thousands):

Years Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

United States

(45,443

60,230

(33,146

Foreign

98,213

54,274

23,712

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and
 minority interest

52,770

114,504

(9,434

The provision for income taxes consisted of the following (in
 thousands):

Years Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Current tax provision:

U.S. federal

147

468

State

3,603

1

8

Foreign

40,621

26,657

8,402

Total current

44,371

27,126

8,410

Deferred tax provision (benefit):

U.S. federal

(20,076

(9,135

273

State

798

(1,158

1,477

Foreign

(13,199

11,949

17,554

Total deferred

(32,477

1,656

19,304

Provision for income taxes

11,894

28,782

27,714

The provision for income taxes for 2007, 2006 and 2005 resulted
 in effective tax rates on continuing operations of 22.5 , 25.1 ,
 and (293.8) , respectively. The reasons for the differences
 between these effective tax rates and the U.S. statutory
 rate of 35 are as follows (in thousands):

Years Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Income taxes at U.S. federal statutory rate of 35 

18,469

40,076

(3,302

Net state income taxes

2,932

1,518

965

Foreign taxes

6,966

17,151

19,184

Minority interest

(2,182

Foreign tax credits

(8,555

FIN 48/FAS 5

2,046

10

(4,254

Valuation allowances

(9,583

(35,493

16,733

Executive compensation

1,914

438

28

Other

(113

5,082

(1,640

Provision for income taxes

11,894

28,782

27,714

F-32

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Deferred income tax balances are the direct effect of taxable
 temporary differences between the financial statement carrying
 amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities at the
 enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when the taxes are
 actually paid or recovered. The tax effects of temporary
 differences that give rise to deferred tax assets and deferred
 tax liabilities are (in thousands):

December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Deferred tax assets:

Net operating loss carryforwards

394,615

303,243

Inventory

8,228

5,105

Alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards

6,823

5,834

Accrued liabilities

39,514

8,597

Intangibles

4,140

Foreign tax credit carryforwards

73,374

Capital loss carryforwards

3,126

3,126

Other

31,800

18,605

Subtotal

557,480

348,650

Valuation allowances

(30,863

(46,996

Total deferred tax assets

526,617

301,654

Deferred tax liabilities:

Property, plant and equipment

(586,493

(351,769

Basis difference in the Partnership

(47,461

Intangibles

(82,421

Other

(35,032

(4,338

Total deferred tax liabilities

(751,407

(356,107

Net deferred tax liabilities

(224,790

(54,453

Tax balances are presented in the accompanying consolidated
 balance sheets as follows (in thousands):

December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Current deferred income tax assets

41,648

20,129

Intangibles and other asset

22,536

7,085

Accrued liabilities

(7,076

(5,145

Deferred income tax liabilities

(281,898

(76,522

Net deferred tax liabilities

(224,790

(54,453

At December 31, 2007, we had U.S. federal net
 operating loss carryforwards and capital loss carryforwards of
 approximately 988.8 million and 8.9 million,
 respectively, that are available to offset future taxable
 income. If not used, the carryforwards will begin to expire in
 2019 and 2009, respectively. We also had approximately
 104.0 million of net operating loss carryforwards in
 certain foreign jurisdictions, of which approximately
 26.1 million have no expiration date, 67.3 million
 are subject to expiration from 2008 to 2012, and the remainder
 expires in future years through 2020. Foreign tax credit
 carryforwards of 73.4 million and alternative minimum tax
 credit carryforwards of 6.8 million are available to
 offset future payments of

F-33

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

U.S. federal income tax. The foreign tax credits will
 expire in varying amounts beginning in 2013, whereas the
 alternative minimum tax credits may be carried forward
 indefinitely under current U.S. tax law.

As a result of the merger between Hanover and Universal, we have
 changed our position with respect to foreign taxes by treating
 foreign taxes as credits rather than deductions. Foreign tax
 credits that are not utilized in the year they are generated can
 be carried forward for 10 years offsetting payments of
 U.S. federal income taxes on a dollar-for-dollar basis. We
 believe that we will generate sufficient taxable income in the
 future from our operating activities as well as from the
 transfer of U.S. contract operations customer contracts and
 assets to the Partnership that will cause us to use our net
 operating loss carryforwards earlier than we had expected prior
 to the merger. After the utilization of our net operating
 carryforwards, we expect that we will be able to utilize our
 foreign tax credits within the
 10-year 
 carryforward period. In addition, we intend to amend our 2005
 and 2006 U.S. federal income tax returns to make an
 election to credit foreign taxes that were previously deducted.
 The amendments will result in a 29.5 million benefit for
 foreign tax credits generated prior to the merger that has been
 recorded as a purchase accounting adjustment. If we do not meet
 our expectations with respect to taxable income generated by our
 operating activities and the transfer of assets to the
 Partnership, we may not realize the full benefit from our
 foreign tax credits which would require us to record a valuation
 allowance in our tax provision in future years.

Pursuant to Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue
 Code of 1986, as amended, utilization of loss carryforwards and
 credit carryforwards, such as foreign tax credits, will be
 subject to annual limitations due to the ownership changes of
 both Hanover and Universal. In general, an ownership change, as
 defined by Section 382, results from transactions
 increasing the ownership of certain stockholders or public
 groups in the stock of a corporation by more than
 50 percentage points over a three-year period. The merger
 resulted in such an ownership change for both Hanover and
 Universal. Our ability to utilize loss carryforwards and credit
 carryforwards against future U.S. federal taxable income
 and future U.S. federal income tax may be limited. The
 limitations may cause us to pay U.S. federal income taxes
 earlier; however, we do not currently expect that any loss
 carryforwards or credit carryforwards will expire as a result of
 these limitations.

We record valuation allowances when it is more likely than not
 that some portion or all of our deferred tax assets (e.g., net
 operating loss carryforwards, capital loss carryforwards,
 foreign tax credits, etc.) will not be realized. The ultimate
 realization of the deferred tax assets depends on the ability to
 generate sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character
 and in the appropriate taxing jurisdictions in the future. We
 believe the transfer of U.S. contract operations customer
 contracts and assets to the Partnership will generate sufficient
 capital gains in the future that will allow us to use all of our
 capital loss carryforwards. The benefit of reversing a
 3.1 million valuation allowance related to the capital
 loss carryforwards was recorded as a purchase accounting
 adjustment.

We have not provided U.S. federal income taxes on
 indefinitely (or permanently) reinvested cumulative earnings of
 approximately 553.7 million generated by our foreign
 subsidiaries. Such earnings are from ongoing operations which
 will be used to fund growth in the foreign subsidiaries 
 countries as well as future international expansion. In the
 event of a distribution of those earnings in the form of
 dividends, we may be subject to both foreign withholding taxes
 and U.S. federal income taxes net of allowable foreign tax
 credits.

We adopted the provisions of FASB Interpretation No. 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes 
 FIN 48 on January 1, 2007, which
 resulted in a reduction to stockholders equity of
 3.7 million. Together with a 12.7 million tax
 reserve balance at December 31, 2006, on the date of
 adoption, we had 16.4 million of unrecognized tax
 benefits. Included in the components of unrecognized tax
 benefits was 3.8 million of accrued interest and penalties.

F-34

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of
 unrecognized tax benefits is shown below (in thousands):

Year Ended 

December 31, 2007 

Balance at December 31, 2006

11,182

Adoption of FIN 48

1,470

Balance at January 1, 2007

12,652

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year

1,443

Additions based on tax positions related to prior years

2,700

Additions due to acquisition

920

Reductions due to a lapse of the applicable statute of
 limitations

(3,091

Balance at December 31, 2007

14,624

At December 31, 2007, we had 14.6 million of
 unrecognized tax benefits, 13.4 million of which, if
 recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. We also have
 recorded 5.4 million of potential interest expense and
 penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits associated with
 uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2007. To the
 extent interest and penalties are not assessed with respect to
 uncertain tax positions, amounts accrued will be reduced and
 reflected as reductions in income tax expense.

The Company and its subsidiaries file consolidated and separate
 income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in
 numerous state and foreign jurisdictions. We are subject to
 U.S. federal income tax examinations for tax years
 beginning in 1997 and the Internal Revenue Service has yet to
 commence an examination of the Company s U.S. federal
 income tax returns for such tax years.

State income tax returns are generally subject to examination
 for a period of three to five years after filing of the
 respective returns. However, the state impact of any
 U.S. federal changes remains subject to examination by
 various states for a period of up to one year after formal
 notification to the states. We do not have any state audits
 currently underway that would have a material impact on the
 Company s financial position or results of operations.

We are subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout
 the world, including such major foreign jurisdictions as
 Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Italy, Mexico, and Venezuela. With
 few exceptions, the Company and its subsidiaries are no longer
 subject to foreign income tax examinations for tax years before
 2001. Several foreign audits are currently in progress and we do
 not expect any tax adjustments that would have a material impact
 on the Company s financial position or results of
 operations.

We do not anticipate that total unrecognized tax benefits will
 significantly change due to the settlement of audits and the
 expiration of statute of limitations prior to December 31,
 2008. However, due to the uncertain and complex application of
 tax regulations, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of
 these matters may result in liabilities which could be
 materially different from these estimates.

13. 

Accounting
 for Derivatives 

We use derivative financial instruments to minimize the risks
 and/or costs
 associated with financial activities by managing our exposure to
 interest rate fluctuations on a portion of our debt obligations.
 We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or
 other speculative purposes. Cash flows from hedges are
 classified in our consolidated statements of cash flows under
 the same category as the cash flows from the underlying assets,
 liabilities or anticipated transactions.

F-35

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

In March 2004, we entered into two interest rate swaps, which we
 designated as fair value hedges, to hedge the risk of changes in
 fair value of our 8.625 Senior Notes due 2010 resulting
 from changes in interest rates. These interest rate swaps, under
 which we received fixed payments and made floating payments,
 resulted in the conversion of the hedged obligation into
 floating rate debt. As a result of the repayment of the
 8.625 Senior Notes in August 2007, we terminated these
 interest rate swaps which resulted in a charge to interest
 expense of 7.0 million.

As a result of the merger we assumed ten interest rate swaps
 with a total notional amount of 585.0 million as of
 December 31, 2007 that we designated as cash flow hedges to
 hedge the risk of variability of LIBOR based interest rate
 payments related to variable rate debt.

In September 2007, we entered into three interest rate swaps
 that we designated as cash flow hedges to hedge the risk of
 variability of LIBOR interest rate payments related to variable
 rate. The three swap agreements have notional amounts of
 150.9 million, 224.2 million and
 150.0 million, respectively.

The following table summarizes, by individual hedge instrument,
 our interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2007 (dollars in
 thousands):

Fair Value of 

Floating Rate to be 

Notional 

Swap at 

Fixed Rate to be Paid 

Maturity Date 

Received 

Amount 

December 31, 2007 

4.035 

March 31, 2010

Three Month LIBOR

56,250

(1)

(186

4.007 

March 31, 2010

Three Month LIBOR

56,250

(1)

(167

3.990 

March 31, 2010

Three Month LIBOR

56,250

(1)

(155

4.037 

March 31, 2010

Three Month LIBOR

56,250

(1)

(188

4.675 

August 20, 2012

One Month LIBOR

150,941

(2)

(4,142

4.744 

July 20, 2012

One Month LIBOR

224,150

(2)

(7,040

4.668 

July 20, 2012

One Month LIBOR

150,000

(2)

(3,891

5.210 

January 20, 2013

One Month LIBOR

60,809

(2)

(2,180

4.450 

September 20, 2019

One Month LIBOR

42,727

(2)

(201

5.020 

September 20, 2019

One Month LIBOR

51,373

(2)

(1,879

5.275 

December 1, 2011

Three Month LIBOR

125,000

(5,893

5.343 

October 20, 2011

Three Month LIBOR

40,000

(2,045

5.315 

October 20, 2011

Three Month LIBOR

40,000

(2,002

(1) 

These swaps amortize ratably over the life of the swap. 

(2) 

Certain of these swaps amortize while the notional amount of
 others increase in corresponding amounts to maintain a
 consistent outstanding notional amount of 680 million. 

All of the swaps, which we have designated as cash flow hedging
 instruments, meet the specific hedge criteria of
 SFAS No. 133, Accounting for Derivative
 Instruments and Hedging Activities, 
 SFAS No. 133 so that any changes in
 their fair values are recognized as a component of comprehensive
 income or loss and are included in accumulated other
 comprehensive income or loss. These swap terms substantially
 coincide with the hedged item and are expected to offset changes
 in expected cash flows due to fluctuations in the variable rate,
 and therefore we currently do not expect a significant amount of
 ineffectiveness on these hedges. We perform quarterly
 calculations to determine if the swap agreements are still
 effective and to calculate any ineffectiveness because the terms
 of the hedged item and the swap do not exactly coincide. For the
 year ended December 31, 2007, we recorded approximately
 1.0 million of interest expense due to the ineffectiveness
 related to these swaps.

F-36

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The counterparties to our interest rate swap agreements are
 major international financial institutions. We monitor the
 credit quality of these financial institutions and do not expect
 non-performance by any counterparty, although such
 non-performance could have a material adverse effect on us.

14. 

Common
 Stockholders Equity 

Upon the closing of the merger, we had an aggregate of
 300,000,000 shares authorized, of which 250,000,000 can be
 issued as common stock and 50,000,000 can be issued as preferred
 stock. All shares have a par value of 0.01 per share.

On August 20, 2007, our board of directors authorized the
 repurchase of up to 200 million of our common stock
 through August 19, 2009. Under the stock repurchase
 program, we may repurchase shares in open market purchases or in
 privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable
 insider trading and other securities laws and regulations. We
 may also implement all or part of the repurchases under a
 Rule 10b5-1 
 trading plan, so as to provide the flexibility to extend our
 share repurchases beyond the quarterly purchasing window. The
 timing and extent to which we repurchase shares will depend upon
 market conditions and other corporate considerations, and will
 be in management s discretion. Repurchases under the
 program may commence or be suspended at any time without prior
 notice. The stock repurchase program may be funded through cash
 provided by operating activities or borrowings. During the
 period August 20, 2007 through December 31, 2007, we
 repurchased 1,258,400 shares of our common stock at an
 aggregate cost of approximately 100.0 million.

In connection with the merger, all of Hanover s treasury
 stock that existed on the date of the merger was retired.

On August 15, 2005, we completed a public offering of
 4,275,175 shares of Hanover common stock for approximately
 179.1 million of net proceeds to Hanover. Of the
 4,275,175 shares of common stock sold by Hanover,
 557,631 shares of Hanover common stock were sold pursuant
 to the underwriters over-allotment option.

15. 

Stock 
 Based Compensation and Awards 

The following table presents the stock-based compensation
 expense included in our results of operations (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Stock options, unit options, and phantom units

1,819

1,734

Restricted stock

21,090

8,039

5,676

Unit appreciation rights

248

Employee stock purchase plan

154

Total stock-based compensation expense

23,311

9,773

5,676

Upon the closing of the merger, each share of restricted stock
 issued by Hanover and each Hanover stock option was converted
 into Exterran restricted stock and stock options, respectively,
 based on the applicable exchange ratio, and each Hanover stock
 option and each share of restricted stock or restricted stock
 unit of Hanover granted prior to the date of the merger
 agreement and outstanding as of the effective time of the merger
 vested in full. As a result of the merger, we included
 11.7 million within our stock-based compensation expense
 for the year ended December 31, 2007 related to the
 accelerated vesting of Hanover s restricted stock and stock
 options. There was no stock-based compensation cost capitalized
 during the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005.

F-37

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Stock
 Incentive Plan 

On August 20, 2007, we adopted the Exterran Holdings, Inc.
 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2007 Plan ), which was
 previously approved by each of the stockholders of Hanover and
 Universal and provides for the granting of stock-based awards in
 the form of options, restricted stock, restricted stock units,
 stock appreciation rights and performance awards to our
 employees and directors. Under the 2007 Plan, the aggregate
 number of shares of common stock that may be issued shall not
 exceed 4,750,000. Grants of options and stock appreciation
 rights count as one share against the aggregate share limit and
 grants of restricted stock and restricted stock units count as
 two shares against the aggregate share limit. Awards granted
 under the 2007 Plan that are subsequently cancelled, terminated
 or forfeited remain available for future grant. Grants under the
 plan expire no later than seven years from the date of grant.
 The 2007 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of
 our board of directors Compensation Committee ).

Stock
 Options 

Under the 2007 Plan, stock options are granted at fair market
 value at the date of grant, are exercisable in accordance with
 the vesting schedule established by the Compensation Committee
 in its sole discretion and expire no later than seven years
 after the date of grant. Options generally vest
 33 1 / 3 
 on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date.

The weighted average fair values at date of grant for options
 granted during the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2005
 were 23.92 and 15.63, respectively, and were estimated using
 the Black-Scholes option valuation model with the following
 weighted average assumptions:

Year Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Expected life in years

4.5

7.0

Risk-free interest rate

4.27

4.0

Volatility

27.18

32.0

Dividend yield

0.0

0.0

The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury
 yield curve in effect at the time of the grant for a period
 commensurate with the estimated expected life of the stock
 options. Expected volatility is based on the historical
 volatility of our stock over the most recent period commensurate
 with the expected life of the stock options and other factors.
 We have not historically paid a dividend and do not expect to
 pay a dividend during the expected life of the stock options.

At the time of the merger, each outstanding stock option granted
 prior to the date of the merger agreement under the Hanover
 equity incentive plans, whether vested or unvested, was fully
 vested. Stock options granted under the Hanover equity incentive
 plans outstanding on the merger date were converted into an
 option to acquire a number of shares of Exterran common stock
 equal to the number of shares of Hanover common stock subject to
 that stock option immediately before the merger multiplied by
 0.325, and at a price per share of Exterran common stock equal
 to the price per share under that Hanover option divided by
 0.325. Similarly, each outstanding stock option granted prior to
 the date of the merger agreement under the Universal equity
 incentive plans (other than options to purchase Universal common
 stock under the Universal employee stock purchase plan), whether
 vested or unvested, was fully vested at the time of the merger.
 Stock options granted under the Universal equity incentive plans
 outstanding on the merger date were converted into an option to
 acquire the same number of shares of Exterran common stock at
 the same price per share.

F-38

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The following table presents stock option activity for the year
 ended December 31, 2007 (in thousands, except per share
 data and remaining life in years).

Weighted 

Weighted 

Average 

Aggregate 

Stock 

Average 

Remaining 

Intrinsic 

Options 

Exercise Price 

Life 

Value 

Options outstanding, December 31, 2006

767

36.95

Options assumed in merger

1,789

33.20

Granted

70

77.19

Exercised

(821

33.46

Cancelled

(7

37.72

Options outstanding, December 31, 2007

1,798

36.37

5.6

81,560

Options exercisable, December 31, 2007

1,622

32.08

5.3

80,627

Intrinsic value is the difference between the market value of
 our stock and exercise price of each option multiplied by the
 number of options outstanding. The total intrinsic value of
 stock options exercised during the years ended December 31,
 2007, 2006 and 2005 was 36.1 million, 4.2 million,
 and 13.9 million, respectively. As of December 31,
 2007, 4.3 million of unrecognized compensation cost
 related to non-vested stock options is expected to be recognized
 over the weighted-average period of 2.5 years.

Restricted
 Stock and Stock Settled Restricted Stock Units 

For grants of restricted stock and stock-settled restricted
 stock units, we recognize compensation expense over the vesting
 period equal to the fair value of our common stock at the date
 of grant. Common stock subject to restricted stock grants
 generally vests
 33 1 / 3 
 on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date.

The following table presents restricted stock and stock-settled
 restricted stock units activity for the year ended
 December 31, 2007 (shares in thousands). The number of
 non-vested restricted shares and grant-date fair value has been
 adjusted to reflect the exchange ratio in the merger.

Weighted 

Average 

Grant-Date 

Fair Value 

Shares 

Per Share 

Non-vested restricted stock, December 31, 2006

633

43.96

Restricted stock assumed in merger

95

75.00

Granted

241

69.81

Vested

(614

44.41

Change in expected vesting of performance shares

(16

35.05

Cancelled

(40

63.91

Non-vested restricted stock, December 31, 2007

299

71.52

The total grant date fair value of restricted stock that vested
 during the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006, and 2005
 were 27.2 million, 4.6 million and
 3.7 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2007,
 17.1 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to
 non-vested restricted stock is expected to be recognized over
 the weighted-average period of 2.4 years.

F-39

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Employee
 Stock Purchase Plan 

On August 20, 2007, we adopted the Exterran Holdings, Inc.
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ), which is
 intended to provide employees with an opportunity to participate
 in our long-term performance and success through the purchase of
 shares of common stock at a price that may be less than fair
 market value. The ESPP is designed to comply with
 Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
 amended. Each quarter, an eligible employee may elect to
 withhold a portion of their salary up to the lesser of 25,000
 per year or 10 of his or her eligible pay to purchase shares of
 our common stock at a price equal to 85 to 100 of the fair
 market value of the stock as of the first trading day of the
 quarter or the last trading day of the quarter, whichever is
 lower. The ESPP will terminate on the date that all shares of
 common stock authorized for sale under the ESPP have been
 purchased, unless it is extended. A total of 650,000 shares
 of our common stock have been authorized and reserved for
 issuance under the ESPP. At December 31, 2007, all shares
 remained available for purchase under the ESPP. Under
 SFAS No. 123R, our ESPP plan is compensatory, and as a
 result, we record an expense on our consolidated statements of
 operations related to our ESPP.

Directors 
 Stock and Deferral Plan 

On August 20, 2007, we adopted the Exterran Holdings, Inc.
 Directors Stock and Deferral Plan. The purpose of the
 Directors Stock and Deferral Plan is to provide
 non-employee directors of the board of directors with an
 opportunity to elect to receive our common stock as payment for
 a portion or all of their retainer and meeting fees. The number
 of shares to be paid each quarter will be determined by dividing
 the dollar amount of fees elected to be paid in common stock by
 the closing sales price per share of the common stock on the
 last day of the quarter. In addition, directors who elect to
 receive a portion or all of their fees in the form of common
 stock may also elect to defer, until a later date, the receipt
 of a portion or all of their fees to be received in common
 stock. We have reserved 100,000 shares under the
 Directors Stock and Deferral Plan, and as of
 December 31, 2007, all shares remain available to be issued
 under the plan.

Unit
 Appreciation Rights 

As a result of the merger, we assumed approximately
 0.3 million outstanding unit appreciation rights
 UARs ). These UARs entitle the holder to receive a
 payment from us in cash equal to the excess of the fair market
 value of a common unit of the Partnership on the date of
 exercise over the exercise price. These UARs vest on
 January 1, 2009 and expire on December 31, 2009.

Because the holders of the UARs will receive a cash payment from
 us, these awards have been recorded as a liability, and we are
 required to remeasure the fair value of these awards at each
 reporting date under the guidance of SFAS No. 123R. At
 December 31, 2007, the fair value of each UAR was 6.36 and
 was estimated using the Black-Scholes option valuation model
 with the following weighted average assumptions:

December 31, 2007 

Expected life in years

1.61

Risk-free interest rate

3.45

Volatility

24.1

Dividend yield

5.00

The expected life represents the period of time the UARs are
 expected to be outstanding prior to exercise and is based on the
 simplified model. The risk-free interest rate is based on the
 U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of
 remeasurement for a period commensurate with the estimated
 expected life of the UARs. Expected volatility is based on the
 historical volatility of comparable partnerships units
 over the most recent period commensurate with the expected life
 of the UAR and other factors. The dividend yield is the expected
 dividend rate that will be paid out on the underlying units
 during the expected term of the options.

F-40

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

As of December 31, 2007, the outstanding UARs had an
 aggregate intrinsic value of 2.0 million and no UARs were
 exercisable. As of December 31, 2007, 1.0 million of
 unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested UARs is
 expected to be recognized over the weighted-average period of
 one year.

Partnership
 Long-Term Incentive Plan 

The Partnership has a long-term incentive plan that was adopted
 by Exterran GP LLC, the general partner of its general partner,
 in October 2006, for its employees, directors and affiliates who
 perform services for them. The long-term incentive plan
 currently permits the grant of awards covering an aggregate of
 1,035,378 common units, common unit options, restricted units
 and phantom units. The long-term incentive plan is administered
 by the board of directors of Exterran GP LLC or a committee
 thereof (the Plan Administrator ).

Unit options will have an exercise price that is not less than
 the fair market value of the units on the date of grant and will
 become exercisable over a period determined by the Plan
 Administrator. Phantom units are notional units that entitle the
 grantee to receive a common unit upon the vesting of the phantom
 unit or, in the discretion of the Plan Administrator, cash equal
 to the fair value of a common unit.

During the period from June 22, 2006 through
 December 31, 2006 the Partnership granted 593,572 unit
 options to certain employees of Universal Compression Holdings.
 The unit options vest on January 1, 2009 and have a
 contractual life of three years. No unit options vested during
 the year ended December 31, 2007.

The weighted average fair value of each unit option was 1.62 on
 the date granted and was estimated using the Black-Scholes
 option valuation model with the following weighted average
 assumptions:

Expected life in years

2.63

Risk-free interest rate

4.72

Volatility

14.71

Dividend yield

5.95

The expected life represents the period of time the unit options
 are expected to be outstanding prior to exercise and is based on
 the simplified model. The risk-free interest rate is based on
 the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the
 remeasurement for a period commensurate with the estimated
 expected life of the unit options. Expected volatility is based
 on the historical volatility of comparable partnerships 
 units over the most recent period commensurate with the expected
 life of the unit options and other factors. The dividend yield
 is the expected dividend rate that will be paid out on the
 underlying units during the expected term of the options. Under
 SFAS No. 123R, the Partnership is required to record
 compensation cost from unit-based compensation utilizing an
 estimated forfeiture rate. Historical data related to
 forfeitures experienced by Universal Compression Holdings was
 used to estimate forfeiture rates.

The following table presents unit option activity for the year
 ended December 31, 2007 (remaining life in years, intrinsic
 value in thousands):

Weighted 

Weighted 

Average 

Average 

Unit 

Exercise 

Remaining 

Aggregate 

Options 

Price 

Life 

Intrinsic Value 

Unit options outstanding, December 31, 2006

593,572

23.76

Granted

Unit options outstanding, December 31, 2007

593,572

23.76

2.0

4,889

As of December 31, 2007, no unit options were exercisable.

Intrinsic value is the difference between the market value of
 the units and the exercise price of each unit option multiplied
 by the number of unit options outstanding. As of
 December 31, 2007, 0.4 million of

F-41

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested unit
 options is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average
 period of one year.

During the year ended December 31, 2007 the Partnership
 granted 3,825 phantom units to directors of Exterran GP LLC,
 which settle on January 1, 2010 and have a contractual life
 of 2.2 years. No phantom units vested during the year ended
 December 31, 2007.

Weighted 

Average 

Grant-Date 

Phantom 

Fair Value 

Units 

Per Unit 

Phantom units outstanding, December 31, 2006

5,607

22.12

Granted

3,825

31.37

Phantom units outstanding, December 31, 2007

9,432

25.87

As of December 31, 2007, 0.2 million of unrecognized
 compensation cost related to non-vested phantom units is
 expected to be recognized over the weighted-average period of
 1.4 years.

16. 

Retirement
 Benefit Plan 

Our 401(k) retirement plan provides for optional employee
 contributions up to the IRS limitation and discretionary
 employer matching contributions. We recorded matching
 contributions of 4.7 million, 3.4 million and
 2.9 million during the years ended December 31, 2007,
 2006 and 2005, respectively.

17. 

Related
 Party Transaction 

On August 20, 2007, Mr. Ernie L. Danner, a
 non-employee director, entered into a consulting agreement with
 us pursuant to which we engaged Mr. Danner, on a
 month-to-month basis, to provide consulting services. In
 consideration of the services rendered, we paid Mr. Danner
 a consulting fee of approximately 29,500 per month and
 reimbursed Mr. Danner for expenses incurred on our behalf.
 The consulting agreement terminated in February 2008.

18. 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 

Rent expense for 2007, 2006 and 2005 was approximately
 13.7 million, 7.7 million, and 6.3 million,
 respectively. Commitments for future minimum rental payments
 with terms in excess of one year at December 31, 2007 are:
 2008 9.5 million; 2009 
 5.5 million; 2010 4.5 million;
 2011 3.8 million; 2012 
 3.6 million and 21.5 million thereafter.

F-42

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

We have issued the following guarantees that are not recorded on
 our accompanying balance sheet (dollars in thousands):

Maximum Potential 

Undiscounted 

Payments as of 

Term 

December 31, 2007 

Indebtedness of non-consolidated affiliates:

El Furrial(1)

2013

24,013

Other:

Performance guarantees through letters of credit(2)

2008 2012

338,286

Standby letters of credit

2008 2010

17,775

Commercial letters of credit

2008

4,779

Bid bonds and performance bonds(2)

2008 2012

138,693

Maximum potential undiscounted payments

523,546

(1) 

We have guaranteed the amounts included above, which is a
 percentage of the total debt of this non-consolidated affiliate
 equal to our ownership percentage in such affiliate. 

(2) 

We have issued guarantees to third parties to ensure performance
 of our obligations, some of which may be fulfilled by third
 parties. 

As part of our acquisition of Production Operators Corporation
 in 2001, we may be required to make contingent payments of up to
 46 million to Schlumberger dependent on the realization by
 us of certain U.S. federal tax benefits through the year
 2016. To date, we have not realized any such benefits that would
 require a payment to Schlumberger and do not anticipate
 realizing any such benefits that would require a payment before
 the year 2013.

In January 2007, Universal acquired B.T.I. Holdings Pte Ltd
 B.T.I. and its wholly-owned subsidiary B.T.
 Engineering Pte Ltd, a Singapore based fabricator of oil and
 natural gas, petrochemical, marine and offshore equipment,
 including pressure vessels, floating, production, storage and
 offloading process modules, terminal buoys, turrets, natural gas
 compression units and related equipment. We may be required to
 pay in the future up to 20 million based on earnings of
 B.T.I. over the two years ended March 31, 2009.

The natural gas service operations business can be hazardous,
 involving unforeseen circumstances such as uncontrollable flows
 of natural gas or well fluids and fires or explosions. As is
 customary in the natural gas service operations industry, we
 review our safety equipment and procedures and carry insurance
 against some, but not all, risks of our business. Our insurance
 coverage includes property damage, general liability and
 commercial automobile liability and other coverage we feel is
 appropriate. We are not fully insured on all of our offshore
 assets. We believe that our insurance coverage is customary for
 the industry and adequate for our business, however, losses and
 liabilities not covered by insurance would increase our costs.

Additionally, we are substantially self-insured for
 worker s compensation and employee group health claims in
 view of the relatively high per-incident deductibles we absorb
 under our insurance arrangements for these risks. Losses up to
 the deductible amounts are estimated and accrued based upon
 known facts, historical trends and industry averages.

We are involved in a project in the Cawthorne Channel in Nigeria
 (the Cawthorne Channel Project ), in which Global Gas
 and Refining Ltd., a Nigerian entity Global ), has
 contracted with an affiliate of Royal Dutch Shell plc
 Shell to process natural gas from some of
 Shell s Nigerian oil and natural gas fields. Pursuant to a
 contract between us and Global, we provide natural gas
 compression and natural gas processing services from a
 barge-mounted facility we own that is stationed in a Nigerian
 coastal waterway. We completed

F-43

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

the building of the required barge-mounted facility and our
 portion of the project was declared commercial by Global in
 November 2005. The contract runs for a ten-year period which
 commenced when the project was declared commercial, subject to a
 purchase option by Global, which is exercisable for the
 remainder of the term of the contract. Under the terms of a
 series of contracts between us, Global, Shell and several other
 counterparties, Global is primarily responsible for the overall
 project.

The area in Nigeria where the Cawthorne Channel Project is
 located has experienced civil unrest and violence, and natural
 gas delivery from Shell to the Cawthorne Channel Project was
 stopped from June 2006 to June 2007. As a result, the Cawthorne
 Channel Project did not operate from early June 2006 to June
 2007. From July 2007 through the end of 2007, we received some
 natural gas from Shell and we have been processing the natural
 gas received.

During the year ended December 31, 2007, we received
 approximately 4.5 million in payments, which we applied
 against outstanding receivables. Even though we believe we are
 entitled to payments from Global and have accordingly invoiced
 Global for such, collectibility is not reasonably assured due to
 uncertainty regarding when the Cawthorne Channel Project will
 receive natural gas from Shell and due to Global s
 dependence on natural gas production by the Cawthorne Channel
 Project to pay us. Therefore, we billed but did not recognize
 revenue of approximately 16.8 million related to the
 Cawthorne Channel Project during the year ended
 December 31, 2007. Based on our analysis of estimated
 future cash flows, we believe we will recover all of our
 receivables and our full investment in the Cawthorne Channel
 Project over the term of the contract.

However, if Shell does not provide natural gas to the project or
 if Shell were to terminate its contract with Global for any
 reason or if we were to terminate our involvement in the
 Cawthorne Channel Project, we would be required to find an
 alternative use for the barge facility, which could potentially
 result in an impairment and write-down of our investment and
 receivables related to this project and could have a material
 impact on our consolidated financial position or results of
 operation. Additionally, due to the environment in Nigeria and
 Global s capitalization level, inexperience with projects
 of a similar nature and lack of a successful track record with
 respect to this project as well as other factors, there is no
 assurance that Global can satisfy its obligations under its
 various contracts, including its contract with us.

This project and our other projects in Nigeria are subject to
 numerous risks and uncertainties associated with operating in
 Nigeria. Such risks include, among other things, political,
 social and economic instability, civil uprisings, riots,
 terrorism, kidnapping, the taking of property without fair
 compensation and governmental actions that may restrict payments
 or the movement of funds or result in the deprivation of
 contract rights. Any of these risks could adversely impact any
 of our operations in Nigeria, and could affect the timing and
 decrease the amount of revenue we may ultimately realize from
 our investments in Nigeria. At December 31, 2007, we had
 net assets of approximately 76 million related to projects
 in Nigeria, a majority of which are related to our capital
 investment and advances/accounts receivable for the Cawthorne
 Channel Project.

In the ordinary course of business we are involved in various
 pending or threatened legal actions. While management is unable
 to predict the ultimate outcome of these actions, it believes
 that any ultimate liability arising from these actions will not
 have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial
 position, results of operations or cash flows; however, because
 of the inherent uncertainty of litigation, we cannot provide
 assurance that the resolution of any particular claim or
 proceeding to which we are a party will not have a material
 adverse effect on our financial position, results of operation
 or cash flows for the period in which the resolution occurs.

19. 

Fleet
 Impairment 

Following completion of the merger between Hanover and
 Universal, Exterran s management reviewed the compression
 fleet assets used in our North America Contract Operations
 segment that existed at the merger

F-44

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

date. Management reviewed our fleet for units that would not be
 of the type, configuration, make or model that we would want to
 continue to offer due to the cost to refurbish the equipment,
 the incremental costs of maintaining more types of equipment and
 the increased financial flexibility of the new company to build
 new units in the configuration currently in demand by our
 customers. Prior to the merger, we had planned to rebuild or
 reconfigure these units over time to make them into the
 configurations currently in demand by customers.

We performed a cash flow analysis of the expected proceeds from
 the disposition to determine the fair value for the fleet assets
 we will no longer utilize in our operations. The net book value
 of these assets, which were owned by Hanover prior to the
 merger, exceeded the fair value by 61.9 million, and was
 recorded as a long-lived asset impairment in the third quarter
 of 2007. The impairment is recorded in fleet impairment expense
 in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Our plan to
 dispose of the identified fleet assets did not meet the criteria
 to be classified as assets held for sale under
 SFAS No. 144. No impairment charge was recorded on
 units previously owned by Universal as the intended
 use/disposition was considered as part of fair value of these
 units in the allocation of the purchase price.

20. 

Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements 

In February 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 FASB issued SFAS No. 155,
 Accounting for Certain Hybrid Instruments an
 amendment of FASB Statements No. 133 and 140 
 SFAS No. 155 ). SFAS No. 155
 (a) permits fair value remeasurement for any hybrid
 financial instrument that contains an embedded derivative that
 otherwise would require bifurcation, (b) clarifies which
 interest-only strips and principal-only strips are not subject
 to the requirements of FASB No. 133, (c) establishes a
 requirement to evaluate interests in securitized financial
 assets to identify interests that are freestanding derivatives
 or that are hybrid financial instruments that contain an
 embedded derivative requiring bifurcation, (d) clarifies
 that concentrations of credit risk in the form of subordination
 are not embedded derivatives and (e) amends
 SFAS No. 140 to eliminate the prohibition on a
 qualifying special-purpose entity from holding a derivative
 instrument that pertains to a beneficial interest other than
 another derivative financial instrument. SFAS No. 155
 is effective for all financial instruments acquired or issued
 after the beginning of an entity s first fiscal year that
 begins after September 15, 2006. The adoption of
 SFAS No. 155 did not have a material impact on our
 consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial
 position.

In June 2006, the FASB s Emerging Issues Task Force
 EITF reached a consensus on Issue
 06-3, 
 How Taxes Collected from Customers and Remitted to
 Governmental Authorities Should Be Presented in the Income
 Statement (That Is, Gross versus Net Presentation), that
 concludes that the presentation of taxes within
 EITF 06-3 s 
 scope is an accounting policy decision that should be disclosed.
 If the taxes are reported on a gross basis, companies are
 required to disclose the amounts of those taxes if such amounts
 are deemed significant. This pronouncement is effective for
 interim and annual reporting periods beginning after
 December 15, 2006. We present the taxes within the scope of
 EITF 06-3 
 on a net basis. The adoption of
 EITF 06-3 
 did not impact our consolidated financial statements.

In June 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes 
 FIN 48 ). This interpretation is effective for
 fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. This
 interpretation clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in
 income taxes recognized in a company s financial statements
 in accordance with SFAS No. 109, Accounting for
 Income Taxes . This interpretation prescribes a recognition
 threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement
 recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected
 to be taken in a tax return. The interpretation also provides
 guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and
 penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and
 transition. Differences between the amounts recognized on the
 balance sheet prior to adoption of FIN 48 and the amounts
 reported after adoption are to be accounted for as an adjustment
 to the beginning balance of retained earnings

F-45

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

(accumulated deficit). The adoption of FIN 48 on
 January 1, 2007 resulted in a reduction to
 stockholders equity of 3.7 million.

On the date of our adoption of FIN 48, we had
 16.4 million of unrecognized tax benefits which included a
 12.7 million tax reserve balance at December 31,
 2006. Included in the components of unrecognized tax benefits
 were 1.1 million of accrued interest and 2.7 million
 of accrued penalties. Our policy is to classify interest and
 penalties in our provision for income taxes in our consolidated
 statements of operations. We did not change our policy on the
 classification of interest and penalties in conjunction with our
 adoption of FIN 48.

We do not anticipate that total unrecognized tax benefits will
 significantly change due to the settlement of audits and the
 expiration of statute of limitations prior to December 31,
 2008. However, due to the uncertain and complex application of
 tax regulations, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of
 these matters may result in liabilities which could be
 materially different from these estimates. See Note 12 to
 the financial statements for additional disclosures related to
 FIN 48.

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157,
 Fair Value Measurements 
 SFAS No. 157 ). SFAS No. 157
 provides a single definition of fair value, establishes a
 framework for measuring fair value and requires additional
 disclosures about the use of fair value to measure assets and
 liabilities. SFAS No. 157 is effective for financial
 statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
 November 15, 2007, and interim periods within those fiscal
 years; however, in February 2008, the FASB issued a FASB Staff
 Position that defers the effective date for us to
 January 1, 2009 for all nonfinancial assets and
 liabilities, except those that are recognized or disclosed in
 the financial statements at fair value on at least an annual
 basis. We adopted the required provisions that were not deferred
 of SFAS No. 157 on January 1, 2008 and the
 adoption of SFAS No. 157 did not have a material
 impact on our consolidated results of operations, cash flows or
 financial position. We do not expect the adoption of the
 deferred provisions of SFAS No. 157 will have a
 material impact on our consolidated results of operations, cash
 flows or financial position.

In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159,
 The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and
 Liabilities SFAS No. 159 ).
 SFAS No. 159 provided entities the one-time election
 to measure financial instruments and certain other assets and
 liabilities at fair value on an
 instrument-by-instrument 
 basis under a fair value option. SFAS No. 159 is
 effective for financial statements as of the beginning of the
 first fiscal year that begins after November 15, 2007. Its
 provision may be applied to an earlier period only if the
 following conditions are met: (1) the decision to adopt is
 made after the issuance of SFAS No. 159 but within
 120 days after the first day of the fiscal year of
 adoption, and no financial statements, including footnotes, for
 any interim period of the adoption year have yet been issued and
 (2) the requirements of SFAS No. 157 are adopted
 concurrently with or prior to the adoption of
 SFAS No. 159. We adopted SFAS No. 159 on
 January 1, 2008 and the adoption of SFAS No. 159
 did not impact our consolidated financial statements.

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141(R),
 Business Combinations 
 SFAS No. 141(R) ).
 SFAS No. 141(R) replaces SFAS No. 141 and
 requires that all assets, liabilities, contingent consideration,
 contingencies and in-process research and development costs of
 an acquired business be recorded at fair value at the
 acquisition date; that acquisition costs generally be expensed
 as incurred; that restructuring costs generally be expensed in
 periods subsequent to the acquisition date; and that changes in
 accounting for deferred tax asset valuation allowances and
 acquired income tax uncertainties after the measurement period
 impact income tax expense. SFAS No. 141(R) is
 effective for business combinations for which the acquisition
 date is on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting
 period beginning on or after December 15, 2008. We are
 currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of
 SFAS No. 141(R) will have on our consolidated
 financial statements.

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160,
 Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial
 Statements, an Amendment of ARB No. 51 
 SFAS No. 160 ). SFAS No. 160
 changes the accounting and reporting for minority interests such
 that minority interests will be recharacterized as
 noncontrolling interests

F-46

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

and will be required to be reported as a component of equity,
 and requires that purchases or sales of equity interests that do
 not result in a change in control be accounted for as equity
 transactions and, upon a loss of control, requires the interest
 sold, as well as any interest retained, to be recorded at fair
 value with any gain or loss recognized in earnings. This
 Statement is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods
 within those fiscal years, beginning on or after
 December 15, 2008, with early adoption prohibited. We are
 currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of
 SFAS No. 160 will have on our consolidated financial
 statements.

21. 

Industry
 Segments and Geographic Information 

We manage our business segments primarily based upon the type of
 product or service provided. We have four principal industry
 segments: North America Contract Operations, International
 Contract Operations, Aftermarket Services and Fabrication. The
 North America and International Contract Operations segments
 primarily provide natural gas compression services, production
 and processing equipment services and maintenance services to
 meet specific customer requirements on Exterran-owned assets.
 The Aftermarket Services segment provides a full range of
 services to support the surface production and processing needs
 of customers, from parts sales and normal maintenance services
 to full operation of a customer s owned assets. The
 Fabrication segment involves the design, engineering,
 installation, fabrication and sale of (i) natural gas
 compression units and accessories, production and processing
 equipment to meet standard or unique customer specifications and
 (ii) equipment used in the production, treating and
 processing of crude oil and natural gas. Our fabrication segment
 also provides engineering, procurement and construction services
 primarily related to the manufacturing of critical process
 equipment for refinery and petrochemical facilities, the
 construction of tank farms and the construction of evaporators
 and brine heaters for desalination plants.

Subsequent to the merger between Hanover and Universal, we
 evaluated our management process for analyzing the performance
 of our operations. We have changed our segment reporting in
 accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
 principles in order to enable investors to view our operations
 in a manner similar to the way management does. Our Fabrication
 segment previously reported three product lines: Compressor and
 Accessory Fabrication, Production and Processing
 Fabrication Surface Equipment and Production and
 Processing Fabrication Belleli. We also renamed
 three of our segments as follows: U.S. Rentals is now
 referred to as North America Contract Operations; International
 Rentals is now referred to as International Contract Operations;
 and Parts, Service and Used Equipment is now referred to as
 Aftermarket Services. North America Contract Operations includes
 U.S. and Canada contract operations. The changes in our
 reportable segments, including the reclassification on the
 consolidated statements of operations of the related revenues
 and costs of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization),
 have been made to all periods presented within this Annual
 Report on
 Form 10-K. 

We evaluate the performance of our segments based on segment
 gross margin. Revenues include only sales to external customers.
 We do not include intersegment sales when we evaluate the
 performance of our segments. Our chief executive officer does
 not review asset information by segment.

F-47

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

No individual customer accounted for more than 10 of our
 consolidated revenues during any of the periods presented. The
 following tables present sales and other financial information
 by industry segment, a reconciliation of our revenues and
 geographic data for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006
 and 2005. The results below for the year ended December 31,
 2007 include 134 days of Universal s operations from
 the merger date of August 20, 2007 through
 December 31, 2007.

North America 

International 

Reportable 

Contract 

Contract 

Aftermarket 

Segments 

Operations 

Operations 

Services 

Fabrication 

Total 

Other(1) 

Consolidated 

(In thousands of dollars) 

2007 

Revenue from external customers

551,140

336,807

274,489

1,378,049

2,540,485

2,540,485

Gross Margin(2)

318,902

209,946

59,992

233,469

822,309

822,309

Total assets

3,647,354

1,221,118

173,016

649,342

5,690,830

1,172,693

6,863,523

Capital expenditures

193,817

128,778

22,902

345,497

6,693

352,190

2006 

Revenue from external customers

384,292

263,228

179,043

766,758

1,593,321

1,593,321

Gross margin(2)

227,738

166,597

39,410

113,039

546,784

546,784

Total assets

1,358,018

637,723

162,688

324,075

2,482,504

588,385

3,070,889

Capital expenditures

138,686

87,641

17,529

243,856

2,727

246,583

2005 

Revenue from external customers

351,128

232,587

152,456

568,140

1,304,311

1,304,311

Gross margin(2)

208,471

156,075

37,921

62,192

464,659

464,659

Total assets

1,415,879

669,421

63,909

224,352

2,373,561

489,435

2,862,996

Capital expenditures

61,370

87,858

4,700

153,928

1,218

155,146

Geographic
 Data 

U.S. 

Venezuela 

Other 

Consolidated 

(In thousands of dollars) 

2007 

Revenues from external customers

1,250,048

125,181

1,165,256

2,540,485

Property, plant and equipment, net

2,443,663

215,685

874,157

3,533,505

2006 

Revenues from external customers

882,245

111,771

599,305

1,593,321

Property, plant and equipment, net

1,250,656

190,514

422,282

1,863,452

2005 

Revenues from external customers

674,298

106,282

523,731

1,304,311

Property, plant and equipment, net

1,261,513

192,889

368,698

1,823,100

(1) 

Includes investments in non-consolidated affiliates and other
 corporate related items. 

(2) 

Gross Margin, a non-GAAP financial measure, is reconciled to net
 income (loss) below. 

F-48

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The following table reconciles net income (loss) to gross margin
 (in thousands):

Years Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Net income (loss) 

34,569

86,523

(38,017

Selling, general and administrative

265,057

197,282

176,831

Merger and integration expenses

46,723

Depreciation and amortization

252,716

175,927

172,649

Fleet impairment

61,945

Interest expense

130,092

123,496

146,959

Debt extinguishment costs

70,150

5,902

7,318

Equity in (income) loss of non-consolidated affiliates

(12,498

(19,430

(21,466

Other (income) expense, net

(44,646

(50,897

(8,198

Provision (benefit) for income taxes

11,894

28,782

27,714

Minority interest, net of tax

6,307

(Income) loss from discontinued operations, net of tax

(368

756

(Gain) loss from sale of discontinued operations, net of tax

(63

113

Cumulative effect of accounting change, net of tax

(370

Gross margin 

822,309

546,784

464,659

22. 

Subsequent
 Event 

In January 2008, we acquired GLR Solutions LTD.
 GLR ), a Canadian based provider of water treatment
 products for the upstream petroleum and other industries, for
 24.9 million in cash subject to certain working capital
 adjustments to be determined. Total consideration will also
 include a contingent obligation of up to 22 million
 (Canadian), which is based on the performance of GLR over the
 three years ending December 31, 2010.

F-49

Table of Contents 

EXTERRAN
 HOLDINGS, INC. 
 SELECTED QUARTERLY UNAUDITED FINANCIAL DATA 

In the opinion of management, the summarized quarterly financial
 data below (in thousands, except per share amounts) contains all
 appropriate adjustments, all of which are normally recurring
 adjustments, considered necessary to present fairly over
 financial position and the results of operations for the
 respective periods:

1st 

2nd 

3rd 

4th 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

2007(1):

Revenue from external customers

447,978

494,529

744,602

853,376

Gross profit(2)

107,375

115,312

97,596

208,927

Net income (loss)

25,402

26,063

(75,391

58,495

Income (loss) per common share:

Basic

0.76

0.76

(1.55

0.90

Diluted

0.71

0.71

(1.55

0.87

2006(3):

Revenue from external customers

332,806

386,566

412,505

461,444

Gross profit(2)

80,508

93,505

97,076

107,868

Income before cumulative effect of accounting changes

22,049

21,704

12,279

30,121

Net income

22,419

21,704

12,279

30,121

Income per common share and income per common share before
 cumulative effect of accounting changes:

Basic

0.68

0.65

0.37

0.91

Diluted

0.68

0.65

0.37

0.84

(1) 

During the fourth quarter of 2007, we recorded 9.3 million
 for merger and integration expenses. During the third quarter of
 2007, we recorded 34.0 million for merger and integration
 expenses, 77 million in refinancing charges,
 61.9 million for fleet asset impairment charges and
 6.7 million for impairment of an investment in a
 non-consolidated affiliate. 

(2) 

Gross profit is defined as revenue less cost of sales and direct
 depreciation and amortization expense. 

(3) 

In the first quarter of 2006, we recorded a 5.9 million
 charge for debt extinguishment costs and a 28.4 million
 pre-tax gain on the sale of our U.S. amine treating business. In
 the second quarter of 2006, we recorded an 8.0 million
 pre-tax gain on the sale of our fabrication facilities in
 Canada. In the fourth quarter of 2006, we recorded a benefit for
 the reversal of 10.2 million of the valuation allowance on
 our net deferred tax assets in the U.S. 

F-50

Table of Contents 

SCHEDULE II 
 EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 
 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 

Additions 

Balance at 

Charged to 

Balance at 

Beginning 

Costs and 

Charged to 

End of 

Description 

of Period 

Expenses 

Other Accounts 

Deductions 

Period 

(In thousands) 

Allowance for doubtful accounts deducted from accounts
 receivable in the balance sheet

2007

4,938

2,650

5,063

(4)

1,805

(1)

10,846

2006

4,751

2,465

2,278

(1)

4,938

2005

7,573

1,955

4,777

(1)

4,751

Allowance for obsolete and slow moving inventory deducted from
 inventories in the balance sheet

2007

11,912

1,672

11,003

(4)

3,115

(2)

21,472

2006

11,797

2,293

2,178

(2)

11,912

2005

11,699

148

50

(2)

11,797

Allowance for deferred tax assets not expected to be realized

2007

46,996

5,243

1,173

(4)

22,549

(3)

30,863

2006

75,420

13,061

41,485

(3)

46,996

2005

65,441

13,015

3,036

(3)

75,420

(1) 

Uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries. 

(2) 

Obsolete inventory written off at cost, net of value received. 

(3) 

Reflects expected realization of deferred tax assets. 

(4) 

Amount represents increase in allowances related to the purchase
 price allocations for the Universal merger. 

S-1

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 

Description 

2

.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 5, 2007,
 by and among Hanover Compressor Company, Universal Compression
 Holdings, Inc., Iliad Holdings, Inc., Hector Sub, Inc. and
 Ulysses Sub, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1
 of the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed August 20, 2007

2

.2

Amendment No. 1, dated as of June 25, 2007, to
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 5, 2007,
 by and among Hanover Compressor Company, Universal Compression
 Holdings, Inc., Exterran Holdings, Inc. (formerly Iliad
 Holdings, Inc.), Hector Sub, Inc. and Ulysses Sub, Inc.,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed August 20, 2007

2

.3

Amended and Restated Contribution Conveyance and Assumption
 Agreement, dated July 6, 2007, by and among Universal
 Compression, Inc., UCO Compression 2005 LLC, UCI Leasing LLC,
 UCO GP, LLC, UCI GP LP LLC, UCO General Partner, LP, UCI MLP LP
 LLC, UCLP Operating LLC, UCLP Leasing LLC and Universal
 Compression Partners, L.P., incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 2.1 of Universal Compression Holdings, Inc. s
 Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed July 11, 2007

3

.1

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Exterran Holdings,
 Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed August 20, 2007

3

.2

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Exterran Holdings, Inc.,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed August 20, 2007

4

.1

First Supplemental Indenture, dated August 20, 2007, by and
 between Hanover Compressor Company, Exterran Holdings, Inc., and
 Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, for the
 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2008, incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

4

.2

Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 20, 2007, by
 and between Hanover Compressor Company, Exterran Holdings, Inc.,
 and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, for the
 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2014, incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.1 

Exterran Holdings, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.2 

Form of Indemnification Agreement, incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.3

Senior Secured Credit Agreement, dated August 20, 2007, by
 and among Exterran Holdings, Inc., as the U.S. Borrower and a
 Canadian Guarantor, Exterran Canada, Limited Partnership, as the
 Canadian Borrower, Wachovia Bank, National Association,
 individually and as U.S. Administrative Agent, Wachovia Capital
 Finance Corporation (Canada), individually and as Canadian
 Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., individually
 and as Syndication Agent; Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC and
 J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. as the Joint Lead Arrangers and
 Joint Book Runners, Bank of America, N.A., Calyon New York
 Branch and Fortis Capital Corp., as the Documentation Agents,
 and each of the lenders parties thereto or which becomes a
 signatory thereto (the Credit Agreement ),
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.4

U.S. Guaranty Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2007, made
 by Exterran, Inc., EI Leasing LLC, UCI MLP LP LLC, Exterran
 Energy Solutions, L.P. and each of the subsidiary guarantors
 that become a party thereto from time to time, as guarantors, in
 favor of Wachovia Bank, National Association, as the U.S.
 Administrative Agent for the lenders under the Credit Agreement,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.5

U.S. Pledge Agreement made by Exterran Holdings, Inc., Exterran,
 Inc., Exterran Energy Solutions, L.P., Hanover Compression
 General Holdings LLC, Hanover HL, LLC, Enterra Compression
 Investment Company, UCI MLP LP LLC, UCO General Partner, LP, UCI
 GP LP LLC, and UCO GP, LLC, and each of the subsidiaries that
 become a party thereto from time to time, as the Pledgors, in
 favor of Wachovia Bank, National Association, as U.S.
 Administrative Agent for the lenders under the Credit Agreement,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 

Description 

10

.6

U.S. Collateral Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2007,
 made by Exterran Holdings, Inc., Exterran, Inc., Exterran Energy
 Solutions, L.P., EI Leasing LLC, UCI MLP LP LLC and each of the
 subsidiaries that become a party thereto from time to time, as
 grantors, in favor of Wachovia Bank, National Association, as
 U.S. Administrative Agent, for the lenders under the Credit
 Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.7

Canadian Collateral Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2007
 made by Exterran Canada, Limited Partnership, together with any
 other significant Canadian subsidiary that executes a joinder
 agreement and becomes a party to the Credit Agreement, in favor
 of Wachovia Capital Finance Corporation (Canada), as Canadian
 Administrative Agent, for the Canadian Tranche Revolving
 Lenders under the Credit Agreement, incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.8

Indenture, dated August 20, 2007, by and between Exterran
 ABS 2007 LLC, as Issuer, Exterran ABS Leasing 2007 LLC, as
 Exterran ABS Lessor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
 as Indenture Trustee, with respect to the 1,000,000,000
 asset-backed securitization facility consisting of
 1,000,000,000 of
 Series 2007-1 
 Notes (the Indenture ), incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.9

Series 2007-1 
 Supplement, dated as of August 20, 2007, to the Indenture,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.10

Guaranty, dated as of August 20, 2007, issued by Exterran
 Holdings, Inc. for the benefit of Exterran ABS 2007 LLC as
 Issuer, Exterran ABS Leasing 2007 LLC, as Equipment Lessor and
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, , as Indenture Trustee,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.11

Management Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2007, by and
 between Exterran, Inc., as Manager, Exterran ABS Leasing 2007
 LLC as ABS Lessor and Exterran ABS 2007 LLC, as Issuer,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.12

Intercreditor and Collateral Agency Agreement, dated as of
 August 20, 2007, by and among Exterran, Inc., in its
 individual capacity and as Manager, Exterran ABS 2007 LLC, as
 Issuer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Indenture
 Trustee, Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Bank Agent,
 various financial institutions as lenders thereto and JP Morgan
 Chase Bank, N.A., in its individual capacity and as
 Intercreditor Collateral Agent, incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.12 of the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.13

Intercreditor and Collateral Agency Agreement, dated as of
 August 20, 2007, by and among Exterran Energy Solutions,
 L.P., in its individual capacity and as Manager, Exterran ABS
 2007 LLC, as Issuer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as
 Indenture Trustee, Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Bank
 Agent, various financial institutions as lenders thereto and
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, in its individual
 capacity and as Intercreditor Collateral Agent, incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.14 

Exterran Holdings, Inc. Directors Stock and Deferral Plan,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.15 

Consulting Agreement between Exterran Holdings, Inc. and Ernie
 L. Danner, dated August 20, 2007, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.17 of the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.16 

Exterran Holdings, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Registrant s
 Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q 
 filed on November 6, 2007

10

.17 

Form of Exterran Holdings, Inc. Change of Control Agreement,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the
 Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.18 

Form of Amendment No. 1 to Hanover Compressor Company
 Change of Control Agreement, incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.20 of Exterran the Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 23, 2007

10

.19

Office Lease Agreement by and between RFP Lincoln Greenspoint,
 LLC and Exterran Energy Solutions, L.P., incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current
 Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 30, 2007

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 

Description 

10

.20

Omnibus Agreement, dated October 20, 2006, by and among
 Universal Compression Partners, L.P., UC Operating Partnership,
 L.P., UCO GP, LLC, UCO General Partner, LP, Universal
 Compression, Inc., Universal Compression Holdings, Inc. and UCLP
 OLP GP LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of
 Universal Compression Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on October 26, 2006

10

.21

First Amendment to Omnibus Agreement, dated July 9, 2007,
 by and among Universal Compression Partners, L.P., Universal
 Compression Holdings, Inc., Universal Compression, Inc., UCO GP,
 LLC, UCO General Partner, LP and UCLP Operating LLC,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Universal
 Compression Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on July 11, 2007

10

.22

First Amended and Restated Omnibus Agreement, dated as of
 August 20, 2007, by and among Exterran Holdings, Inc.,
 Exterran, Inc., UCO GP, LLC, UCO General Partner, LP, Exterran
 Partners, L.P., EXLP Operating LLC and Exterran Energy
 Solutions, L.P. (portions of this exhibit have been omitted and
 filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 pursuant to a confidential treatment request under
 Rule 24b-2 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended),
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of the
 Registrant s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q 
 filed on November 6, 2007

10

.23 

Amendment Number Two to Universal Compression Holdings, Inc.
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 of Universal Compression Holdings, Inc. s
 Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 3, 2007

10

.24 

First Amendment to Universal Compression, Inc. 401(k) Retirement
 and Savings Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
 of Universal Compression Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 3, 2007

10

.25 

Form of Amendment to Grant of Unit Appreciation Rights,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Universal
 Compression Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 3, 2007

10

.26 

Form of Amendment to Incentive and Non-Qualified Stock Option
 Award Agreements of Ernie L. Danner, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.4 of Universal Compression Holdings,
 Inc. s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 3, 2007

10

.27 

Form of Unit Option Grant, incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 3 to Exterran Partners,
 L.P. s Registration Statement on
 Form S-1 
 filed October 4, 2006 (File
 No. 333-135351) 

10

.28 

Form of Amendment to Unit Option Award Agreement, incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Universal Compression
 Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 filed on August 3, 2007

10

.29 

Exterran Holdings, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan

10

.30 

Exterran Employees Supplemental Savings Plan

10

.31 

Exterran Annual Performance Pay Plan

10

.32 

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Notice

10

.33 

Form of Restricted Stock Award Notice

10

.34 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice

10

.35 

Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Notice

10

.36 

Form of Grant of Unit Appreciation Rights

10

.37 

Letter dated March 15, 2001, with respect to certain
 retirement benefits to be provided to Stephen A. Snider,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 of Universal
 Compression Holdings, Inc. s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2001

21

.1 

List of Subsidiaries

23

.1 

Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP

23

.2 

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

31

.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

31

.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32

.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32

.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Table of Contents 

Filed herewith. 

The registrant hereby agrees to supplementally furnish the
 staff, on a confidential basis, a copy of any omitted schedule
 upon the staff s request. 

<EX-10.29>
 2
 h54306exv10w29.htm
 DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

exv10w29 

Exhibit
10.29 

 EXTERRAN DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
(Effective as of January 1, 2008) 

EXTERRAN DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 

(Effective as of January 1, 2008) 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 

2 

1.1

Account 

2 

1.2

Affiliate 

2 

1.3

Base Salary 

2 

1.4

Beneficiary 

2 

1.5

Board 

2 

1.6

Bonus 

2 

1.7

Business Day 

2 

1.8

Code 

2 

1.9

Committee 

2 

1.10

Company 

3 

1.11

Company Discretionary Contributions 

3 

1.12

Company Restorative Contributions 

3 

1.13

Company Stock 

3 

1.14

Compensation 

3 

1.15

Deferral Contributions 

3 

1.16

Deferral Election 

3 

1.17

Disability or Disabled 

3 

1.18

Effective Date 

3 

1.19

Elective Deferrals 

3 

1.20

Eligible Employee 

3 

1.21

ERISA 

3 

1.22

ESSP 

3 

1.23

Installment Payments 

3 

1.24

Investment Election 

4 

1.25

Investment Funds 

4 

1.26

Participant 

4 

1.27

Participating Company 

4 

1.28

Plan 

4 

1.29

Plan Year 

4 

1.30

Recordkeeper 

4 

1.31

Savings Plan 

4 

1.32

Section 409A 

4 

1.33

Separation from Service 

4 

1.34

Unforeseeable Emergency 

4 

1.35

Valuation Date 

5 

i 

Page 

ARTICLE II ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 

6 

2.1

Eligibility 

6 

2.2

Procedure for Participation 

6 

2.3

Cessation of Active Participation 

6 

ARTICLE III PARTICIPANT ACCOUNTS; DEFERRALS AND CREDITING 

7 

3.1

Participant Accounts 

7 

3.2

Deferrals of Base Salary 

8 

3.3

Deferrals of Bonus 

8 

3.4

Procedure for Elections 

8 

3.5

Company Restorative Contributions 

9 

3.6

Company Discretionary Contributions 

9 

3.7

Debiting of Distributions 

9 

3.8

Crediting of Earnings, Gains and Losses 

10 

3.9

Value of Account 

10 

3.10

Notice to Participants of Account Balances 

10 

3.11

Good Faith Valuation Binding 

10 

ARTICLE IV INVESTMENT FUNDS 

11 

4.1

Selection by Committee 

11 

4.2

Participant Direction of Deemed Investments 

11 

ARTICLE V VESTING AND DISTRIBUTION OF ACCOUNT BALANCES 

13 

5.1

Vesting 

13 

5.2

Election of Time and Form of Distributions 

13 

5.3

Time of Distribution Upon Distribution Events 

14 

5.4

Time and Form of Distribution of Company Discretionary Contributions 

15 

5.5

Subsequent Election as to Time and Form of Distribution 

15 

5.6

Distributions on Account of Unforeseeable Emergency 

15 

5.7

Beneficiary Designation and Death Benefits 

16 

5.8

Taxes 

16 

5.9

Errors and Omissions in Accounts 

16 

5.10

Acceleration of Benefits 

16 

ARTICLE VI CLAIMS 

18 

6.1

Claims 

18 

6.2

Arbitration 

19 

ARTICLE VII SOURCE OF FUNDS; TRUST 

20 

7.1

Source of Funds 

20 

7.2

Trust 

20 

ARTICLE VIII ADMINISTRATIVE COMMITTEE 

21 

8.1

Action 

21 

8.2

Rights and Duties 

21 

8.3

Compensation, Indemnity and Liability 

21 

8.4

Designation of Participating Companies 

22 

ii 

Page 

ARTICLE IX AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 

23 

9.1

Amendments 

23 

9.2

Termination of the Plan 

23 

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 

24 

10.1

Taxation 

24 

10.2

No Employment Contract 

24 

10.3

Headings 

24 

10.4

Gender and Number 

24 

10.5

Successors 

24 

10.6

Assignment of Benefits 

24 

10.7

Entire Plan 

24 

10.8

Legally Incompetent 

25 

10.9

Notice 

25 

10.10

Governing Law 

25 

APPENDIX A 

iii 

EXTERRAN DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
(Effective as of January 1, 2008) 

Effective as of the 1st day of January, 2008, Exterran Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company ), hereby adopts the Exterran Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan ).

BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE 

A. Background . The Company maintains the Exterran 401(k) Retirement Plan, a plan
qualified under Sections 401(a) and 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
 Code ), with limits on contributions and benefits as prescribed by the Code, including, without
limitation, the maximum limits on Compensation (as defined herein), employee deferrals and benefit
allocations (under Code Sections 401(a)(17), 402(g), and 415, respectively).

B. Purpose . The Company desires to provide its designated key management employees
and those of its affiliated companies that participate in the Plan with an opportunity to maximize
savings benefits by (i) allowing such employees to defer Compensation and (ii) providing an
employer matching contribution, thereby providing greater incentives to such employees to remain in
service with the Company and maintain the highest standards of performance. In addition, effective
as of January 1, 2008, deferred Compensation and employer matching contributions to the Exterran
Inc. Employees Supplemental Savings Plan (the ESSP that were earned or vested after December
31, 2004, along with all earnings, gains and losses attributable thereto, are separated and
transferred from the ESSP and into the Plan, with such deferred Compensation and employer matching
contributions to be maintained and distributed from, and in accordance with the terms of, the Plan
applicable to deferred Compensation and employer matching contributions, respectively.

C. Type of Plan . The Plan constitutes an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation
plan that benefits certain designated employees who are within a select group of key management or
highly compensated employees. The Plan is intended to qualify for the exemptions provided under
Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), for plans
that are not tax-qualified and that are maintained primarily to provide deferred compensation for a
select group of management or highly compensated employees.

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

For purposes of the Plan, the following terms, when capitalized, shall have the meanings set
forth below unless a different meaning plainly is required by the context.

1.1 Account shall mean, with respect to a Participant or Beneficiary, the total dollar
amount or value evidenced by the last balance posted in accordance with the terms of the Plan to
the account record established for such Participant or Beneficiary. Separate sub-accounts may be
maintained within each Account as deemed necessary by the Committee, including, but not limited to,
Base Salary Deferral Accounts, Bonus Deferral Accounts, Company Restorative Contribution Accounts
and Company Discretionary Contribution Accounts.

1.2 Affiliate shall mean (i) any corporation or other entity that is required to be
aggregated with the Company under Code Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o), and (ii) any other entity
in which the Company has an ownership interest and which the Company designates as an Affiliate for
purposes of the Plan.

1.3 Base Salary shall mean the Participant s base salary or wages paid to him by a
Participating Company for a Plan Year (before any Deferral Contributions or Elective Deferrals).
The Base Salary of a Participant as reflected on the books and records of the Participating Company
shall be conclusive.

1.4 Beneficiary shall mean such natural person or persons or the trustee of an inter vivos 
trust for the benefit of natural persons entitled to benefits hereunder following a Participant s
death.

1.5 Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

1.6 Bonus shall mean the annual cash bonus (if any) paid to a Participant under a
Participating Company s annual short-term bonus or incentive plan or program for a Plan Year and,
if designated by the Committee in its sole discretion prior to a Plan Year, regular commissions
paid to a Participant by a Participating Company for such Plan Year (before any Deferral
Contributions or Elective Deferrals); provided, however , the term Bonus shall not include any
other bonuses paid to the Participant, including, but not limited to, sign-on, retention, other
special or discretionary bonuses, or non-regular types of commissions paid to the Participant.

1.7 Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any day other than
days on which the New York Stock Exchange is closed for business.

1.8 Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

1.9 Committee shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board or such other committee
appointed by the Company to act as administrator of the Plan and to perform the duties described in
Article VIII.

2 

1.10 Company shall mean Exterran Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its
successors.

1.11 Company Discretionary Contributions shall mean the contribution made by the applicable
Participating Company to a Participant in such amount and as subject to such vesting requirements
as described in Section 3.6.

1.12 Company Restorative Contributions shall mean the contribution made by the applicable
Participating Company to a Participant as described in Section 3.5.

1.13 Company Stock shall mean the common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the Company.

1.14 Compensation shall mean a Participant s Base Salary and Bonus for a Plan Year.

1.15 Deferral Contributions shall mean, for each Plan Year, that portion of a Participant s
Base Salary and/or Bonus deferred under the Plan pursuant to Sections 3.2 and 3.3.

1.16 Deferral Election shall mean a written, electronic or other form of election permitted
by the Committee pursuant to which a Participant may elect to defer a portion of his Base Salary
and/or Bonus under the Plan.

1.17 Disability or Disabled 
shall mean a physical or mental impairment that (i) entitles a Participant to benefits under
the Company s long-term disability plan and (ii) qualifies as a Disability under Code Section
409A(a)(2)(C), as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion, but consistent with Treasury
Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(4) (or any successor regulations or guidance thereto).

1.18 Effective Date shall mean January 1, 2008.

1.19 Elective Deferrals shall mean, for each Plan Year, a Participant s pre-tax, elective
deferrals to the Savings Plan.

1.20 Eligible Employee shall mean, for a Plan Year, an employee of a Participating Company
who (i) is a U.S. citizen (including an expatriate) or U.S. resident, (ii) is within a select group
of key management or highly compensated employees and (iii) is selected for participation in the
Plan by the Committee.

1.21 ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

1.22 ESSP shall mean the Exterran Inc. Employees Supplemental Savings Plan, as in effect
on December 31, 2007.

1.23 Installment Payments shall mean a series of individual payments made annually over a
period of years elected by a Participant pursuant to Section 5.3, with each such payment equal to
the amount resulting from the multiplication of the Participant s Account

3 

balance by a fraction,
the numerator of which is 1 and the denominator of which is the number of years remaining in the
period (for example, if the period is 10 years, then the Installment Payment in year one is equal
to the Account balance multiplied by 1/10; in year two, the Account balance multiplied by 1/9; and
so forth such that in year 10, the entire remaining Account balance is paid to the Participant i.e. , Account balance multiplied by 1/1)).

1.24 Investment Election shall mean an election, made in such form as the Committee may
direct, pursuant to which a Participant may elect the Investment Funds in which the amounts
credited to his Account shall be deemed to be invested.

1.25 Investment Funds 
shall mean the investment funds selected from time to time by the Committee for purposes of
determining the rate of return on amounts deemed invested pursuant to the terms of the Plan. In
the absence of such Committee selection, the investment funds shall be the same as those held under
the Savings Plan.

1.26 Participant shall mean any person who participates in the Plan pursuant to the
provisions of Article II, or who otherwise has an Account under the Plan.

1.27 Participating Company shall mean the Company and its Affiliates that are designated
by the Committee as Participating Companies as described in Section 8.4 and set forth on Appendix A 
of the Plan.

1.28 Plan shall mean the Exterran Deferred Compensation Plan, as contained herein, and all
amendments hereto.

1.29 Plan Year shall mean the 12-month period ending on December 31 of each year.

1.30 Recordkeeper shall mean Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company, or such
other party or parties so designated from time to time by the Committee.

1.31 Savings Plan shall mean the Exterran 401(k) Retirement Plan, as amended from time to
time.

1.32 Section 409A shall mean Section 409A of the Code.

1.33 Separation from Service shall mean a separation from service within the meaning of
Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) and Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h) (or any successor regulations or
guidance thereto), including separation due to death.

1.34 Unforeseeable Emergency shall mean a severe financial hardship to the Participant
resulting from (i) an illness or accident of the Participant, the Participant s spouse, the
Participant s Beneficiary, or the Participant s dependent (as defined in Code Section 152, without
regard to Code Sections 152(b)(1), (b)(2), and (d)(1)(B)); (ii) loss of the Participant s property
due to casualty (including the need to rebuild a home following damage to a home not otherwise covered by insurance); or (iii) other
similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the
control of the Participant; provided, however , that the event meets the definition of
 unforeseeable emergency under Section

4 

409A(a)(2)(B)(ii) and Treasury Regulation 
1.409A-3(i)(3)(i) (or any successor regulations or guidance thereto).

1.35 Valuation Date shall mean each Business Day; provided, however , that the value of an
Account on a day other than a Business Day shall be the value determined for the immediately
preceding Business Day.

5 

ARTICLE II 

ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 

2.1 Eligibility .

(a) Annual Participation . An Eligible Employee s participation shall become effective
as of the first day of the Plan Year, provided he satisfies the procedures for participation in the
Plan described in Section 2.2, or is otherwise eligible for a Company Restoration Contribution
under Section 3.5. Employees whose benefits under the ESSP were transferred to the Plan shall be
Participants with respect to such benefits.

(b) Interim Plan Year Participation . Each individual who becomes employed with a
Participating Company during the Plan Year and who is designated as an Eligible Employee shall be
eligible to participate in the Plan for a portion of such Plan Year by electing to make Deferral
Contributions, provided, however , that such individual is not otherwise eligible for, or a
participant in, a plan which is aggregated with this Plan for purposes of Section 409A. Such
individual s participation shall become effective as soon as administratively practicable after the
date he satisfies the procedures for participation in the Plan described in Section 2.2. Such
procedures must be satisfied within 30 days following the date he becomes an Eligible Employee.

2.2 Procedure for Participation . Each Participant shall complete such forms and provide
such data in a timely manner as required by the Committee. Such forms and data may include,
without limitation, a Deferral Election, the Eligible Employee s acceptance of the terms and
conditions of the Plan, and the designation in accordance with the terms of the Plan of a
Beneficiary to receive any death benefits payable hereunder. A Participant must timely submit a
new Deferral Election for each Plan Year for which the Participant elects to make Deferral
Contributions. The Deferral Election of a Participant who is an Eligible Employee for a portion of
a Plan Year (pursuant to Section 2.1(b)) shall be effective only with respect to Compensation paid
for services to be performed after the Deferral Election is made.

2.3 Cessation of Active Participation . Unless otherwise designated by the Committee, in
its sole discretion, each Participant who ceases to be an active employee of a Participating
Company shall cease to be eligible to receive or make any contributions under the Plan as of such
cessation of employment date. The Committee may remove an employee from active Participant status
for any subsequent Plan Year at any time prior to the first day of such Plan Year. If a
Participant s active participation in the Plan ends, such Participant shall remain an inactive
Participant in the Plan until the earlier of (i) the date the full amount of his vested Account is
distributed from the Plan, or (ii) the date he again becomes an Eligible Employee and recommences
participation in the Plan. During the period of time that a person is an inactive Participant in
the Plan, his Account shall continue to be credited with earnings, gains and losses as provided in
Section 3.8.

6 

ARTICLE III 

PARTICIPANT ACCOUNTS; DEFERRALS AND CREDITING 

3.1 Participant Accounts .

(a) Establishment of Accounts . The Committee shall establish and maintain an Account
on behalf of each Participant. To the extent provided herein, each Participant s Account shall be
credited with Deferral Contributions, Company Restorative Contributions, and Company Discretionary
Contributions, along with the earnings, gains and losses attributable to such amounts, based upon
the Participant s Investment Elections, and shall be debited by the amount of all distributions.
Each Participant s Account shall be maintained until the vested value thereof has been distributed
to or on behalf of such Participant or his Beneficiary. Deferral Contributions that were earned or
vested after December 31, 2004 (along with all earnings, gains and losses attributable thereto)
under the ESSP and transferred to the Plan as of the Effective Date shall be evidenced and posted
under a Participant s Account. Employer matching contributions that were earned or vested after
December 31, 2004 (along with all earnings, gains and losses attributable thereto) under the ESSP
and transferred to the Plan as of the Effective Date shall be evidenced and posted under a
Participant s Company Restorative Contribution Account.

(b) Nature of Contributions and Accounts . The amounts credited to a Participant s
Account shall be represented solely by bookkeeping entries. No monies or other assets shall
actually be set aside for such Participant, and all payments to a Participant under the Plan shall
be made from the general assets of the Participating Companies (except as may be provided under
Section 7.2). Amounts credited with respect to Participants paid in currencies other than U.S.
dollars will be accumulated in local currency and converted to U.S. dollars as of the crediting
date.

(c) Several Liabilities . Each Participating Company shall be severally (and not
jointly) liable for the payment of benefits under the Plan in an amount equal to the total of all
undistributed Deferral Contributions withheld from Participants Compensation paid or payable by
each such Participating Company, Company Restorative Contributions and Company Discretionary
Contributions made on behalf of the Participants employed by the Participating Company, and all
investment earnings, gains and losses attributable to such amounts. The Committee shall allocate
the total liability to pay benefits under the Plan among the Participating Companies in accordance
with the immediately preceding sentence, and the Committee s determination shall be final and
binding.

(d) General Creditors . Any assets which may be acquired by a Participating Company in
anticipation of its obligations under the Plan shall be part of the general assets of such
Participating Company. A Participating Company s obligation to pay benefits under the Plan
constitutes a mere promise of such Participating Company to pay such benefits, and a Participant or
Beneficiary shall be and remain no more than an unsecured, general creditor of such Participating
Company.

7 

3.2 Deferrals of Base Salary . Each Participant who is eligible to participate in the Plan
as of the first day of a Plan Year, and each Participant who becomes eligible to participate in the
Plan for a portion of a Plan Year pursuant to Section 2.1(b), may elect to have Deferral
Contributions of his Base Salary made on his behalf for such Plan Year (or portion thereof) by
completing and delivering to the Committee a Deferral Election setting forth the terms of his
election. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Section 3.4, a Deferral Election shall
provide for the reduction of a Participant s Base Salary payable in certain regular paychecks paid
during the Plan Year for which the Deferral Election is in effect. A Participant may elect to
defer up to a maximum of 100 of his Base Salary for the pay period (less any required tax or other
withholdings). The Committee, in its sole discretion, may change the maximum percentage set forth
in this Section 3.2 from time to time prior to the beginning of any Plan Year.

3.3 Deferrals of Bonus . Each Participant who is eligible to participate in the Plan as of
the first day of a Plan Year, and each Participant who becomes eligible to participate in the Plan
for a portion of a Plan Year pursuant to Section 2.1(b), may elect to have a Deferral Contribution
from his Bonus made on his behalf for such Plan Year (or portion thereof) by completing and
delivering to the Committee a Deferral Election setting forth the terms of his election. Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth in Section 3.4, a Deferral Election shall provide for the
reduction of a Participant s Bonus attributable to the Plan Year for which the Deferral Election is
in effect. A Participant may elect to defer up to a maximum of 100 of his Bonus (less any
required tax or other withholdings). The Committee, in its sole discretion, may change from time
to time the maximum percentage set forth in this Section 3.3 from time to time prior to any Plan
Year.

3.4 Procedure for Elections . Subject to any modifications, additions or exceptions that
the Committee, in its sole discretion, deems necessary, appropriate or helpful, the following terms
shall apply to such elections:

(a) Timing of Election . To be effective, a Participant s Deferral Election must be
made within the time period prescribed by the Committee (the Election Period ). The Election
Period shall end, and the Participant s Deferral Election shall be irrevocable, on or, if
designated by the Committee, a date before, the last day of the Plan Year immediately preceding the
Plan Year for which Deferral Contributions will be made; except that, with respect to those
employees who become eligible to participate in the Plan for a portion of a Plan Year pursuant to
Section 2.1(b) with respect to Deferral Contributions, such Election Period shall begin on the date
such individual s participation becomes effective and extend for 30 days thereafter. If a
Participant fails to submit a Deferral Election in a timely manner, he shall be deemed to have
elected not to participate in the Plan for that Plan Year with respect to his deferred
Compensation.

(b) Term . Each Participant s Deferral Election shall become effective (i) on the
first day of the Plan Year next following the date on which the Participant makes the Deferral
Election or (ii) with respect to those employees who become eligible to participate in the Plan for
a portion of a Plan Year pursuant to Section 2.1(b), as soon as practicable after receipt by
the Committee of his Deferral Election. Each Participant s Deferral Election shall remain in
effect for Base Salary and/or Bonus paid solely during the Plan Year for which it applies. If a

8 

Participant is transferred from the employment of one Participating Company to the employment of
another Participating Company, his Deferral Election with the first Participating Company will
remain in effect and will apply to his Base Salary and/or Bonus from the second Participating
Company as if he had made his Deferral Election while employed by his new employer for the duration
of the applicable Plan Year.

(c) Revocation . A Participant may not change or revoke his Deferral Election, once it
becomes irrevocable as provided in Section 3.4(a). Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Participant
who receives a distribution on account of an Unforeseeable Emergency as provided for under Section
5.6 shall have his Deferral Election revoked as of the date such distribution is made. A
Participant whose Deferral Election has been revoked may enter into a new Deferral Election with
respect to his Base Salary and/or Bonus for any subsequent Plan Year by making such Deferral
Election on or before the last day of the Plan Year immediately preceding the Plan Year for which
he desires to participate and in which the Base Salary and/or Bonus to be deferred is to be paid,
provided he is otherwise eligible to make Deferral Contributions for such Plan Year.

(d) Crediting of Deferral Contributions . For each Plan Year that a Participant has a
Deferral Election in effect, the Committee shall credit the amount of such Participant s Deferral
Contributions to his Account as of the Valuation Date which coincides with or immediately follows
the date on which such amount would have been paid to him but for his Deferral Election, or as soon
as administratively practicable thereafter.

3.5 Company Restorative Contributions . For each Plan Year, the Participating Company shall
credit to a Participant s Company Restorative Contribution Account an amount, if any, equal to (i)
the total of the Participant s Deferral Contributions and Elective Deferrals (excluding any
 catch-up contributions made by the Participant to the Savings Plan) for such Plan Year,
 multiplied by (ii) the employer matching contribution formula under the Savings Plan for such Plan
Year, with such resulting amount reduced by (iii) the employer matching contributions made to the
Participant s account under the Savings Plan for such Plan Year (excluding employer matching
contributions made on any catch-up contributions to the Participant s account under the Savings
Plan); provided, however , that such Participant is an employee of a Participating Company or an
Affiliate (x) as of the last day of such Plan Year and (y) as of the date the contribution is
credited for such Plan Year. The Company Restorative Contribution will be credited to the
Participant s Company Restorative Contribution Account as soon as practicable after the close of
the Plan Year to which the Company Restorative Contribution relates.

3.6 Company Discretionary Contributions . The Company may credit a Participant s
Discretionary Contribution Account at any time with an amount determined by a Participating Company
and subject to such vesting restrictions as the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine.

3.7 Debiting of Distributions . As of each Valuation Date, the Committee shall debit each
Participant s Account for any amount distributed from such Account since the immediately preceding
Valuation Date.

9 

3.8 Crediting of Earnings, Gains and Losses . The Recordkeeper shall credit each
Participant s Account with earnings, gains and/or losses based upon Investment Elections made by
the Participant in accordance with Article IV and any investment procedures adopted by the
Committee.

3.9 Value of Account . The value of a Participant s Account as of any date shall be equal
to the aggregate value of all contributions and all investment earnings, gains and losses deemed
credited to his Account as of the Valuation Date coinciding with or immediately preceding such
date, less any amounts distributed (or forfeited) since the preceding Valuation Date, determined in
accordance with this Article III.

3.10 Notice to Participants of Account Balances . At least once each Plan Year, the
Committee shall cause a written statement of a Participant s Account balance to be distributed to
the Participant.

3.11 Good Faith Valuation Binding . In determining the value of the Accounts, the Committee
shall exercise its best judgment, and all such determinations of value (in the absence of bad
faith) shall be binding upon all Participants and their Beneficiaries.

10 

ARTICLE IV 

INVESTMENT FUNDS 

4.1 Selection by Committee . From time to time, the Committee shall select two or more
Investment Funds for purposes of determining the rate of return on amounts in the Participants 
Accounts deemed invested in accordance with the terms of the Plan. Unless the Committee determines
otherwise, the Investment Funds available under the Plan shall generally be selected from the
investment options available under the Savings Plan. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may
change, add or remove Investment Funds on a prospective basis at any time and in any manner it
deems appropriate (and without notice). With respect to Company Restorative Contributions made
prior to December 31, 2007, to the extent such amounts are deemed invested in Company Stock
immediately prior to the transfer date of the amount, such amounts shall continue to be deemed
invested in Company Stock until the earlier of (i) the date the Participant elects to reinvest such
amounts in another Investment Fund(s) or (ii) December 31, 2010. Any amounts that are invested in
Company Stock as of December 31, 2010 shall be deemed invested in the default Investment Fund(s)
specified by the Committee as of January 1, 2011. Except as described above, no portion of a
Participant s Account may be deemed invested in Company Stock. Moreover, once any such amounts
deemed invested in Company Stock are reinvested into another Investment Fund, such amounts may not
subsequently be deemed reinvested in Company Stock.

4.2 Participant Direction of Deemed Investments . Each Participant generally may direct the
manner in which his Account shall be deemed invested in and among the Investment Funds (other than
Company Stock). Any Participant investment directions permitted hereunder shall be made in
accordance with the following terms:

(a) Nature of Participant Direction . The selection of Investment Funds by a
Participant shall be for the sole purpose of determining the rate of return to be credited to his
Account, and shall not be treated or interpreted in any manner whatsoever as a requirement or
direction to actually invest assets in any Investment Fund or any other investment media. The
Plan, as an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan, at no time shall have any actual
investment of assets relative to the benefits or Accounts hereunder.

(b) Investment of Contributions . Each Participant may make an Investment Election
prescribing the percentage of his existing Account and the future contributions thereto that will
be deemed invested in each Investment Fund. An initial Investment Election of a Participant shall
be made as of the date the Participant commences participation in the Plan and shall apply to all
contributions credited to such Participant s Account after such date. A Participant may make
subsequent Investment Elections as of any Valuation Date, and each such election shall apply to the
Participant s existing Account and all future contributions credited to the Participant s Account
after the Committee has a reasonable opportunity to process the election pursuant to such
procedures as the Committee may determine from time to time. Subject to the provisions of Section
4.1, an Investment Election made pursuant to this subsection
shall remain effective until changed by the Participant. If a Participant fails to make an
Investment Election (or fails to make a valid or complete Investment Election), then the amounts

11 

contributed to the Participant s Account will be deemed invested in the default Investment Fund(s).

(c) Committee s Administrative Discretion . The Committee shall have complete
discretion to adopt and revise procedures to be followed in making Investment Elections. Such
procedures may include, but are not limited to, the process of making elections, the permitted
frequency of making elections, the incremental size of elections, the contribution types to which
such elections apply, the deadline for making elections and the effective date of such elections.
Any procedures adopted by the Committee that are inconsistent with the deadlines or procedures
specified in this Section 4.2 shall supersede such provisions of this Section without the necessity
of a Plan amendment.

12 

ARTICLE V 

VESTING AND DISTRIBUTION OF ACCOUNT BALANCES 

5.1 Vesting . A Participant shall at all times be fully vested in his Deferral
Contributions, and the earnings, gains and losses attributable thereto credited to his Account with
respect to such deferrals. A Participant shall vest at the same time and in the same amount in his
Company Restorative Contributions as prescribed by the vesting schedule in the Savings Plan for
employer matching contributions to such plan. A Participant shall vest at such times and in such
amounts in his Company Discretionary Contributions as determined by the Committee. Notwithstanding
any provision of the Plan to the contrary, a Participant shall be fully vested at all times in his
benefit transferred to the Plan from the ESSP.

5.2 Election of Time and Form of Distributions .

(a) Distribution Elections . At the time a Participant elects to defer his
Compensation for a Plan Year, and in accordance with procedures established by the Committee, the
Participant shall make the following distribution elections:

(i) Termination or Disability . The Participant may timely elect to
receive the benefits attributable to his Deferral Contributions and his vested
Company Restorative Contributions, if any, for such Plan Year (including the
earnings, gains and losses attributable thereto) in the form of either a lump-sum
payment or Installment Payments, as described in Section 5.3, in the event of his
termination of employment that is a Separation from Service or, if applicable,
Disability. Such election shall remain in effect unless and until a subsequent
election is made in accordance with Section 5.5.

(ii) In-Service Distribution . The Participant may timely elect to
receive the benefits attributable to his Deferral Contributions and vested Company
Restorative Contributions, if any, for such Plan Year (including the earnings, gains
and losses attributable thereto) in the form of either a lump-sum payment or
Installment Payments, as described in Section 5.3, while employed by a Participating
Company. The foregoing notwithstanding, in the event a Participant s termination of
employment or Disability occurs prior to such in-service payment date or the
commencement of such in-service payments, his benefits shall be distributed as
provided in Section 5.2(a)(i) or, if applicable, Section 5.2(b). Such election
shall remain in effect unless and until a subsequent election is made in accordance
with Section 5.5.

(b) Failure to Elect Form of Distribution . If a Participant fails to make an election
as to the form of distribution of his Deferral Contributions and his vested Company Restorative
Contributions, if any, for a particular Plan Year as provided in Section 5.2(a), the benefits
attributable to such contributions (including the earnings, gains and losses attributable
thereto), shall be distributed in the form of a lump-sum payment (i) as soon as
administratively practicable, but in no event later than 90 days following, the date the
Participant s employment

13 

terminates for any reason, provided such termination is a Separation from
Service or (ii) if earlier, his Disability.

5.3 Time of Distribution Upon Distribution Events .

(a) Pursuant to Section 5.2, a Participant may elect to have his benefit attributable to his
Deferred Contributions and vested Company Restorative Contributions for each Plan Year paid as
follows:

(i) Lump-Sum Payment . The Participant may elect to receive a lump-sum
payment equal to his Account balance that is attributable to his vested
contributions for the Plan Year to which such election applies. Any such lump-sum
payment shall be paid on the earlier of:

(A) 
 
 the date of the Participant s
termination of employment for any reason if such termination is
a Separation from Service or, if earlier, Disability, pursuant
to Section 5.2(a)(i); or 

(B) 
 
 January 1 of the calendar year
elected by the Participant pursuant to Section 5.2(a)(ii). 

(ii) Installment Payments . The Participant may elect to receive annual
Installment Payments over a period of two to 10 years with respect to his Account
balance that is attributable to his vested contributions for the Plan Year to which
such election applies. Amounts remaining unpaid shall be subject to adjustment for
costs and deemed investment performance pursuant to Article III of the Plan. Annual
Installment Payments shall commence on the earlier of:

(A) 
 
 January 1 of the calendar year
immediately following the date of the Participant s termination
of employment for any reason if such termination is a Separation
from Service or if earlier, Disability, pursuant to Section
5.2(a)(i); or 

(B) 
 
 January 1 of the calendar year
elected by the Participant pursuant to Section 5.2(a)(ii) (but
not prior to the end of the Participation Year in which the
attributable Compensation was deferred). 

(b) Delay of Distribution to Specified Employees . Notwithstanding any Plan provision
to the contrary, in the case of a Participant who has been identified by the Committee, in its sole
discretion, as a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) as of the date
of his Separation from Service, a distribution paid under the Plan by reason of the Participant s
Separation from Service (other than termination by reason of death) that would be paid during the
six-month period commencing after such Participant s date of Separation from
Service shall be delayed until the date that is the earlier of (i) the date six months and one
day after the date the Participant has incurred a Separation from Service or (ii) the date of the
Participant s death. Payments delayed pursuant to this Section 5.3(b) shall be paid without
interest for such delay in payment.

14 

(c) Delay of Payments Subject to Code Section 162(m) . A payment may be delayed to the
extent that the Company reasonably anticipates that, if the payment were made as scheduled, the
Company s deduction would not be permitted under Code Section 162(m), provided that the payment is
made during the Participant s first taxable year in which the Company reasonably anticipates the
deduction will not be barred by Code Section 162(m).

(d) ESSP Prior Elections . Unless a Participant has elected otherwise in accordance
with the transition election provisions under IRS Notices 2006-79 and 2007-86, such Participant s
benefit under the Plan attributable to his ESSP benefit transferred to the Plan effective as of the
Effective Date shall be distributed in accordance with the time and form previously elected under
the ESSP by the Participant for the applicable plan years.

(e) Form of Distribution . All lump-sum payments shall be made in cash; provided,
however , that to the extent a portion of a Participant s Account is deemed invested in Company
Stock as of such distribution date, the Participant may elect, in the form and manner prescribed by
the Committee, to have that portion of his Account distributed in whole shares of Company Stock
(with any fractional shares distributed in cash). All annual installment payments shall be made in
cash.

5.4 Time and Form of Distribution of Company Discretionary Contributions . As applicable,
the provisions of this Article V shall apply with respect to a Participant s Company Discretionary
Contributions, unless the Committee provides otherwise in the agreement or other document providing
for such contribution.

5.5 Subsequent Election as to Time and Form of Distribution . A Participant may revise his
election for his benefit for any Plan Year (or make an initial election) after the December 31st of
the Plan Year immediately preceding such Plan Year (a Subsequent Election ), in the form and
manner prescribed by the Committee, as to the timing and/or form (from among the distribution
options in Section 5.3). A Subsequent Election shall not be valid or effective unless (i) it is
made no later than 12 months prior to the date upon which his benefit for such Plan Year would have
been paid had no Subsequent Election been made, (ii) other than with respect to the payment of the
benefit on account of death or Unforeseeable Emergency under Section 5.6, the distribution of the
benefit is deferred to a specific future year that is no less than five years after the date the
deferred amount would have been paid had no Subsequent Election been made, and (iii) otherwise
satisfies the requirements of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-2(b)(2) (or any successor regulations or
guidance thereto). A Subsequent Election under this Section shall take effect only after the
election has been in effect for 12 months.

5.6 Distributions on Account of Unforeseeable Emergency .
If a Participant has suffered an Unforeseeable Emergency, as determined by the Committee in its
sole discretion, the Committee shall cause the Participating Company to pay an in-service
distribution to such Participant. Such distribution shall be paid in a single-sum payment, as soon
as administratively practicable after the Participant requests the distribution and the Committee
determines that the Participant has incurred an Unforeseeable Emergency, and shall be limited to
the amount reasonably necessary to meet the Participant s needs resulting from the Unforeseeable
Emergency, plus amounts necessary to pay income taxes or penalties reasonably anticipated to result
from the distribution, after taking into account the extent to which such hardship is or may

15 

be
relieved through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise, by liquidation of the
Participant s assets (to the extent the liquidation of such assets would not itself cause severe
financial hardship) or by cessation of deferrals under the Plan. In addition, the Participant s
Deferral Contributions shall cease for the remainder of the Plan Year. The amount of such
distribution shall reduce the Participant s Account balance as provided in Section 3.7.

5.7 Beneficiary Designation and Death Benefits . In the event of the death of any
Participant, notwithstanding a Participant s election under this Article V, all amounts in his
Account shall be distributed in a cash lump-sum payment, as soon as administratively practicable,
but in no event later than 90 days after his death, as follows:

(a) General . A Participant shall designate to the Committee, in the form and manner
prescribed by the Committee, the Beneficiary or Beneficiaries to receive his Account balance
following his death, and the Participant may at any time change or cancel any such designation by
filing a request in the form and manner prescribed by the Committee.

(b) No Designation . In the event of the death of any Participant, the entire amount
in the Account of such Participant shall be distributed to the Participant s Beneficiary, or if
there is no Beneficiary, payment will be made to the executor or legal representative of the
Participant s estate. If the Beneficiary does not predecease the Participant, but dies prior to
distribution of the Participant s entire benefit, the remaining benefit will be paid to the
executor or legal representative of the Beneficiary s estate.

5.8 Taxes . If the whole or any part of any Participant s or Beneficiary s benefit
hereunder shall become subject to any estate, inheritance, income, employment or other tax which
the Participating Company shall be required to pay or withhold, the Participating Company shall
have the full power and authority to withhold and pay such tax out of any monies or other property
held for the account of the Participant or Beneficiary whose interests hereunder are so affected
(including, without limitation, by reducing and offsetting the Participant s or Beneficiary s
Account balance). Prior to making any payment, the Participating Company may require such releases
or other documents from any lawful taxing authority as it shall deem necessary.

5.9 Errors and Omissions in Accounts . If an error or omission is discovered in the Account
of a Participant or Beneficiary or in the amount of a Participant s deferrals, the Committee, in
its sole discretion, shall cause appropriate,
equitable adjustments to be made as soon as administratively practicable following the discovery of
such error or omission.

5.10 Acceleration of Benefits . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the
contrary, in no event shall the Plan permit the acceleration of the time or schedule of any payment
or distribution under the Plan, except that the Committee may accelerate a payment or distribution
under the Plan as follows:

(i) to fulfill a domestic relations order, as provided in Treasury Regulation 
1.409A-3(j)(4)(ii) (or any successor regulations or guidance thereto);

16 

(ii) to comply with a certificate of divestiture, as provided in Treasury
Regulation 1.409A-3(j)(4)(iii) (or any successor regulations or guidance thereto);
or

(iii) to pay employment taxes on such deferred compensation, as provided in
Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(j)(4)(vi) (or any successor regulations or guidance
thereto).

17 

ARTICLE VI 

CLAIMS 

6.1 Claims .

(a) Rights . If a Participant or Beneficiary has any grievance, complaint or claim
concerning any aspect of the operation or administration of the Plan, including, but not limited
to, claims for benefits, the Participant or Beneficiary shall submit the claim in accordance with
the procedures set forth in this Section.

(b) Procedure . Claims for benefits under the Plan may be filed in writing with the
Committee on a form or in such other written documents as the Committee may prescribe. The
Committee shall furnish to the claimant written notice of the disposition of a claim within 90 days
after the claim therefor is filed; provided, however , that if special circumstances require an
extension of time for processing the claim, the Committee shall furnish written notice of the
extension to the claimant prior to the end of the initial 90-day period, and such extension shall
not exceed one additional, consecutive 90-day period. In the event the claim is denied, the notice
of the disposition of the claim shall provide the specific reasons for the denial, citations of the
pertinent provisions of the Plan, an explanation as to how the claimant can perfect the claim
and/or submit the claim for review (where appropriate), and a statement of the claimant s right to
bring a civil action under ERISA pursuant to mandatory arbitration following an adverse
determination on review.

(c) Appeal . Any Participant or Beneficiary who has been denied a benefit shall be
entitled, upon request to the Committee, to appeal the denial of his claim. The claimant (or his
duly authorized representative) may review pertinent documents related to the Plan and in the
Committee s possession in order to prepare the appeal. The request for review, together with a
written statement of the claimant s position, must be filed with the Committee no later than 60
days after receipt of the written notification of denial of a claim provided for in subsection (b)
above. The Committee s decision shall be made within 60 days following the filing of the request
for review and shall be communicated in writing to the claimant; provided, if special circumstances
require an extension of time for processing the appeal, the Committee shall furnish written notice
of the extension to the claimant prior to the end of the initial 60-day period, and such extension
shall not exceed one additional 60-day period. If unfavorable, the notice of the decision shall
explain the reasons for denial, indicate the provisions of the Plan or other documents used to
arrive at the decision and state the claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA pursuant
to mandatory arbitration (as provided in Section 6.2).

(d) Satisfaction of Claims . Any payment to a Participant or Beneficiary, all in
accordance with the provisions of the Plan, shall to the extent thereof be in full satisfaction of
all claims hereunder against the Committee and all Participating Companies, any of which may
require such Participant or Beneficiary as a condition to such payment to execute a receipt and
release therefor in such form as shall be determined by the Committee or the Participating
Companies. If a receipt and release is required and the Participant or Beneficiary (as applicable)
does not provide such receipt and release in a timely enough manner to permit a timely
distribution in accordance with the general timing of distribution provisions in the Plan, the

18 

payment of any affected distribution(s) may be delayed until the Committee or the Participating
Companies receives a proper receipt and release.

(e) Limitations . Benefits under the Plan will be paid only if the Committee decides
in its discretion that a Participant or Beneficiary is entitled to benefits. Notwithstanding the
foregoing or any provision of the Plan to the contrary, a Participant must exhaust all
administrative remedies set forth in this Section 6.1 or otherwise established by the Committee
before bringing any action at law or equity under Section 6.2. Any claim based on a denial of a
claim under this Plan must be brought no later than the date which is six months after the date of
the final denial of a claim under Section 6.1(c) hereof. Any claim not brought within such time
shall be waived and forever barred.

6.2 Arbitration . Subject to first exhausting all administrative remedies under Section 6.1
of the Plan, any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with or relating to
the denial of benefits under this Plan must be timely submitted to and settled by binding
arbitration in Houston, Texas, in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American
Arbitration Association (or at any other place or under any other form of arbitration mutually
acceptable to the parties so involved). Any dispute, controversy or claim submitted for resolution
shall be submitted to one neutral arbitrator agreed to by the parties, who shall have the authority
to render a decision in terms of findings of fact and conclusions of law. No arbitration shall be
commenced after the date when institution of legal or equitable proceedings based upon such subject
matter would be barred by the applicable statute of limitations. Either party may bring an action
in any court of competent jurisdiction to compel arbitration under this Plan, to enforce an
arbitration award, and to vacate an arbitration award. However, in actions seeking to vacate an
award, the standard of review to be applied to the arbitrator s findings of fact and conclusions of
law will be the same as that applied by an appellate court reviewing a decision of a trial court
sitting without a jury. The parties agree that in any arbitration commenced pursuant to this Plan,
the parties shall be entitled to such discovery (including depositions, requests for the production
of documents, and interrogatories) as is allowed by the arbitrator after the arbitrator hears
arguments for and against limits which shall be imposed on discovery by each party in arbitration.
The arbitrator shall have full power and authority to limit discovery. In the event that either
party fails to comply with its discovery obligations hereunder, the arbitrator shall have full
power and authority to compel disclosure or impose sanctions to the full extent of Rule 37, Federal
Rules of Civil Procedure. Unless the parties agree otherwise, the parties, the arbitrator, and the
American Arbitration Association shall treat the arbitration proceedings, any related discovery,
and the decision of the arbitrator, as confidential, except in connection with judicial proceedings
ancillary to the arbitration, such as a judicial challenge to, or enforcement of, an award, and
unless otherwise required by law to protect a legal right of a party. To the extent possible, any
specific issues of confidentiality should be raised with and resolved by the neutral arbitrator.
The arbitrator shall, in his award, allocate between the parties the costs of arbitration, which
shall include reasonable attorneys fees of the parties, as well as the arbitrator s fees and
expenses, in such proportions as the arbitrator deems just.

19 

ARTICLE VII 

SOURCE OF FUNDS; TRUST 

7.1 Source of Funds . Except as provided in Section 7.2 (relating to the Trust if so
established), each Participating Company shall provide the benefits described in the Plan from its
general assets. However, to the extent that funds in such Trust allocable to the benefits payable
under the Plan are sufficient, the Trust assets may be used to pay benefits under the Plan. If
such Trust assets are not sufficient to pay all benefits due under the Plan, then the appropriate
Participating Company shall have the obligation, and the Participant or Beneficiary who is due such
benefits shall look to such Participating Company to provide such benefits. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Company in its sole discretion shall have the authority to allocate the total
liability to pay benefits under the Plan among the Participating Companies in such manner and
amounts as it deems appropriate.

7.2 Trust . In accordance with the Trust Agreement entered into between the Company and the
Trustee, if so entered into, the following provisions shall apply:

(a) Establishment . To the extent determined by the Company, the Participating
Companies shall transfer the funds necessary to fund benefits accrued hereunder to the Trustee to
be held and administered by the Trustee pursuant to the terms of the Trust Agreement. Except as
otherwise provided in the Trust Agreement, each transfer into the Trust Fund shall be irrevocable
as long as a Participating Company has any liability or obligations under the Plan to pay benefits,
such that the Trust property is in no way otherwise subject to use by the Participating Company;
provided, it is the intent of the Company that the assets held by the Trust are and shall remain at
all times subject to the claims of the general creditors of the Participating Companies.

(b) Distributions . Pursuant to the Trust Agreement, the Trustee shall make payments
to Participants and Beneficiaries in accordance with a payment schedule provided by the
Participating Company. The Participating Company shall make provisions for the reporting and
withholding of any federal, state or local taxes that may be required to be withheld with respect
to the payment of benefits pursuant to the terms of the Plan and shall pay amounts withheld to the
appropriate taxing authorities.

(c) Status of the Trust . No Participant or Beneficiary shall have any interest in the
assets held by the Trust or in the general assets of the Participating Companies other than as a
general, unsecured creditor. Accordingly, a Participating Company shall not grant a security
interest in the assets held by the Trust in favor of the Participants, Beneficiaries or any
creditor.

20 

ARTICLE VIII 

ADMINISTRATIVE COMMITTEE 

8.1 Action . The Committee shall be organized and shall take action in a manner provided
under the Committee s By-Laws or such other rules as may from time to time be adopted by or for the
Committee.

8.2 Rights and Duties . The Committee shall administer the Plan and shall have all the
powers necessary to accomplish that purpose, including (but not limited to) the following:

(a) To construe, interpret and administer the Plan;

(b) To make determinations required by the Plan, and to maintain records regarding
Participants and Beneficiaries benefits hereunder;

(c) To compute and certify to each Participating Company the amount and kinds of benefits
payable to Participants and Beneficiaries, and to determine the time and manner in which such
benefits are to be paid;

(d) To authorize all disbursements by each Participating Company pursuant to the Plan;

(e) To maintain all the necessary records of the administration of the Plan;

(f) To make and publish such rules for the regulation of the Plan as are not inconsistent with
the terms hereof;

(g) To have all powers elsewhere conferred upon it;

(h) To appoint a Trustee hereunder;

(i) To delegate to the Company s Benefit Committee or other committee, individuals, or
entities from time to time the performance of any of its duties or responsibilities hereunder; and

(j) To hire agents, accountants, actuaries, consultants and legal counsel to assist in
operating and administering the Plan.

The Committee shall have the exclusive right to construe and interpret the Plan, to decide all
questions of eligibility for benefits and to determine the amount of such benefits, and its
decisions on such matters shall be final and conclusive on all Participants, Beneficiaries and
other parties.

8.3 Compensation, Indemnity and Liability . The Committee and its members shall serve as such without bond and without compensation for
services hereunder. All expenses of the Committee

21 

shall be paid by the Participating Companies.
No member of the Committee shall be liable for any act or omission of any other member of the
Committee, or for any act or omission on his own part, excepting his own willful misconduct.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any such decision or action taken by the
Committee in reliance upon any information supplied to it by an officer of the Company, the
Company s legal counsel, or the Company s independent accountants in connection with the
administration of this Plan shall be deemed to have been taken in good faith. The Participating
Companies shall indemnify and hold harmless the Committee and each member thereof against any and
all expenses and liabilities, including reasonable legal fees and expenses, arising out of his
membership on the Committee, excepting only expenses and liabilities arising out of his own willful
misconduct.

8.4 Designation of Participating Companies . The Committee may designate any Affiliate as a
Participating Company by written instrument delivered to the Company, the Trustee (if any), and the
designated Affiliate, with such Participating Companies set forth on Appendix A of the Plan. Such
written instrument shall specify the effective date of such designated participation and shall
become, as to such designated Affiliate and its employees, a part of the Plan. Each designated
Affiliate shall be conclusively presumed to have consented to its designation and to have agreed to
be bound by the terms of the Plan and any and all amendments thereto with respect to its Eligible
Employees and Participants upon its submission of information to the Committee required by the
terms of or with respect to the Plan or upon making a contribution pursuant to the terms of the
Plan. Each designated Affiliate shall authorize and designate the Company as its agent to act for
it in all transactions affecting the administration of the Plan and shall authorize and designate
the Committee to act for such Affiliate and its Eligible Employees and Participants in the same
manner in which the Committee may act for the Company and its Eligible Employees and Participants
hereunder. The Committee may revoke the designation of any Affiliate as a Participating Company by
written instrument delivered to the Company, the Trustee (if any), and the designated Affiliate
(and Appendix A shall be amended to reflect the same), with such revocation effective as provided
in such written instrument (and consistent with Section 409A). On and after the effective date of
such revocation, the Affiliate s employees shall no longer be Eligible Employees and thus not be
permitted to be active Participants under the Plan. Unless the Committee expressly provides
otherwise, if a Participant Company ceases to be an Affiliate, such Affiliate shall automatically
cease to be a Participating Company without any action required by the Committee.

22 

ARTICLE IX 

AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 

9.1 Amendments . The Board shall have the right to amend the Plan in whole or in part at
any time. Any amendment shall be in writing and executed by a duly authorized officer of the
Company. An amendment to the Plan may modify its terms in any respect whatsoever, and may include,
without limitation, a permanent or temporary freezing of the Plan such that the Plan shall remain
in effect with respect to existing Account balances without permitting any new contributions;
 provided, however , that no such action may reduce the amount already credited to a Participant s or
Beneficiary s Account without the affected Participant s or Beneficiary s written consent.

9.2 Termination of the Plan . The Company reserves the right to discontinue and terminate
the Plan at any time and for any reason. Any action to terminate the Plan shall be taken by the
Board in the form of a written Plan amendment executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company.
In the event of a termination of the Plan, unpaid benefits shall continue to be an obligation of
the Company and, unless otherwise expressly provided by resolution of the Board, shall be paid as
scheduled and in all events in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 409A. If the
Plan is terminated and the Board expressly provides for each Participant s Account to be
distributed, such amounts shall be paid in a single sum as soon as practicable after the date the
Plan is terminated. The amount of any such distribution shall be determined as of the Valuation
Date immediately preceding the date any such termination distribution is to be processed.
Termination of the Plan shall be binding on all Participants and Beneficiaries.

23 

ARTICLE X 

MISCELLANEOUS 

10.1 Taxation . It is the intention of the Company that the benefits payable hereunder
shall not be deductible by the Participating Companies or taxable for federal income tax purposes
to Participants or Beneficiaries until such benefits are paid by the Participating Companies, or
the Trust, as the case may be, to such Participants or Beneficiaries. When benefits are paid
hereunder, it is the intention of the Company that they shall be deductible by the Participating
Companies under Code Section 162. The provisions of the Plan shall be construed and the Plan shall
be operated in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 409A. Specifically, no
provision of the Plan that would provide for a distribution that is subject to the additional tax
under Section 409A shall be permitted and any provision of the Plan which would result in a failure
to meet the requirements of Section 409A shall be deemed null and void.

10.2 No Employment Contract . Nothing herein contained is intended to be, nor shall be
construed as constituting, a contract or other arrangement between the Company or any Participating
Company and any Participant to the effect that the Participant will be employed by a Participating
Company for any specific period of time.

10.3 Headings . The headings of the various Articles and Sections in the Plan are solely
for convenience and shall not be relied upon in construing any provisions hereof. Any reference to
a Section shall refer to a Section of the Plan unless specified otherwise.

10.4 Gender and Number . Use of any gender in the Plan will be deemed to include both
genders when appropriate, and use of the singular number will be deemed to include the plural when
appropriate, and vice versa in each instance.

10.5 Successors . The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or
assets of the Company and/or the Participating Companies to expressly assume the obligations
hereunder in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company and the Participating
Companies would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

10.6 Assignment of Benefits . The right of a Participant or Beneficiary to receive payments
under the Plan shall not be anticipated, alienated, sold, assigned, transferred, pledged,
encumbered, attached or garnished by
creditors of such Participant or Beneficiary, except by will or by the laws of descent and
distribution and then only to the extent permitted under the terms of the Plan.

10.7 Entire Plan . This Plan supersedes all prior agreements, if any, understandings and
arrangements, oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

24 

10.8 Legally Incompetent . The Committee, in its sole discretion, may direct that a payment
to be made to an incompetent or disabled person, whether because of minority or mental or physical
disability, instead be made to the guardian of such person or to the person having custody of such
person, without further liability either on the part of the Company or the Participating Companies
for the amount of such payment to the person on whose account such payment is made.

10.9 Notice . Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the Committee or
the Company under this Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered, or sent by
registered or certified mail, to the principal office of the Company. Such notice shall be deemed
given as of the date of delivery or, if delivery is made by registered or certified mail, as of the
date shown on the postmark on the receipt for registration or certification.

10.10 Governing Law . The Plan shall be construed, administered and governed in all
respects in accordance with ERISA and other applicable federal law and, to the extent not preempted
by federal law, in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas. If any provisions of the Plan
shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining
provisions hereof shall continue to be fully effective.

Execution Page Follows 

25 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed these presents to be executed by its duly
authorized officer in a number of copies, all of which shall constitute but one and the same
instrument which may be sufficiently evidenced by any executed copy hereof, this day of
January, 2008, but effective as of January 1, 2008.

EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

26 

EXTERRAN DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 

APPENDIX A 

The Plan s Participating Companies as of January 1, 2008 are as follows:

(1) 
 
 Exterran Energy Solutions, L.P.; and 

(2) 
 
 Exterran Holdings Co. NL B.V. 

A-1 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.30>
 3
 h54306exv10w30.htm
 SUPPLEMENTAL SAVINGS PLAN

exv10w30 

EXHIBIT 10.30 

EXTERRAN EMPLOYEES SUPPLEMENTAL SAVINGS PLAN 
(Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2008)

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE I: PURPOSE

2 

ARTICLE II: DEFINITIONS

2 

ARTICLE III: ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION

4 

ARTICLE IV: PARTICIPANT ACCOUNTS

6 

ARTICLE V: DEFERRED COMPENSATION AMOUNTS

7 

ARTICLE VI: DEEMED INVESTMENT OF ACCOUNTS

8 

ARTICLE VII: VESTING

9 

ARTICLE VIII: DISTRIBUTIONS

9 

ARTICLE IX: PLAN ADMINISTRATION

11 

ARTICLE X: CLAIMS PROCEDURES

12 

ARTICLE XI: AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION

13 

ARTICLE XII: NATURE OF AGREEMENT

13 

ARTICLE XIII: RESTRICTIONS ON ASSIGNMENT

13 

ARTICLE XIV: MISCELLANEOUS

13 

i 

EXTERRAN EMPLOYEES SUPPLEMENTAL SAVINGS PLAN 
(Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2008) 
 
 RECITALS: 

WHEREAS , Exterran, Inc. (the Company maintains the Exterran, Inc. Exterran Employees 
Supplemental Savings Plan (the Plan for the benefit of its eligible employees; and

WHEREAS , in response to the enactment of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the Code ), effective as of January 1, 2005, the Company separated in operation all
benefits earned and vested as of December 31, 2004 Grandfathered Benefits under the Plan from
all Plan benefits earned or vested after December 31, 2004 409A Benefits ). At all times on and
after January 1, 2005, the Grandfathered Benefits, along with the earnings thereto, have been (and
continue to be) subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan as in effect on October 3, 2004,
and no material modifications, within the meaning of Code Section 409A and the Treasury regulations
and guidance thereunder, have been made (in form or operation) to the Plan with respect to such
benefits; and

WHEREAS , the Company desires to bifurcate the Plan such that (1) the Grandfathered Benefits,
along with the earnings thereto, shall be maintained under and paid from a separate, frozen plan
that is intended to be a grandfathered plan exempt from Code Section 409A (in the form of the
Plan), and (2) the 409A Benefits, along with the earnings thereon, shall be transferred from the
Plan into, and maintained under and paid from, a newly established and separate plan that is
intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A, which is the Exterran Deferred
Compensation Plan, effective as of January 1, 2008; and

WHEREAS , the Company desires for Exterran Holdings, Inc. Holdings ), the parent of the
Company, to replace the Company as the sponsor of the Plan;

NOW, THEREFORE , the Company hereby amends, restates, renames and continues the Plan with
respect to the Grandfathered Benefits in the form of the Exterran Employees Supplemental Savings
Plan, as set forth herein, effective as of January 1, 2008:

1 

ARTICLE I: PURPOSE 

1.1 The purpose of the Plan is:

(a) to provide a mechanism for certain employees of the Company to defer the portion of their
Compensation that could not be deferred under the Savings Plan due to limitations imposed by the
Code, including Code Sections 401(a)(17), 401(k)(8), 401(m) and 402(g) thereof, during the pre-2005
Plan Years; and

(b) to provide a mechanism for the Company to make matching contributions for the benefit of
such employees based upon the amount of their deferrals under this Plan for the pre-2005 Plan
Years; and

(c) to provide a mechanism for such employees to defer all or a portion of any incentive bonus
to which they become entitled under the Universal Compression, Inc. Officers Bonus Plan (the Bonus
Plan during the pre-2005 Plan Years.

1.2 This Plan is a frozen plan as of January 1, 2008, and is intended to be a grandfathered 
plan for purposes of Code Section 409A and the Treasury regulations and guidance issued thereunder.
All benefits under this Plan were fully vested as of December 31, 2004, and thus all such
benefits, along with all earnings, gains and losses attributable thereto, are exempt from Code
Section 409A. No new Participants shall be eligible to participate in the Plan after December 31,
2007; no further benefits shall be earned or vested under this Plan (other than earnings, gains and
losses on benefits earned and vested prior to January 1, 2005). Only benefits that are earned and
vested as of December 31, 2004, along with all earnings thereon, shall be maintained and paid under
this Plan. Effective as of January 1, 2008, all benefits under the Plan that were earned or vested
after December 31, 2004, along with all earnings thereon, are separated and spun-off from the Plan
into the Exterrran Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of January 1, 2008 (the Exterran
Plan ), with such benefits to be maintained and distributed from, and in accordance with the terms
of, the Exterran Plan.

ARTICLE II: DEFINITIONS 

The following capitalized terms shall have the following meanings. Except when otherwise
indicated by the context, any masculine terminology used in the Plan shall also include the
feminine; and the definition of any term herein in the singular shall also include the plural. All
other capitalized terms shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Savings Plan.

2.1 The term Account shall mean a Participant s Supplemental Salary Deferral Account and
Matching Contribution Account.

2.2 The term Annual Bonus means the bonus payable to the Participant pursuant to the
Company s annual bonus plan.

2.3 The term Bonus Deferral shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 5.3 hereof.

2 

2.4 The term Bonus Deferral Percentage shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section
3.3(e) hereof.

2.5 The term Business Day shall mean any day during which the New York Stock Exchange is
open to engage in stock transactions.

2.6 The term Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

2.7 The term Company shall mean Exterran, Inc., or any successor thereto.

2.8 The term Compensation shall have the same meaning as it has in the Savings Plan except
that the limitations imposed by Section 401(a)(17) of the Code shall not apply.

2.9 The term Compensation Committee shall mean the committee duly constituted by the Board
of Directors of Holdings having the powers described in Article IX hereof.

2.10 The term Death Beneficiary shall mean the recipient of any proceeds under the Plan in
conjunction with the death of a Participant and shall be (i) the person or persons designated by
the Participant on a form provided by the Compensation Committee, or (ii) in the absence of a
beneficiary designation, the Participant s estate.

2.11 The term Delegate shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 9.1 hereof.

2.12 The term Distribution Date shall mean the date referred to in Section 8.1 hereof.

2.13 The term Eligible Employee shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.1 hereof.

2.14 The term Entry Date shall mean the date referred to in Section 3.2 hereof.

2.15 The term Holdings shall mean Exterran Holdings, Inc. or any successor thereto.

2.16 The term Matching Contribution shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 5.2
hereof.

2.17 The term Matching Contribution Account shall mean the unfunded bookkeeping entry
established for each Participant in accordance with Section 4.1 hereof.

2.18 The term Matching 401(k) Contribution refers to Matching 401(k) Contributions under the
Savings Plan.

2.19 The term Matching Contribution Account shall mean the unfunded bookkeeping entry
established for each Participant in accordance with Section 4.1 hereof.

2.20 The term Participant shall mean an Eligible Employee who satisfies the criteria set
forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

2.21 The term Plan shall mean the Exterran Employees Savings Supplemental Plan.

3 

2.22 The term Plan Year shall mean the calendar year.

2.23 The term Savings Plan refers to the Universal Compression Holdings, Inc. 401(k)
Retirement and Savings Plan, which was merged with and into the Exterran 401(k) Retirement Plan,
effective January 1, 2008.

2.24 The term Selected Date shall mean the date selected in a Supplemental Salary Deferral
Agreement in accordance with Section 3.3(f) hereof.

2.25 The term Supplemental Salary Deferral shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section
5.1 hereof.

2.26 The term Supplemental Salary Deferral Account shall mean the unfunded bookkeeping entry
established for each Participant in accordance with Section 4.1 hereof.

2.27 The term Supplemental Salary Deferral Agreement shall mean the agreement referred to in
Section 3.3 hereof.

2.28 The term Supplemental Salary Deferral Percentage shall have the meaning ascribed to it
in Section 3.3(b) hereof.

2.29 The term Termination Date shall mean the date the Participant terminates employment.

2.30 The term Valuation Date shall mean the close of each Business Day of each month of each
Plan Year.

ARTICLE III: ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 

3.1 Eligibility. The Plan was frozen effective December 31, 2007; no additional individuals
shall be first eligible to commence participation in the Plan after such date. Prior thereto,
every participant (as defined in the Savings Plan) in the Savings Plan who was an officer of the
Company or who was designated by the Compensation Committee as eligible to participate in the Plan
was eligible to participate in the Plan (an Eligible Employee ).

3.2 Participation. Each Eligible Employee became a Participant in the Plan as of his Entry
Date. A Participant s Entry Date was the first day of the Plan Year following the Participant s
execution and delivery to the Compensation Committee of a Supplemental Salary Deferral Agreement.

3.3 Execution of Supplemental Salary Deferral Agreement. 

(a) Each Eligible Employee participating in the Plan executed a Supplemental Salary Deferral
Agreement prior to the beginning of the Plan Year to which the agreement related (except that, with
respect to the first year an employee of the Company became an Eligible Employee, he may have
executed a Supplemental Salary Deferral Agreement not later than 30 days after becoming an Eligible
Employee; in such case, the Supplemental Salary Deferral Agreement only applied to Compensation for
services performed subsequent to

4 

execution of such agreement). Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section
3.3(a), a separate Supplemental Salary Deferral Agreement may have been executed not later than the
date specified by the Committee, which shall not be later than 6 months before the end of the
performance period with respect to performance-based compensation which is based on a performance
period of at least 12 months.

(b) Each Eligible Employee executing a Supplemental Salary Deferral Agreement elected in such
agreement to defer a percentage of his Compensation (the Supplemental Salary Deferral Percentage in a whole percentage amount of not less than two percent (2 and not more than twenty-five
percent (25 of such Compensation.

(c) Each Eligible Employee executing a Supplemental Salary Deferral Agreement may have
elected, but was not required to elect, to defer an additional amount of his Compensation equal to
the portion of such Participant s deferral under the Savings Plan, plus any earnings on such
deferral, that was returned to the Participant pursuant to Section 401(k)(8) of the Code.

(d) Each Eligible Employee executing a Supplemental Salary Deferral Agreement may have
elected, but was not required to elect, to defer an additional amount of his Compensation equal to
the portion of such Participant s Matching 401(k) Contribution, plus any earnings thereon, that was
distributed to such Participant as a result of Sections 401(k)(8) or 401(m) of the Code.

(e) Each Eligible Employee executing a Supplemental Salary Deferral Agreement may have
elected, but was not required to elect, to defer a percentage of his Annual Bonus (the Bonus
Deferral Percentage in a percentage amount of twenty five percent (25 ), fifty percent (50 ),
seventy five percent (75 or one hundred percent (100 of such Annual Bonus.

(f) Each Eligible Employee executing a Supplemental Salary Deferral Agreement may also have
elected, but was not required to elect, to specify a date (the Selected Date on or beginning as
of which the Participant shall be entitled to receive or to begin receiving distributions from the
Plan of amounts credited to the Participant s Account attributable to the amounts deferred pursuant
to such Supplemental Salary Deferral Agreement. The Selected Date shall be a Valuation Date that
is no sooner than three years from the beginning of the Plan Year to which such Supplemental Salary
Deferral Agreement relates. If a Participant did not elect to specify a Selected Date in his
Supplemental Salary Deferral Agreement, distributions from the Plan with respect to such
Participant shall be on or shall begin as of the Participant s Termination Date, in accordance with
Article VIII hereof.

(g) Each Eligible Employee executing a Supplemental Salary Deferral Agreement may also have
elected, but was not required to elect, to specify the manner in which such Participant shall
receive distributions of amounts credited to the Participant s Account attributable to the amounts
deferred pursuant to such Supplemental Salary Deferral Agreement, which election was either as a
single lump-sum cash distribution or in installments; provided, however, that such Participant
shall receive a distribution in the form of Exterran Holdings, Inc.

5 

common stock Company Stock ), with respect to post-August 31, 2002 Matching Contributions
that are deemed invested in such stock as of the Distribution Date.

(h) Once executed and delivered to the Compensation Committee, the deferrals and elections set
forth in the Supplemental Salary Deferral Agreement are irrevocable for the Plan Year to which they
relate and cannot be changed or modified.

(i) No Supplemental Salary Deferrals shall occur after a Participant is no longer an Eligible
Employee.

3.4 Frozen Plan/Spin-Off . This Article III is applicable only for pre-2008 Plan Years.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, only the deferrals, contributions and
benefits of Eligible Employees that are earned and vested as of December 31, 2004, shall be
maintained and provided under the Plan. Any and all Plan deferrals, contributions and benefits
(and the earnings thereon) that were not earned and vested as of December 31, 2004, are maintained
under, and shall be paid from, the Exterran Plan.

ARTICLE IV: PARTICIPANT ACCOUNTS 

4.1 Participant Accounts. For each Participant who has executed a Supplemental Salary
Deferral Agreement, the Compensation Committee shall establish and maintain a separate Supplemental
Salary Deferral Account and Matching Contribution Account. A Participant s Supplemental Salary
Deferral Account shall be credited with such amounts as may be deferred pursuant to Sections 5.1
and/or 5.3 hereof, and earnings thereon. A Participant s Matching Contribution Account shall be
credited with such amounts as may be deferred pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof and earnings thereon.

4.2 No Interest in Specific Assets. The Accounts shall be bookkeeping entries only, and a
Participant shall have no secured or vested interest in any specified assets; provided, however,
that Holdings may establish a non-qualified trust (the Trust to provide a means of funding
benefits due under this Plan. Any such Trust and any assets in such Trust shall conform to such
requirements of the Internal Revenue Service that will (i) cause amounts contributed to the Trust
not to constitute a taxable event for Participants, (ii) not cause Participants to be in
constructive receipt of income or incur an economic benefit on account of the adoption or
maintenance of such Trust, and (iii) cause amounts paid from the Trust to be deductible by Holdings
in the year in which such amounts are paid to Participants, with Holdings being regarded as the
owner of the funds held in the Trust under Section 671 of the Code.

ARTICLE V: DEFERRED COMPENSATION AMOUNTS 

5.1 Supplemental Deferrals. 

(a) For each Plan Year prior to the 2008 Plan Year with respect to which a Supplemental Salary
Deferral Agreement was in effect, the Participant s Compensation was reduced by the amount (the
 Supplemental Salary Deferral by which such Participant s

6 

projected Compensation for the Plan Year, when multiplied by the Supplemental Salary Deferral
Percentage, exceeded the limitation under Section 402(g) of the Code for such year.

(b) For each Plan Year prior to the 2008 Plan Year with respect to which a Supplemental Salary
Deferral Agreement in which an election to defer additional amounts pursuant to Section 3.3(c)
hereof was in effect, the Participant s Compensation was also reduced by the amount specified in
Section 3.3(c) hereof.

(c) The amounts deferred in accordance with Section 5.1(a) and (b) hereof were credited to the
Participant s Supplemental Salary Deferral Account.

5.2 Matching Contributions. 

(a) For each dollar of Supplemental Salary Deferral contributed under the Plan pursuant to
Section 5.1(a) hereof, the Company credited to the Participant s Matching Contribution Account a
Matching Contribution determined as follows: First, the Company calculated the amount of Matching
401(k) Contribution that would have been made under the Savings Plan if both the Salary Deferral
made under the Savings Plan and the Supplemental Salary Deferral made to this Plan had been made to
the Savings Plan (disregarding the limitations that may have prevented such amount from having been
contributed to the Savings Plan). In making that calculation, the Company disregarded the
limitation on the amount of compensation that could be taken into account under a qualified plan,
and applied the matching formula in the Savings Plan to the entire amount of deferrals under the
combined plans. Next, the Company reduced the amount calculated as provided in the foregoing
sentences by the Matching 401(k) Contribution actually made to the Savings Plan for the Plan Year,
and the remainder was the Matching Contribution made to this Plan.

(b) If a Matching 401(k) Contribution to the Savings Plan on behalf of a Participant, and any
earnings thereon, was forfeited pursuant to Sections 401(k)(8) or 401(m) of the Code and the
Participant was otherwise participating in this Plan for the Plan Year in which the forfeiture
occurs, an amount equal to such forfeiture was credited to the Participant s Matching Contribution
Account. To the extent necessary to prevent duplication of Matching Contributions, the Matching
Contribution otherwise to be credited pursuant to Section 5.2(a) of the Plan was reduced by the
amount credited to the Participant s Matching Contribution Account pursuant to this Section 5.2(b).

5.3 Bonus Deferrals. 

(a) For each Plan Year with respect to which a Supplemental Salary Deferral Agreement in which
the Participant elected to defer amounts pursuant to Section 3.3(e) hereof was in effect, the
Participant s Annual Bonus was reduced by the amount (the Bonus Deferral equal to such
Participant s Annual Bonus multiplied by the Bonus Deferral Percentage in effect for such Plan
Year.

(b) The amounts deferred in accordance with Section 5.3(a) hereof were credited to the
Participant s Supplemental Salary Deferral Account.

7 

ARTICLE VI: DEEMED INVESTMENT OF ACCOUNTS 

6.1 Deemed Investment of Accounts. 

(a) The Compensation Committee shall provide to each Participant a list of investments from
which a Participant can choose an investment as a deemed investment for such Participant s
Supplemental Salary Deferral Account. A Participant s Supplemental Salary Deferral Account shall
be deemed invested in the investments selected by such Participant (provided that if no investment
is selected, the Supplemental Salary Deferral Account shall be deemed invested in the money market
option). A Participant shall have no right to compel investment of any amounts credited to a
Participant s Supplemental Salary Deferral Account.

(b) Amounts credited to a Participant s Matching Contribution Account prior to September 1,
2002, were deemed invested in the same investments, and in the same proportions, as the investments
selected by the Participant under Section 6.1(a) hereof. Notwithstanding any other provisions
herein to the contrary, amounts credited to a Participant s Matching Contribution Account, which
were based on such Participant s Supplemental Salary Deferral amounts, (i) on or after September 1,
2002, but prior to the matching contribution on September 21, 2007, were deemed invested in Company
Stock until such time as the Participant elects to change such deemed investment as provided in
Section 6.2; and (ii) on September 21, 2007 (for the calendar quarter ended September 30, 2007) and
thereafter, shall be deemed invested in the same investments, and in the same proportions, as the
investments selected by the Participant under Section 6.1(a) hereof.

(c) Effective as of December 31, 2010, any amounts credited to a Participant s Matching
Contribution Account that are deemed invested in Company Stock shall be deemed invested in the
money market fund investment option effective as of such date. From and after January 1, 2011, no
amounts shall be deemed invested in Company Stock under the Plan.

6.2 Changing Deemed Investments. A Participant shall have the right to change the deemed
investment of his entire Account (including his Matching Contribution Account) among investments by
notice to the Compensation Committee in such form as required by the Compensation Committee. Such
changes in deemed investments and allocation shall be made as of the Valuation Date next following
the date upon which said change is made, or as soon thereafter as may be administratively
practicable. If a Participant elects to change the deemed investment on all or a portion of the
balance of his Matching Contribution Account from Company Stock to some other deemed investment,
the Participant may not subsequently elect to have such amount deemed invested in Company Stock,
but he can change the deemed investment direction to any other deemed investment option available
under the Plan as he deems appropriate from time to time.

6.3 Adjustment of Account Balances. The amounts credited to a Participant s Supplemental
Salary Deferral Account and Matching Contribution Account shall be adjusted as of each Valuation
Date to reflect increases or decreases in the value of the deemed investments corresponding to such
Accounts. To the greatest extent practicable, the same valuation and

8 

accounting methods shall be used as are used to recalculate the Participant s account balances
under the Savings Plan.

ARTICLE VII: VESTING 

7.1 Vesting of Amounts Held in Supplemental Salary Deferral Account. A Participant s interest
in his Supplemental Salary Deferral Account is one hundred percent (100 vested at all times.

7.2 Vesting of Amounts Held in Matching Contribution Account. A Participant s interest in his
Matching Contribution Account is one hundred percent (100 vested at all times.

ARTICLE VIII: DISTRIBUTIONS 

8.1 Distributions to Participants. 

(a) A Participant shall be entitled to a distribution from his Supplemental Salary Deferral
Account and Matching Contribution Account on a Distribution Date. The term Distribution Date 
shall mean the earlier of: (i) the Termination Date or as soon thereafter as administratively
possible (but in no case more than 60 days following the Termination Date), or (ii) the Selected
Date or as soon thereafter as administratively possible (but in no case more than 60 days following
the Selected Date).

(b) On a Distribution Date that is determined with respect to the Participant s Termination
Date, the Participant shall be entitled to payment of an amount equal to his entire vested interest
in his Accounts. On a Distribution Date that is the Participant s Selected Date, the Participant
shall be entitled to payment of an amount equal to the portion of his vested interest in his
Account that relates to Supplemental Salary Deferrals made with respect to the Supplemental Salary
Deferral Agreement in which the Selected Date was selected, and earnings thereon.

(c) For the purpose of determining the amount to be distributed to a Participant under this
Section 8.1, a Participant s Account balance shall be that as determined on the Distribution Date.

(d) Distributions made under this Section 8.1 shall be in cash and in a single lump sum,
except that a Participant may have elected (i) pursuant to Section 3.3(g) hereof in his
Supplemental Salary Deferral Agreement to receive installment payments in the case of distributions
on a Termination Date resulting from retirement from the Company and (ii) to receive a distribution
in the form of Company Stock of Matching Contributions deemed invested in such stock as of the
Distribution Date. From and after January 1, 2011, no distributions shall be available in the form
of Company Stock under the Plan.

8.2 Distributions to Death Beneficiaries. 

(a) If the Participant s employment terminates by reason of death, or if the Participant dies
prior to receipt of all the benefits provided under Section 8.1 hereof, a

9 

Participant s Death Beneficiary shall be entitled to a distribution of an amount equal to the
remaining vested interest of the Participant in such Participant s Accounts as of the date of
death.

(b) For the purpose of determining the amount to be distributed to a Death Beneficiary under
this Section 8.2, a Participant s Account balance shall be that as determined on the Distribution
Date.

(c) Distributions made under this Section 8.2 shall be in cash and in a single lump sum paid
within 60 days after the Participant s death; provided, however, that such Participant s Death
Beneficiary shall receive a distribution in the form of Company Stock with respect to post-August
31, 2002 Matching Contributions that are deemed invested in such stock as of the Distribution Date.
From and after January 1, 2011, no distributions shall be available in the form of Company Stock
under the Plan.

8.3 Hardship Distributions. A benefit is payable under this Plan to a Participant prior to a
Distribution Date only if the Participant establishes to the satisfaction of the Compensation
Committee that the Participant has an unforeseeable emergency. An unforeseeable emergency is a
severe financial hardship of the Participant resulting from a sudden and unexpected illness or
accident of the Participant or a dependent of the Participant, loss of the Participant s property
due to uninsured casualty, or other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising
as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant and which will constitute an
unforeseeable emergency under Code Section 409A and the Treasury regulations issued thereunder.
The amount distributed in the case of an unforeseeable emergency shall be limited to what is needed
reasonably to satisfy the emergency and is not available from other sources. The amount of the
hardship distribution cannot exceed the balance credited to the Participant s Supplemental Salary
Deferral Account and is charged against such Account.

8.4 Involuntary Distributions. 

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, the Compensation Committee may
direct the trustee of any trust established with respect to this Plan to distribute to any
Participant (or Death Beneficiary), in the form of an immediate single-sum payment, all or any
portion of the amount then credited to a Participant s Accounts to the extent that an adverse
determination is made with respect to such Participant. For purposes of this Section 8.4, the term
 adverse determination shall mean a determination based upon federal tax or revenue law, a
published or private ruling or similar announcement issued by the Internal Revenue Service, a
regulation issued by the Secretary of the Treasury, a decision by a court of competent
jurisdiction, a closing agreement made under Section 7121 of the Code that is approved by the
Internal Revenue Service and that involves the Participant, or by counsel, that such Participant
(or Death Beneficiary) has or will recognize income for federal income tax purposes with respect to
any amount that is or will be payable under this Plan before it is otherwise to be paid hereunder.

(b) Further, notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, the Compensation
Committee may direct the trustee of any trust established with respect to this Plan to distribute
to any Participant (or Death Beneficiary), in the form of an immediate single-sum payment, all or
any portion of the amount then credited to a Participant s Account to the extent

10 

necessary based upon a change in ERISA, a published advisory opinion or similar announcement
issued by the Department of Labor, a regulation issued by the Secretary of Labor, a decision by a
court of competent jurisdiction, an agreement between such Participant and the Department of Labor
or similar agency or an opinion of counsel, that such Participant is not a management or a
 highly compensated employee or that the Plan is not an unfunded plan within the meaning of
ERISA.

8.5 Withholding. All distributions shall be subject to applicable state and federal
withholding of taxes.

ARTICLE IX: PLAN ADMINISTRATION 

9.1 Administration by Committee. The Plan shall be administered by the Compensation
Committee. The Compensation Committee s powers and obligations shall be the same as those set
forth in the plan document for the Savings Plan, but modified to take into account that this Plan
is an unfunded plan for highly compensated employees. The Compensation Committee shall have full
power and authority to interpret, construe and administer this Plan, and its interpretations and
constructions hereof and actions hereunder, including the timing, form, amount or recipient of any
payment to be made hereunder, within the scope of its authority, shall be binding and conclusive on
all persons for all purposes. The Compensation Committee shall also have the power to delegate to
a person or persons (the Delegate the power to review and rule upon initial claims for benefits,
as described in Section 10.2 hereof.

9.2 Limitation on Liability. No member of the Compensation Committee nor any Delegate shall
be liable to any person for any action taken or omitted to be taken in connection with the
interpretation and administration of this Plan, unless attributable to his own willful misconduct
or lack of good faith.

9.3 Indemnification. Holdings shall indemnify and hold harmless each member of the
Compensation Committee and any Delegate as provided in the Savings Plan.

9.4 Limitation on Action. No member of the Compensation Committee nor any Delegate shall
participate in any action or determination regarding his own benefits hereunder.

9.5 Interpretation. Since the Plan (other than the Bonus Deferral) is intended to supplement
the Savings Plan, any ambiguities or gaps in this Plan shall be resolved by reference to the
Savings Plan document, as amended, but only if consistent with the purposes set forth in Article I
hereof.

ARTICLE X: CLAIMS PROCEDURES 

10.1 Payment Without the Need for Demand. Benefits upon termination of employment shall
ordinarily be paid to a Participant without the need for demand, and to a Death Beneficiary upon
receipt of the Death Beneficiary s address and Social Security number, along with evidence of death
acceptable to the Compensation Committee.

11 

10.2 Filing a Claim for Benefits. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 10.1 hereof, a
Participant, or any person claiming to be a Death Beneficiary, who claims entitlement to a benefit
under the terms of this Plan may file a claim for benefits with the Compensation Committee or its
Delegate. If the claim is for a benefit resulting from a termination, of employment or death, the
Compensation Committee or its Delegate shall accept or reject the claim within 30 days of its
receipt.

10.3 Form of Denial of a Claim for Benefits. If a claim is denied, the Compensation Committee
or its Delegate shall give the reason for denial in a written notice calculated to be understood by
the claimant, referring to the Plan provisions that form the basis of the denial. If any
additional information or material is necessary to perfect the claim, the Compensation Committee or
its Delegate will identify these items and explain why such additional material is necessary. If a
claim is denied, all subsequent reasonable attorney s fees and costs of a successful claimant,
including the filing of the appeal with the Compensation Committee as described in Section 10.4
hereof, and any subsequent litigation, shall be paid by Holdings unless the failure of Holdings to
pay is caused by reasons beyond its control, such as insolvency or bankruptcy.

10.4 Appealing an Adverse Benefits Claim Decision. Upon the denial of claim, the claimant may
file a written appeal of the denied claim to the Compensation Committee within 60 days of the
denial. The claimant shall have the opportunity to be represented by counsel and to be heard at a
hearing. The Compensation Committee must set a date for such a hearing within 30 days after
receipt of the appeal. In no event shall the date of the hearing be set later than 60 days after
receipt of the notice. The claimant shall have the opportunity to review pertinent documents and
the opportunity to submit issues and argue against the denial in writing.

10.5 Form of Denial of a Claim for Benefits on Appeal. The decision upon the appeal must be
made no later than the later of: (a) 60 days after receipt of the request for review, or (b) 30
days after the hearing. If the appeal is denied after the appeal provided for in Section 10.4
hereof, the denial shall be in writing. The Compensation Committee shall give the reason for such
denial in a written notice calculated to be understood by the claimant, referring to the Plan
provisions that form the basis of the denial.

ARTICLE XI: AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 

11.1 Amendment. The provisions of this Plan may be amended by the Board of Directors of
Holdings from time to time and at any time in whole or in part, provided that no amendment shall
operate to deprive any Participant or Death Beneficiary of any vested rights in such Participant s
Accounts accrued to them under the Plan and Trust prior to such amendment.

11.2 Termination. While it is Holdings intention to continue the Plan in operation
indefinitely, Holdings nevertheless expressly reserves the right to terminate the Plan in whole or
in part. Upon a termination of the Plan, amounts equal to the full balance in each Participant s
Supplemental Salary Deferral Account and Matching Contribution Account shall be distributed (and
taxable) to the Participant (or his Death Beneficiary) and Holdings shall have no further
obligations under the Plan.

12 

ARTICLE XII: NATURE OF AGREEMENT 

12.1 Mere Promise to Pay. This Plan constitutes a mere promise to make payments in the
future. By participating in this Plan, Participants and their Death Beneficiaries have only an
unsecured right to receive benefits from Holdings as a general creditor of Holdings. The adoption
of this Plan and any setting aside of amounts by Holdings with which to discharge its obligations
hereunder shall not be deemed to create a trust for the benefit of Participants or their Death
Beneficiaries; legal and equitable title to any funds so set aside shall remain in Holdings, and
any recipient of benefits hereunder shall have no security or other interest in such funds. Any
and all funds so set aside shall remain subject to the claims of the general creditors of Holdings,
present and future, and no payment shall be made under this Plan unless Holdings is then solvent.
This provision shall not require Holdings to set aside any funds, but Holdings may set aside such
funds if it chooses to do so.

12.2 No Right to Continued Employment. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as
conferring upon any Participant the right to continue in the employ of Holdings or any subsidiary
of Holdings in any capacity.

ARTICLE XIII: RESTRICTIONS ON ASSIGNMENT 

13.1 Spendthrift Provisions. The interest of a Participant or his Death Beneficiary may not
be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, encumbered or made subject to any charge in any manner,
either voluntarily or involuntarily, and any attempt to anticipate, alienate, sell, transfer,
assign, pledge, encumber or charge the same shall be null and void; neither shall the benefits
hereunder be liable for or subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagement or torts of any
person to whom such benefits or funds are payable, nor shall they be subject to garnishment,
attachment or other legal or equitable process nor shall they be an asset in bankruptcy, except
that no amount shall be payable hereunder until and unless any and all amounts representing debts
or other obligations owed to Holdings or any affiliate of Holdings by the Participant or Death
Beneficiary with respect to whom such amount would otherwise be payable shall have been fully paid
and satisfied. The interest of any Participant or Death Beneficiary shall be held subject to the
maximum restraint on alienation permitted or required by applicable laws of the State of Texas.

ARTICLE XIV: MISCELLANEOUS 

14.1 Recovery of Payments Made By Mistake. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, a
Participant or other person receiving amounts from the Plan is entitled only to those benefits
provided by the Plan and promptly shall return any payment, or portion thereof, made by mistake of
fact or law. The Compensation Committee may offset the future benefits of any recipient who
refuses to return an erroneous payment, in addition to pursuing any other remedies provided by law.

14.2 Governing Law. The Plan and Trust shall be construed, administrated and applied under
the laws of the State of Texas. It is Holdings intent that the Plan shall be exempt from ERISA s
provisions, to the maximum extent permitted by law. The Plan is intended to be unfunded for
federal income tax purposes and for purposes of Title I of ERISA and intended to

13 

provide deferred compensation only for a select group of management or highly compensated
employees and shall be exempt from Parts 2, 3 and 4 of ERISA, pursuant to Sections 201(2),
301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA.

14.3 Effective Date. The Plan was originally effective as of July 1, 1998. The effective
date of this amendment and restatement of the Plan is January 1, 2008.

14 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-10.31>
 4
 h54306exv10w31.htm
 ANNUAL PERFORMANCE PAY PLAN

exv10w31 

Exhibit
10.31

EXTERRAN ANNUAL PERFORMANCE PAY PLAN 
(Effective as of January 1, 2008)

ARTICLE I 
PURPOSE 

The purpose of the Exterran Annual Performance Pay Plan (the Plan is to reward eligible
employees of the Company and its Affiliates for financial results that drive the creation of value
for stockholders of the Company and, thereby, to attract, motivate, reward and retain high-caliber
employees required for the success of the Company. The Plan provides a means to link total and
individual cash compensation to Company performance, as measured by approved performance measures.

ARTICLE II 
DEFINITIONS 

2.1 Definitions . Where the following words and phrases appear in the Plan, they shall
have the respective meanings set forth below, unless their context clearly indicates to the
contrary.

Affiliate shall mean any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or
partnership, association, trust or other organization which, directly or indirectly,
controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company. For purposes of
the preceding sentence, control, controlled by and under common control with, as used
with respect to any entity or organization, shall mean the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power (i) to vote more than 50 of the securities having ordinary voting
power for the election of directors of the controlled entity or organization, or (ii) to
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the controlled entity or
organization, whether through the ownership of voting securities or by contract or
otherwise.

Base Salary shall mean the annualized pay rate of a Participant as in effect on
December 31 of a Plan Year, including (a) base pay a Participant could have received in cash
in lieu of (i) contributions made by, or on behalf of, such Participant to a tax-qualified
Plan under Section 401(a) of the Code or to a cafeteria plan under Section 125 of the Code
maintained by the Company and (ii) deferrals of compensation made at the Participant s
election to the Deferred Compensation Plan or other plan or arrangement of the Company or an
Affiliate, but (b) excluding any Rewards under this Plan and any other bonuses, incentive
pay or special awards paid to the Participant by the Company or an Affiliate.

1 

Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

CEO shall mean the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Committee shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board or other committee
appointed by the Board from among its members; provided, however, that no member of the
Committee shall be an Employee.

Company shall mean Exterran Holdings, Inc., and its successors.

Corporate Change shall mean:

(i) The acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section
13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) (a Person of beneficial ownership (within the
meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 40 or more of either (A) the
then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (the Outstanding Company Common
Stock or (B) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the
Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Outstanding Company
Voting Securities provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (i), any
acquisition by any Person pursuant to a transaction which complies with clause (A) of
subsection (iii) of this definition shall not constitute a Corporate Change; or

(ii) Individuals, who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board (the Incumbent
Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided,
however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose
election, or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders, was approved by a vote
of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be
considered for purposes of this definition as though such individual was a member of the
Incumbent Board, but excluding, for these purposes, any such individual whose initial
assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with
respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation
of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; or

(iii) The consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation involving the
Company or any of its subsidiaries, or the sale, lease or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole (other
than to an entity wholly owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company) (each, a Corporate
Transaction ), in each case, unless, following such Corporate Transaction, (A) all or
substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners of the
Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior
to such Corporate Transaction beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 60 of,
respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of
the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally
in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the Resulting Corporation in

2 

substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Corporate
Transaction, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and the Outstanding Company Voting
Securities, as the case may be, and (B) at least a majority of the members of the board of
directors of the Resulting Corporation were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of
the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such
Corporate Transaction. The term Resulting Corporation means (1) the Company or its
successor, or (2) if as a result of a Corporate Transaction the Company or its successor
becomes a subsidiary of another entity, then such entity or the parent of such entity, as
applicable, or (3) in the event of a Corporate Transaction involving the sale, lease or
other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole, then the transferee of such assets in such Corporate
Transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the sale, lease or other disposition of
assets by the Company or its subsidiaries to Exterran Partners, L.P. or its subsidiaries or
their successor nor the sale, lease or other disposition of any interest in Exterran
Partners, L.P., its general partner or its subsidiaries or their successors shall, in and of
itself, constitute a Corporate Change for purposes of this Plan.

Deferred Compensation Plan shall mean the Exterran Deferred Compensation Plan,
effective as of January 1, 2008, and as the same may thereafter be amended from time to
time, or any successor plan thereto.

Employee shall mean any person who is a regular full-time employee or a part-time
employee and who is scheduled work at least 20 hours per week on a regular basis of the
Company or any Affiliate. For purposes of the Plan, the term Employee shall exclude an
individual hired as an independent contractor, leased employee, consultant, or a person
otherwise designated as ineligible to participate in the Plan by the Committee. With
respect to a person residing outside of the United States, the Committee may revise the
definition of Employee as appropriate to conform to the laws of the applicable non-U.S.
jurisdiction.

Employment shall mean active employment with the Company or an Affiliate.

Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Executive shall mean any officer as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act
and includes the president, the principal financial officer, the principal accounting
officer, any vice president in charge of a principal business unit, division, or function
(such as sales, administration, or finance), any other officer who performs a policymaking
function, or any other person who performs similar policymaking functions for the Company.

Individual Performance shall mean each Participant s individual performance
assessment, as further described in Section 5.1.

Participant shall mean an Employee who participates in the Plan pursuant to the
provisions of Article III hereof.

3 

Participant Category shall mean a grouping of Participants as described in Article
III hereof.

Payment Date shall mean, with respect to a particular Plan Year, a date that is on or
after January 1st, but not later than March 15th, of the calendar year immediately following
the end of such particular Plan Year, as determined by the Committee.

Performance Goals shall mean, for a particular Plan Year, established levels of
applicable Performance Measures, as set forth on Exhibit A hereto.

Performance Measures shall mean the criteria used in determining Performance Goals
for particular Participant Categories, as set forth on Exhibit A hereto.

Plan shall mean this Exterran Annual Performance Pay Plan, effective as of January 1,
2008, and as the same may thereafter be amended from time to time.

Plan Year shall mean a calendar year ending on December 31st.

Retirement shall mean termination of Employment, other than due to death, on or after
the date a Participant attains age 65.

Reward shall mean the discretionary dollar amount of incentive compensation payable
to a Participant under the Plan for a Plan Year that combines the actual results from the
Reward Schedule and a Participant s Individual Performance, as determined in accordance with
Section 5.2.

Reward Opportunity shall mean, with respect to each Participant Category, Reward
amounts, expressed as a percentage of Base Salary.

Reward Schedule shall mean the schedule which sets forth the level of achievement of
applicable Performance Goals for a particular Plan Year.

2.2 Number . Wherever appropriate herein, words used in the singular shall be
considered to include the plural and words used in the plural shall be considered to include the
singular.

2.3 Headings . The headings of Articles and Sections herein are included solely for
convenience, and if there is any conflict between headings and the text of the Plan, the text shall
control.

4 

ARTICLE III 
PARTICIPATION 

3.1 Participants . Employees who are actively employed as of January 1st of each Plan
Year shall be eligible to become Participants for such Plan Year. The CEO shall select the
eligible Employees who will be Participants with respect to each Plan Year and each such
Participant shall be assigned to a Participant Category, based on his or her position with the
Company or an Affiliate at the time he or she is selected to be a Participant for such Plan Year.
No Employee shall at any time have the right (a) to be selected as a Participant in the Plan for
any Plan Year or (b) if so selected, to receive a Reward. The terms and conditions under which a
Participant may participate in the Plan shall be determined by the CEO, subject, with respect to
Executives, to the approval of the Committee in accordance with Article IV.

3.2 Partial Plan Year Participation . If, after January 1st of a Plan Year, (i) a
person is newly appointed or elected as an Executive or is initially hired as an Employee, or (ii)
an Employee who was not previously a Participant for such Plan Year because he or she was on a
Company-approved leave of absence as of January 1st of the Plan Year returns to Employment
immediately following the end of such leave of absence, then the CEO, in his or her sole
discretion, may provide that such Employee shall become a Participant effective as of the date of
such appointment, election, Employment or return to Employment, as the case may be, for the balance
of the Plan Year, subject to the approval of the Committee with respect to Executives. Such
Employee shall be eligible for a prorated Reward based on that portion of the Plan Year during
which he or she is a Participant. If an Employee who has previously been designated as a
Participant for a Plan Year takes a leave of absence during such Plan Year, all of such
Participant s rights to a Reward for such Plan Year shall be forfeited, unless the CEO, in his or
her sole discretion, shall determine that such Participant shall be eligible for a prorated Reward
for such Plan Year based upon that portion of the Plan Year during which he or she was a
Participant.

If during a Plan Year a Participant incurs a change in his or her Employment status due to
promotion, demotion, reassignment or transfer to a position that is under a different Participant
Category, the Participant s Reward Opportunity will be determined based on the Reward Opportunity
for the Participant Category in which the Participant is assigned as of December

5 

31st of such Plan Year (or, if earlier, as of the date the Participant s Employment is terminated due to
death or Retirement), unless otherwise provided by the CEO.

3.3 No Right to Participate . Except as provided in Sections 3.1 and 3.2, no
Participant or other Employee of the Company or an Affiliate or any other person shall, at any
time, have a right to participate in the Plan for any Plan Year, notwithstanding having previously
participated in the Plan in a prior Plan Year or during a portion of a Plan Year.

3.4 Plan Exclusive . No Employee shall simultaneously participate in this Plan and in
any other short-term incentive plan of the Company or an Affiliate unless such Employee s
participation in such other plan is approved by the CEO and, with respect to Executives, the
Committee.

ARTICLE IV 
ADMINISTRATION 

During the first calendar quarter of a Plan Year, the Committee shall establish the basis for
payments under the Plan in relation to given Performance Goals, as more fully described in Article
V hereof. As soon as administratively practicable following the end of each Plan Year, but in no
event later than March 15th of the calendar year immediately following the end of such Plan Year,
(i) the Committee shall determine the actual Reward payable for each Executive and (ii) the CEO
shall determine the actual Reward payable for each other Participant who is not an Executive. The
CEO is authorized to construe and interpret the Plan, to prescribe, amend and rescind rules,
regulations, procedures and forms relating to its administration and to make all other
determinations necessary or advisable for administration of the Plan, subject to (i) with respect
to Executives, the approval of the Committee in accordance with Article IV and (ii) the provisions
of Article X. The Committee and the CEO, as applicable, shall have such authority as is expressly
provided in the Plan. In addition, as permitted by law, the Committee and the CEO may delegate
such of its and his or her authority, respectively, granted under the Plan as deemed appropriate.
Decisions of the Committee and the CEO, or its or his or her delegates, in accordance with the
authority granted hereby or delegated pursuant hereto, shall be conclusive and binding on all
parties. Subject only to compliance with the express provisions hereof, the Committee and the CEO,
and its and his or her respective delegates, may act in their sole and absolute discretion with
respect to matters within their authority under the Plan. Neither a

6 

member of the Committee, the CEO, an officer or Employee of the Company or an Affiliate, nor any
other person to whom authority has been delegated in accordance with the provisions of this Plan
shall be liable for anything done or omitted to be done by any member of the Committee, the CEO,
any officer or Employee of the Company or an Affiliate or any other person in connection with the
performance of any duties under this Plan, except for his or her own willful misconduct or as
expressly provided by law.

ARTICLE V 
REWARD DETERMINATIONS 

5.1 Performance Measures and Reward Opportunities . During the first calendar quarter
of a Plan Year, (i) the Committee shall select the Performance Measures that will be used to
measure the Performance Goals for such Plan Year and (ii) the CEO shall establish the Reward
Opportunities for Participants who are not Executives and the Committee shall establish the Reward
Opportunities for Participants who are Executives for such Plan Year.

The Reward Opportunities corresponding to Performance Measures will have a payout ranging from
0 to 200 , with such measures to determine the budget pool for the incentive payout for such Plan
Year, and may vary in relation to, and within, the Participant Categories. In the event a
Participant changes Participant Categories during a Plan Year, the Participant s Reward
Opportunities shall be adjusted in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 3.2.

A Participant s Individual Performance multiplier will range from 0 to 125 . The Individual
Performance multiplier shall be primarily based on the performance assessment determined in
connection with the Participant s performance evaluation conducted with respect to the applicable
Plan Year; provided, however, other factors pertaining to Individual Performance may also be
considered in determining the appropriate percentage. This Individual Performance multiplier will
be applied to the appropriate Performance Measures evaluated in the Reward determination process
according to the provisions outlined in Section 5.2.

5.2 Reward Determinations . As soon as administratively practicable after a Plan Year,
but in no event later than March 15th of the calendar year immediately following such Plan Year,
the CEO shall provide the Reward Schedule to the Committee, which will show the extent to which the
Performance Goals have been achieved. The amount of the Reward shall be

7 

determined for each Participant in accordance with the Reward Schedule and each Participant s
Individual Performance. Executive Rewards, including any CEO Reward, shall be subject to approval
by the Committee.

5.3 Discretionary Adjustments . Once established, Performance Goals will not be
changed during the Plan Year. However, if the CEO determines, subject to the review and approval
of the Committee, that there has been (i) a change in the business, operations, corporate or
capital structure, (ii) a change in the manner in which business is conducted or (iii) any other
material change or event which will impact one or more Performance Goals in a manner that was not
intended, then the CEO may, reasonably contemporaneously with such change or event, make such
adjustments as the CEO shall deem appropriate and equitable in the manner of computing the relevant
Performance Measures applicable to such Performance Goal or Goals for the Plan Year.

5.4 Discretionary Bonuses . Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein to
the contrary, the CEO may, in his or her sole discretion, make such other or additional bonus
payments to a Participant as he shall deem appropriate; provided, however, that any discretionary
Executive Rewards, including any discretionary Reward to the CEO, shall be subject to approval by
the Committee.

ARTICLE VI 
DISTRIBUTION OF REWARDS 

6.1 Form and Timing of Payment . Except as provided below and in Article VII, a
Participant must be an active Employee as of the last business day of the Plan Year and as of the
Payment Date for such Plan Year to receive the Reward. A Participant s Reward, if any, as
determined pursuant to Article V for a particular Plan Year, shall be paid in a lump sum cash
payment on the Payment Date if the Participant is an Employee as of the Payment Date. In the event
of termination of a Participant s Employment prior to the Payment Date, to the extent the amount of
any Reward (or prorated portion thereof) is payable pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.1 or
7.2, such amount shall be paid in a lump sum cash payment on the Payment Date.

6.2 Elective Deferral . Nothing herein shall be deemed to preclude a Participant s
timely election to defer receipt of a percentage of his or her Reward pursuant to the Deferred
Compensation Plan, in accordance with the terms and conditions of such plan.

8 

6.3 Tax Withholding . The Company or employing Affiliate through which payment of a
Reward is to be made shall have the right to deduct from any payment hereunder any amounts that
Federal, state, local or foreign tax laws require with respect to such payments.

ARTICLE VII 
TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT 

7.1 Termination of Service During Plan Year . In the event a Participant s Employment
terminates prior to the last day of a Plan Year for any reason other than death or Retirement, all
of such Participant s rights to a Reward for such Plan Year shall be forfeited as of such
termination date, unless the CEO (subject to the review and approval of the Committee, with respect
to Executives) shall determine that such Participant s Reward for such Plan Year shall be prorated
based upon that portion of the Plan Year during which he or she was a Participant, in which case
the prorated portion of the Reward shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.1.

In the event that a Participant s Employment terminates prior to the last day of a Plan Year
due to death or Retirement, such Participant s Reward for such Plan Year shall be prorated based
upon that portion of the Plan Year during which he or she was a Participant, in which case the
prorated portion of the Reward shall be paid to the Participant or, in the event of his or her
death, the executor or legal representative of the Participant s estate, in accordance with the
provisions of Section 6.1.

7.2 Termination of Service After End of Plan Year But Prior to the Payment Date . If a
Participant s Employment terminates after the end of the applicable Plan Year, but prior to the
Payment Date, then the amount of any Reward applicable to such Plan Year shall be (a) forfeited by
the Participant as of his or her termination date if such termination is for any reason other than
due to death or Retirement, unless the CEO (subject to the review and approval of the Committee,
with respect to Executives) shall determine that the Reward shall be paid in a lump sum cash
payment on the Payment Date; or (b) paid in a lump sum cash payment on the Payment Date to the
Participant or the executor or legal representative of the Participant s estate if such termination
is due to Retirement or death.

9 

ARTICLE VIII 
RIGHTS OF PARTICIPANTS AND BENEFICIARIES 

8.1 Status as a Participant . Status as a Participant shall not be construed as a
commitment that any Reward will be paid or payable under the Plan.

8.2 Employment . Nothing contained in the Plan or in any document related to the Plan
or to any Reward shall confer upon any Participant any right to continue as an Employee or in the
employ of the Company or an Affiliate or constitute any contract or agreement of employment for a
specific term or interfere in any way with the right of the Company or an Affiliate to reduce such
person s compensation, to change the position held by such person or to terminate the Employment of
such person, with or without cause.

8.3 Nontransferability . No benefit payable under, or interest in, this Plan shall be
subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance
or charge and any such attempted action shall be void and no such benefit or interest shall be, in
any manner, liable for, or subject to, debts, contracts, liabilities or torts of any Participant or
beneficiary; provided, however, that, nothing in this Section 8.3 shall prevent transfer (i) by
will or (ii) by applicable laws of descent and distribution. Any attempt at transfer, assignment
or other alienation prohibited by the preceding sentence shall be disregarded and all amounts
payable hereunder shall be paid only in accordance with the provisions of the Plan.

8.4 Nature of Plan . No Participant or other person shall have any right, title or
interest in any fund or in any specific asset of the Company or any Affiliate by reason of any
Reward hereunder. There shall be no funding of any benefits which may become payable hereunder.
Nothing contained in the Plan (or in any document related thereto), nor the creation or adoption of
the Plan, nor any action taken pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall create, or be construed
to create, a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between the Company or an Affiliate and
any Participant or other person. To the extent that a Participant or other person acquires a right
to receive payment with respect to a Reward hereunder, such right shall be no greater than the
right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company or other employing Affiliate, as applicable.
All amounts payable under the Plan shall be paid from the general assets of the Company or
employing Affiliate, as applicable, and no special or separate fund or deposit shall be established
and no segregation of assets shall be made to assure payment of such

10 

amounts. Nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to give any Employee any right to participate in the
Plan except in accordance herewith.

ARTICLE IX 
CORPORATE CHANGE 

In the event of a Corporate Change, (i) with respect to a Participant s Reward Opportunity for
the Plan Year during which the Corporate Change occurred, provided the Participant is an Employee
as of the date the Corporate Change is consummated Closing Date ), such Participant shall be paid
within 15 days after the Closing Date a lump sum cash payment equal to the target amount of his or
her Reward for such Plan Year, prorated to the Closing Date; and (ii) with respect to a Corporate
Change that occurs after the end of the Plan Year but prior to the Payment Date, a Participant
shall be paid his or her Reward earned for such Plan Date as of the Payment Date or, if earlier,
within 15 days after the Closing Date.

ARTICLE X 
AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Committee may, at any time, terminate or,
from time to time amend, modify or suspend the Plan; provided, however, that, without the prior
consent of the Participants affected, no such action may adversely affect any rights or obligations
with respect to any Rewards theretofore earned for a particular Plan Year, whether or not the
amounts of such Rewards have been computed and whether or not such Rewards are then payable.

ARTICLE XI 
MISCELLANEOUS 

11.1 Governing Law . The Plan and all related documents shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof, except to the extent preempted by federal law.

11.2 Severability . If any provision of the Plan shall be held illegal or invalid for
any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining provisions hereof;
instead, each

11 

provision shall be fully severable and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if said illegal
or invalid provision had never been included herein.

11.3 Successor . All obligations of the Company under the Plan shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor
is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or
substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company.

11.4 Effective Date . This Plan shall be effective from and after January 1, 2008, and
shall remain in effect until such time as it may be terminated or amended pursuant to Article X.

12 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.32>
 5
 h54306exv10w32.htm
 FORM OF NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AWARD NOTICE

exv10w32 

Exhibit 10.33

FORM OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. AWARD NOTICE 
TIME-VESTED NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION 

Exterran Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), has granted to you, (the Participant ), a
Non-Qualified Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company under the Exterran
Holdings, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). All capitalized terms not explicitly
defined in this Award Notice but defined in the Plan shall have the same meaning ascribed to them
in the Plan.

The main terms of your Award are as follows:

1. Award. You have been granted a Non-Qualified Stock Option (the Award or Option to
purchase
 shares of Common Stock of the Company at an exercise price of 78.25 per share
(the Exercise Price ).

2. Grant Date. The date of this Award is (the Grant Date ).

3. Vesting. Your Award is subject to a vesting schedule. A portion of your Award (rounded
to the nearest whole number) will automatically vest and become exercisable on each of the dates
indicated in the table below (each a Vesting Date ). However, you must be employed by the Company
or one of its Affiliates at all times from the Grant Date up to and including the applicable
Vesting Date for that portion of the Award to vest. Contact Tiffany Lawrence at (281) 405-5115
with any questions concerning the vesting of your Award.

Vesting Date 
 
 Number of Shares Vested 

4. Term . The Award will continue in effect until the date that is 7 years from the Grant
Date (the Expiration Date ), subject to earlier termination in accordance with Section 5 of this
Award Notice or the Plan.

5. Termination of Employment. Your Award will either vest or be forfeited upon your
termination, depending on the reason for termination:

(a) Termination as a Result of Death, Disability, or Retirement. The unvested portion of your
Award will immediately vest in full and become exercisable, and you (or your legal representative)
will be entitled to exercise the vested portion of your Award at any time prior to the Expiration
Date or the expiration of 2 years after the date of your termination, whichever is the shorter
period.

(b) Termination for Cause. The outstanding unexercised portion of your Award (whether vested
or unvested) will be automatically forfeited on the date of your termination.

(c) All Other Terminations. You will be entitled to exercise the vested portion of your Award
at any time prior to the Expiration Date or the expiration of three months after the date of your
termination, whichever is the shorter period. The unvested portion of your Award will be
automatically forfeited.

6. Exercise of Award. The exercise of your Option must be accompanied by full payment of the
Exercise Price for the shares of Common Stock being acquired by: (i) cash, (ii) a check acceptable
to the

Page 1 of 2 

Company, (iii) the delivery of a number of already-owned shares of Common Stock having a Fair
Market Value equal to such Option price (provided you have owned such shares of Common Stock for
more than six months), (iv) a cashless broker exercise of the Option through any other procedures
established or approved by the Compensation Committee with respect thereto, or (v) any combination
of the foregoing approved by the Compensation Committee. No shares of Common Stock will be issued
until the Exercise Price has been paid.

7. Stockholder Rights . You will have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Option until you become the holder of record of such
shares of Common Stock.

8. Non Transferability. You cannot sell, transfer, pledge, exchange or otherwise dispose of
your Option (except by will or the laws of descent and distribution).

9. No Right to Continued Employment. Nothing in this Award Notice guarantees your continued
employment with the Company or its Affiliates or interferes in any way with the right of the
Company or its Affiliates to terminate your employment at any time.

10 . Data Privacy. You consent to the collection, use, processing and transfer of your
personal data as described in this paragraph. You understand that the Company and/or its
Affiliates hold certain personal information about you (including your name, address and telephone
number, date of birth, social security number, social insurance number, etc.) for the purpose of
administering the Plan Data ). You also understand that the Company and/or its Affiliates will
transfer this Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementing, administering
and managing your participation in the Plan, and that the Company and/or its Affiliates may also
transfer this Data to any third parties assisting the Company in the implementation, administration
and management of the Plan. You authorize them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the
information, in electronic or other form, for these purposes. You also understand that you may, at
any time, review the Data, require any necessary changes to the Data or withdraw your consent in
writing by contacting the Company. You further understand that withdrawing your consent may affect
your ability to participate in the Plan.

11. Withholding. Your Award is subject to applicable income tax, social insurance, or social
security withholding obligations, and the Company and its Affiliates may, in their sole discretion,
withhold a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock that are otherwise issuable to you under
this Award in order to satisfy any such withholding obligations. If necessary, the Company also
reserves the right to withhold from your regular earnings an amount sufficient to meet the
withholding obligations.

12. Plan Governs. This Award Notice is subject to the terms of the Plan, a copy of which is
available on the Company s website or which will be provided to you upon written request addressed
to Exterran Holdings, Inc., Stock Plan Administration, 12001 N. Houston Rosslyn, Houston, TX
77086. All the terms and conditions of the Plan, as may be amended from time to time, and any
rules, guidelines and procedures which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to
the Plan, are hereby incorporated into this Award Notice, without regard to whether such terms and
conditions are not otherwise set forth in this Award Notice. In the event of a discrepancy between
this Award Notice and the Plan, the Plan shall govern.

13 . Participant Acceptance . If you do not accept the Award or the terms of the Award, you
must notify the Company in writing at the address provided above within thirty (30) days of
delivery of this Award Notice. Otherwise, the Company will deem the Award and the terms of the
Award to be accepted by you.

EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Stephen A. Snider 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Page 2 of 2 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.33>
 6
 h54306exv10w33.htm
 FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD NOTICE

exv10w33 

Exhibit
10.33

FORM OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. AWARD NOTICE 
TIME-VESTED RESTRICTED STOCK 

Exterran Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), has granted to you, (the Participant ),
shares of restricted stock under the Exterran Holdings, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the
 Plan ). All capitalized terms not expressly defined in this Award Notice but defined in the Plan
shall have the same meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.

The main terms of your Award are as follows:

1. Award . You have been granted shares of Company restricted stock (the Award 
or Restricted Stock ).

2. Grant Date . The date of this Award is (the Grant Date ).

3. Vesting . Your Award is subject to a vesting schedule. A portion of your Award (rounded to
the nearest whole number) will automatically vest on each of the dates (a Vesting Date indicated
in the table below. However, you must be employed by the Company or one of its Affiliates at all
times from the Grant Date up to and including the applicable Vesting Date for that portion of the
Award to vest. Contact Tiffany Lawrence at (281) 405-5115 with any questions concerning the
vesting of your Award.

Vesting Date 
 
 Number of Shares Vested 

4. Termination of Employment . If your employment with the Company or an Affiliate terminates
for any reason (other than as a result of death or Disability), the unvested portion of your Award
will be automatically forfeited on the date of such event unless the Compensation Committee directs
otherwise. If your employment with the Company terminates as a result of your death or Disability,
the unvested portion of your Award will immediately vest in full and all restrictions applicable to
your Award will cease as of that date.

5. Stockholder Rights . You will have the right to vote your shares of Restricted Stock and
receive dividends, if any, with respect to your Restricted Stock, regardless of vesting; however,
the Company will withhold delivery of your shares until they are vested.

6. Non Transferability. Prior to vesting, you cannot sell, transfer, pledge, exchange or
otherwise dispose of your shares of Restricted Stock (except by will or the laws of descent and
distribution).

7. No Right to Continued Employment . Nothing in this Award Notice guarantees your continued
employment with the Company or its Affiliates or interferes in any way with the right of the
Company or its Affiliates to terminate your employment at any time.

8 . Data Privacy . You consent to the collection, use, processing and transfer of your
personal data as described in this paragraph. You understand that the Company and/or its
Affiliates hold certain personal information about you (including your name, address and telephone
number, date of birth, social security number, social insurance number, etc.) for the purpose of
administering the Plan Data ). You also understand that the Company and/or its Affiliates will
transfer this Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementing, administering
and managing your participation in the Plan,

Page 1 of 2 

and that the Company and/or its Affiliates may also transfer this Data to any third parties
assisting the Company in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You
authorize them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the information, in electronic or
other form, for these purposes. You also understand that you may, at any time, review the Data,
require any necessary changes to the Data or withdraw your consent in writing by contacting the
Company. You further understand that withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to
participate in the Plan.

9. Withholding. Your Award is subject to applicable income tax, social insurance, or social
security withholding obligations, and the Company and its Affiliates may, in their sole discretion,
withhold a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock that are otherwise issuable to you pursuant
to your Award to satisfy any such withholding obligations. If necessary, the Company also reserves
the right to withhold from your regular earnings an amount sufficient to meet the withholding
obligations.

10. Plan Governs . This Award Notice is subject to the terms of the Plan, a copy of which is
available on the Company s website or which will be provided to you upon written request addressed
to Exterran Holdings, Inc., Stock Plan Administration, 12001 N. Houston Rosslyn, Houston, TX
77086. All the terms and conditions of the Plan, as may be amended from time to time, and any
rules, guidelines and procedures which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to
the Plan, are hereby incorporated into this Award Notice, without regard to whether such terms and
conditions are not otherwise set forth in this Award Notice. In the event of a discrepancy between
this Award Notice and the Plan, the Plan shall govern.

11. Participant Acceptance . If you do not accept the Award or the terms of the Award, you
must notify the Company in writing at the address provided above within thirty (30) days of
delivery of this Award Notice. Otherwise, the Company will deem the Award and the terms of the
Award accepted by you.

EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC . 

By: 

Stephen A. Snider 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Page 2 of 2 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-10.34>
 7
 h54306exv10w34.htm
 FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD NOTICE

exv10w34 

Exhibit 10.34

FORM OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. AWARD NOTICE 
TIME-VESTED STOCK-SETTLED RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 

Exterran Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), has
granted to you,
 (the Participant ),
restricted stock units under the Exterran Holdings, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ).
All capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Award Notice but defined in the Plan shall
have the same meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.

The main terms of your Award are as follows:

1.
Award. You
have been granted
 restricted stock units (the Award or
 RSUs ).

2.
Grant Date. The date of this Award is (the Grant Date ).

3. Vesting. Your Award is subject to a vesting schedule. A portion of your Award
(rounded to the nearest whole number) will automatically vest on each of the dates indicated
in the table below (each a Vesting Date ). However, you must be employed by the Company or
one of its Affiliates at all times from the Grant Date up to and including the applicable
Vesting Date for that portion of the Award to vest. Contact Tiffany Lawrence at (281)
405-5115 with any questions concerning the vesting of your Award.

Vesting Date 
 
 Number of Shares Vested 

4. Payment. You will receive payment in the form of shares of Common Stock, which will
be issued to you in book entry form as soon as administratively practicable following each
Vesting Date.

5. Termination of Employment. If your employment with the Company or an Affiliate
terminates for any reason (other than as a result of death or Disability), the unvested
portion of your Award will be automatically forfeited on the date of such event unless the
Compensation Committee directs otherwise. If your employment with the Company terminates as a
result of your death or Disability, the unvested portion of your Award will immediately vest
in full and all restrictions applicable to your Award will cease as of that date.

6. Stockholder Rights. You will not have the right to vote the shares of Common Stock
underlying your RSUs or enjoy any other stockholder rights, or have the right to any dividends
paid with respect to the shares of Common Stock underlying your RSUs, prior to the Company s
issuance of such shares of Common Stock following the applicable Vesting Date.

7. Non Transferability. Prior to vesting, you cannot sell, transfer, pledge, exchange
or otherwise dispose of your RSUs (except by will or the laws of descent and distribution).

Page 1 of 2 

8. No Right to Continued Employment. Nothing in this Award Notice guarantees your
continued employment with the Company or its Affiliates or interferes in any way with the
right of the Company or its Affiliates to terminate your employment at any time.

9. Data Privacy. You consent to the collection, use, processing and transfer of your
personal data as described in this paragraph. You understand that the Company and/or its
Affiliates hold certain personal information about you (including your name, address and
telephone number, date of birth, social security number, social insurance number, etc.) for the
purpose of administering the Plan Data ). You also understand that the Company and/or its
Affiliates will transfer this Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of
implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, and that the Company
and/or its Affiliates may also transfer this Data to any third parties assisting the Company in
the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You authorize them to receive,
possess, use, retain and transfer the information, in electronic or other form, for these
purposes. You also understand that you may, at any time, review the Data, require any necessary
changes to the Data or withdraw your consent in writing by contacting the Company. You further
understand that withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan.

10. Withholding. Your Award is subject to applicable income tax, social insurance, or
social security withholding obligations, and the Company and its Affiliates may, in their sole
discretion, withhold a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock that are otherwise issuable
to you pursuant to your Award to satisfy any such withholding obligations. If necessary, the
Company reserves the right to withhold from your regular earnings an amount sufficient to meet
the withholding obligations.

11. Plan Governs. This Award Notice is subject to the terms of the Plan, a copy of
which is available on the Company s website or which will be provided to you upon written
request addressed to Exterran Holdings, Inc., Stock Plan Administration, 12001 N. Houston
Rosslyn, Houston, TX 77086. All the terms and conditions of the Plan, as may be amended from
time to time, and any rules, guidelines and procedures which may from time to time be
promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan, are hereby incorporated into this Award Notice,
without regard to whether such terms and conditions are not otherwise set forth in this Award
Notice. In the event of a discrepancy between this Award Notice and the Plan, the Plan shall
govern.

12. Participant Acceptance. If you do not accept the Award or the terms of the Award, you
must notify the Company in writing at the address provided above within thirty (30) days of
delivery of this Award Notice. Otherwise, the Company will deem the Award and the terms of the
Award to be accepted by you.

EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Stephen A. Snider 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Page 2 of 2 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.35>
 8
 h54306exv10w35.htm
 FORM OF INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AWARD NOTICE

exv10w35 

Exhibit
10.35 

FORM OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. AWARD NOTICE 
TIME-VESTED INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION 

Exterran
Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), has granted to you, (the Participant ), an
Incentive Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company under the Exterran
Holdings, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). All capitalized terms not explicitly
defined in this Award Notice but defined in the Plan shall have the same meaning ascribed to them
in the Plan.

The main terms of your Award are as follows:

1. Award. You have been granted an Incentive Stock Option (the Award or Option to
purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share
(the Exercise Price ).

2. Grant Date. The date of this Award is
 (the Grant Date ).

3. Vesting. Your Award is subject to a vesting schedule. A portion of your Award (rounded
to the nearest whole number) will automatically vest and become exercisable on each of the dates
indicated in the table below (each a Vesting Date ). However, you must be employed by the Company
or one of its Affiliates at all times from the Grant Date up to and including the applicable
Vesting Date for that portion of the Award to vest. Contact Tiffany Lawrence at (281) 405-5115
with any questions concerning the vesting of your Award.

Vesting Date 

Number of Shares Vested 

4. Term . The Award will continue in effect until the date that is 7 years from the Grant
Date (the Expiration Date ), subject to earlier termination in accordance with Section 5 of this
Award Notice or the Plan.

5. Termination of Employment. Your Award will either vest or be forfeited upon your
termination, depending on the reason for termination, as follows:

(a) Termination as a Result of Death or Disability. Following a termination of employment as
a result of death or disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code Disability ), the
unvested portion of your Award will immediately vest in full and become exercisable, and you (or
your legal representative) will be entitled to exercise the Award at any
time prior to the Expiration Date or the expiration 1 year after the date of your termination,
whichever is the shorter period.

(b) Termination as a Result of Retirement. Following a termination of employment as a result
of your Retirement, the unvested portion of your Award will immediately vest in full and become
exercisable, and you will be entitled to exercise the Award at any time
prior to the Expiration Date or the expiration of three months after the date of your termination,
whichever is the shorter period.

(c) Termination for Cause. Following a termination of employment for Cause, the outstanding
unexercised portion of your Award (whether vested or unvested) will be automatically forfeited on
the date of your termination.

Page 1 of 3 

(d) All Other Terminations. Following a termination of employment except as provided in
Sections 6(a), (b) and (c) above, you will be entitled to exercise the vested portion of your Award
at any time prior to the Expiration Date or the expiration of three months after the date of your
termination, whichever is the shorter period. The unvested portion of your Award will be
automatically forfeited.

6. Exercise of Award. The exercise of your Option must be accompanied by full payment of the
Exercise Price for the shares of Common Stock being acquired by: (i) cash, (ii) a check acceptable
to the Company, (iii) the delivery of a number of already-owned shares of Common Stock having a
Fair Market Value equal to such Option price (provided you have owned such shares of Common Stock
for more than six months), (iv) a cashless broker exercise of the Option through any other
procedures established or approved by the Compensation Committee with respect thereto, or (v) any
combination of the foregoing approved by the Compensation Committee. No shares of Common Stock
will be issued until the Exercise Price has been paid. The Option will only be exercisable by you
except in the case of your death or Disability. To the extent exercisable after your death or
Disability, the Option may be exercised only by your representatives, executors, successors or
beneficiaries.

7. Stockholder Rights . You will have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Option until you become the holder of record of such
shares of Common Stock.

8. Non Transferability. You cannot sell, transfer, pledge, exchange or otherwise dispose of
your Option (except by will or the laws of descent and distribution).

9. No Right to Continued Employment. Nothing in this Award Notice guarantees your continued
employment with the Company or its Affiliates or interferes in any way with the right of the
Company or its Affiliates to terminate your employment at any time.

10 . Data Privacy. You consent to the collection, use, processing and transfer of your
personal data as described in this paragraph. You understand that the Company and/or its
Affiliates hold certain personal information about you (including your name, address and telephone
number, date of birth, social security number, social insurance number, etc.) for the purpose of
administering the Plan Data ). You also understand that the Company and/or its Affiliates will
transfer this Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementing, administering
and managing your participation in the Plan, and that the Company and/or its Affiliates may also
transfer this Data to any third parties assisting the Company in the implementation, administration
and management of the Plan. You authorize them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the
information, in electronic or other form, for these purposes. You also understand that you may, at
any time, review the Data, require any necessary changes to the Data or withdraw your consent in
writing by contacting the Company. You further understand that withdrawing your consent may affect
your ability to participate in the Plan.

11. Withholding. Your Award is subject to applicable income tax, social insurance, or social
security withholding obligations, and the Company and its Affiliates may, in their sole discretion,
withhold a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock that are otherwise issuable to you under
this Award in order to satisfy any such withholding obligations. If necessary, the Company also
reserves the right to withhold from your regular earnings an amount sufficient to meet the
withholding obligations.

12. Plan Governs. This Award Notice is subject to the terms of the Plan, a copy of which is
available on the Company s website or which will be provided to you upon written request addressed
to Exterran Holdings, Inc., Stock Plan Administration, 12001 N. Houston Rosslyn, Houston, TX
77086. All the terms and conditions of the Plan, as may be amended from time to time, and any
rules, guidelines and procedures which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to
the Plan, are hereby incorporated into this Award Notice, without regard to whether such terms and
conditions are not otherwise set forth in this Award Notice. In the event of a discrepancy between
this Award Notice and the Plan, the Plan shall govern.

13 . Qualification as Incentive Stock Option. This Option is intended to be an incentive
stock option under Section 422 of the Code; provided, however, that neither the Company, its
directors, officers, employees or the Committee, nor any Affiliate which is in existence or
hereafter comes into existence, shall be liable to you or any other person or entity if it is
determined for any reason by the

Page 2 of 3 

Internal Revenue Service or any court having jurisdiction that the Option does not qualify for
tax treatment as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code.

14. Participant Acceptance . If you do not accept the Award or the terms of the Award, you
must notify the Company in writing at the address provided above within thirty (30) days of
delivery of this Award Notice. Otherwise, the Company will deem the Award and the terms of the
Award to be accepted by you.

EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Stephen A. Snider 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Page 3 of 3 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-10.36>
 9
 h54306exv10w36.htm
 FORM OF GRANT OF UNIT APPRECIATION RIGHTS

exv10w36 

Exhibit 10.36 

Universal Compression Holdings, Inc. 
Form of Grant of Unit Appreciation Rights 

Grantee : 

Grant Date : , 200 

Grant of UARs . Universal Compression Holdings, Inc. (the Company hereby grants to you
 unit appreciation rights UARs with respect to Common Units Units of Universal
Compression Partners, L.P. on the terms and conditions set forth herein. Upon exercise of a
UAR, you will be entitled to receive, as soon as practicable following such exercise, a
payment from the Company in cash equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value (as defined in
the Universal Compression Partners, L.P. Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan )) of a Unit on
the date of exercise over the exercise price of that UAR as set forth below. Terms used, but
not defined, herein shall have their meaning as set forth in the Plan unless their context
clearly requires otherwise.

Exercise Price . The exercise price per UAR shall be , subject to adjustment in
the same manner as the purchase price of an option granted under the Plan may be adjusted.

Vesting and Exercise of UARs . Subject to the further provisions of this Agreement, the
UARs shall become vested in accordance with the following schedule, and may be exercised by
written notice to the Company at its principal executive office addressed to the attention of
its Secretary (or such other officer or employee of the Company as the Company may designate
from time to time):

Vesting Date 

Vested Percentage 

Notwithstanding the above schedule, but subject to the further provisions hereof, upon the
occurrence of the following events, the UARs shall vest and become exercisable or forfeited
as provided below:

Disability . If your employment with the Company terminates by reason of a disability
that entitles you to benefits under the Company s long-term disability plan, the UARs
shall become fully vested and, subject to the further provisions of this Agreement, may
be exercised at any time during the one-year period following such termination by you
or by your guardian or legal representative (or, if you die during such one-year
period, by your estate or the person who acquires the UARs by will or the laws of
descent and distribution).

1 

Death . If you die while in the employ of the Company, the UARs shall become fully
vested and, subject to the further provisions of this Agreement, your estate (or the
person who acquires the UARs by will or the laws of descent and distribution) may
exercise the UARs at any time during the one-year period following the date of your
death.

Other Terminations . If your employment with the Company is terminated for any
reason other than as provided in paragraphs 3(a) and (b) above, the UARs, to the extent
vested on the date of your termination, may be exercised, subject to the further
provisions of this Agreement, at any time during the three-month period following such
termination by you or by your guardian or legal representative (or by your estate or
the person who acquires the UARs by will or the laws of descent and distribution or
otherwise by reason of your death if you die during such period), but only as to the
vested number of UARs, if any, that you were entitled to exercise hereunder as of the
date your employment so terminates.

Change of Control . The UARs shall become fully vested upon a Change of Control (as
defined in the Plan).

For purposes of this Agreement, employment with the Company shall include being an
Employee or a Director of, or a Consultant to, the Company or an Affiliate. However, if
your UARs are subject to Section 409A of the Code, whether or not your employment with the
Company has terminated will be determined in accordance with the regulations issued under
Section 409A.

There is no minimum or maximum number of UARs that must be exercised at any time. Instead,
the UARs may be exercised, at any time and from time to time as provided in this Agreement,
to the extent they are then vested and exercisable according to the provisions of this
Agreement.

Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, the UARs shall not be exercisable in any event after
 .

All UARs that are not vested on your termination of employment with the Company as provided
above shall be automatically cancelled without payment upon such termination.

Withholding of Taxes . To the extent that the exercise of a UAR results in the receipt of
compensation by you with respect to which the Company or an Affiliate has a tax withholding
obligation pursuant to applicable law, the Company or the Affiliate shall withhold from
payment such amount of money as the Company or the Affiliate may require to meet its tax
withholding obligations under such applicable law.

Limitations Upon Transfer . All rights under this Agreement shall belong to you alone and
may not be transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated by you in any way (whether by
operation of law or otherwise), other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution and
shall not be subject to execution, attachment, or similar process. Upon any attempt by you to
transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of such rights

2 

contrary to the provisions in this Agreement, or upon the levy of any attachment or similar
process upon such rights, such rights shall immediately become null and void.

Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any
successors to the Company and all persons lawfully claiming under you.

Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with
regard to the subject matter hereof, and contains all the covenants, promises,
representations, warranties and agreements between the parties with respect to the UARs
granted hereby. Without limiting the scope of the preceding sentence, all prior
understandings and agreements, if any, among the parties hereto relating to the subject matter
hereof are hereby null and void and of no further force and effect.

Modifications . Except as provided below, any modification of this Agreement shall be
effective only if it is in writing and signed by both you and an authorized officer of the
Company.

Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof.

Section 409A . Nothing in this Agreement shall operate or be construed to cause the UARs to
fail to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. The
applicable provisions of Section 409A and the regulations thereunder are hereby incorporated
by reference and shall control over any provision herein in conflict therewith.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company and the Grantee have caused this Agreement to be executed effective
as of the day and year first above written.

Universal Compression Holdings, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Grantee 

[Name] 

3 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-21.1>
 10
 h54306exv21w1.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

exv21w1 

Exhibit 21.1

Exterran Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Company Listing as of December 31, 2007 

Place of 

Company 
 
 Ownership 
 
 Incorporation 

1

Arabian European Mechanical Company Ltd.

49 Owned

Saudi Arabia 

2

Aurora Barbados, S.r.l.

Wholly owned

Barbados 

3

B.T. Engineering Pte Ltd

Wholly owned

Singapore 

4

B.T.I. Holdings Pte Ltd

Wholly owned

Singapore 

5

Beijing Universal Compression Technical Services Company Ltd.

Wholly owned

China 

6

Belleli Energy B.V.

Wholly owned

Netherlands 

7

Belleli Energy Critical Process Equipment S.p.A.

Wholly owned

Italy 

8

Belleli Energy Djibouti FZCO

Wholly owned

Djibouti 

9

Belleli Energy F.Z.E.

Wholly owned

Dubai 

10

Belleli Energy S.p.A.

Wholly owned

Italy 

11

Compression Services de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.

Wholly owned

Mexico 

12

Compressor Systems International, Inc.

Wholly owned

Delaware 

13

EES Leasing LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

14

EI Leasing LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

15

Energy Dynamics de Venezuela, C.A.

Wholly owned

Venezuela 

16

Energy Transfer-Hanover Ventures LP

Wholly owned

Delaware 

17

Enterra Compression Investment Company

Wholly owned

Delaware 

18

Excel Energy Services Limited

Wholly owned

Nigeria 

19

EXH GP LP LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

20

EXH MLP LP LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

21

EXLP Leasing LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

22

EXLP Operating LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

23

Exterran (Poland) Sp. z.o.o.

Wholly owned

Poland 

24

Exterran (Thailand) Ltd.

Wholly owned

Thailand 

25

Exterran (UK) Ltd.

Wholly owned

United Kingdom 

26

Exterran ABS 2007 LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

27

Exterran ABS Leasing 2007 LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

28

Exterran Canada, Limited Partnership

Wholly owned

Nova Scotia, Canada 

29

Exterran Canadian Partnership Holdings GP ULC

Wholly owned

Nova Scotia, Canada 

30

Exterran Canadian Partnership Holdings LP Company

Wholly owned

Alberta, Canada 

31

Exterran Eastern Hemisphere F.Z.E.

Wholly owned

Dubai 

32

Exterran Energy Solutions, L.P.

Wholly owned

Delaware 

33

Exterran General Partner, L.P.

Wholly owned

Delaware 

34

Exterran GP LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

35

Exterran Holding Company NL B.V.

Wholly owned

Netherlands 

36

Exterran Holdings, Inc.

Parent

Delaware 

37

Exterran International SA

Wholly owned

Switzerland 

38

Exterran Malta Holding Limited

Wholly owned

Malta 

39

Exterran North Africa Limited

Wholly owned

Malta 

40

Exterran Partners, L.P.

51 Owned

Delaware 

41

Exterran Services (UK) Ltd.

Wholly owned

United Kingdom 

42

Exterran Services B.V.

Wholly owned

Netherlands 

43

Exterran, Inc.

Wholly owned

Texas 

44

H.C.C. Compressor de Venezuela, C.A.

Wholly owned

Venezuela 

45

Hanover (Malaysia) SDN BHD

60 Owned

Malaysia 

46

Hanover Argentina, S.A.

Wholly owned

Argentina 

47

Hanover Asia, Inc.

Wholly owned

Delaware 

48

Hanover Australia LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

49

Hanover Bolivia Ltda.

Wholly owned

Bolivia 

Place of 

Company 
 
 Ownership 
 
 Incorporation 

50

Hanover Brasil Ltda.

Wholly owned

Brazil 

51

Hanover Canada Corporation

Wholly owned

Alberta, Canada 

52

Hanover Cayman Limited

Wholly owned

Cayman Islands 

53

Hanover Colombia Leasing, LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

54

Hanover Compressed Natural Gas Services LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

55

Exterran Energy Solutions Compania Limitada

Wholly owned

Chile 

56

Hanover Compression General Holdings LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

57

Hanover Compressor Capital Trust

Wholly owned

Delaware 

58

Hanover Compressor Company

Wholly owned

Delaware 

59

Hanover Compressor de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.

Wholly owned

Mexico 

60

Hanover Compressor Nigeria, Inc.

Wholly owned

Delaware 

61

Hanover Compressor Peru, SAC

Wholly owned

Peru 

62

Hanover de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.

Wholly owned

Mexico 

63

Hanover Ecuador L.L.C.

Wholly owned

Delaware 

64

Hanover Egypt LLC

Wholly owned

Egypt 

65

Hanover General Energy Transfer, LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

66

Hanover HL Holdings, LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

67

Hanover HL, LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

68

Hanover IDR, Inc.

Wholly owned

Delaware 

69

Hanover Kazakhstan LLP

Wholly owned

Kazakhstan 

70

Hanover Limited Energy Transfer, LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

71

Hanover Middle East LLC

70 Owned

Oman 

72

Hanover Nigeria Energy Services Limited

Wholly owned

Nigeria 

73

Hanover Pakistan (Private) Limited

Wholly owned

Pakistan 

74

Hanover Partners Nigeria LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

75

Hanover Peru Selva S.r.l.

Wholly owned

Peru 

76

Hanover SPE, L.L.C.

Wholly owned

Delaware 

77

Hanover Venezuela, C.A.

Wholly owned

Venezuela 

78

HC Cayman LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

79

EXH Cayman Ltd.

Wholly owned

Cayman Islands 

80

HC Leasing, Inc.

Wholly owned

Delaware 

81

HCL Colombia, Inc.

Wholly owned

Delaware 

82

HG Compression Services Nigeria Limited

51 Owned

Nigeria 

83

KOG, Inc.

Wholly owned

Delaware 

84

Nigerian Leasing, LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

85

P.T. Hanover Indonesia

Wholly owned

Indonesia 

86

Probalance Engenharia Ltda.

Wholly owned

Brazil 

87

Production Operators Cayman Inc.

Wholly owned

Cayman Islands 

88

PT Universal Compression Indonesia

Wholly owned

Indonesia 

89

Quimex S.A.

Wholly owned

Switzerland 

90

Servi Compresores, C.A.

Wholly owned

Venezuela 

91

UCO Compression Holding, L.L.C.

Wholly owned

Delaware 

92

Exterran (Australia) Pty Ltd

Wholly owned

Australia 

93

Universal Compression Argentina S.A.

Wholly owned

Argentina 

94

Universal Compression Bolivia Ltda.

Wholly owned

Bolivia 

95

Universal Compression Canadian Holdings, Inc.

Wholly owned

Delaware 

96

Universal Compression Cayman Ltd.

Wholly owned

Cayman Islands 

97

Universal Compression de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.

Wholly owned

Mexico 

98

Universal Compression de Venezuela Unicom, C.A.

Wholly owned

Venezuela 

99

Universal Compression del Peru, S.R.L.

Wholly owned

Peru 

100

Universal Compression Finance Company Ltd.

Wholly owned

Barbados 

101

Universal Compression International Holdings, S.L.U.

Wholly owned

Spain 

102

Universal Compression International Ltd.

Wholly owned

Cayman Islands 

Place of 

Company 
 
 Ownership 
 
 Incorporation 

103

Universal Compression International, Inc.

Wholly owned

Delaware 

104

Universal Compression Ltda.

Wholly owned

Brazil 

105

Universal Compression Mauritius

Wholly owned

Mauritius 

106

Universal Compression of Colombia Ltd.

Wholly owned

Cayman Islands 

107

Universal Compression Services de Venezuela C.A.

Wholly owned

Venezuela 

108

Universal Compression Services, LLC

Wholly owned

Delaware 

109

Universal Compression Singapore Pte. Ltd.

Wholly owned

Singapore 

110

Uniwhale de Colombia E.U.

75 Owned

Colombia 

111

Uniwhale Ltd.

75 Owned

Cayman Islands 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 11
 h54306exv23w1.htm
 CONSENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

exv23w1 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Exterran Holdings, Inc. s Registration Statements
No. 333-145589 and No. 333-145558 each on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 29, 2008, relating
to (1) the 2007 financial statements and financial statement schedules and the retrospective
adjustments to the 2006 and 2005 financial statements and financial statement disclosures of
Exterran Holdings, Inc. (formerly Hanover Compressor Company) (such
report includes the audit of certain reclassifications
retrospectively applied to Exterran Holdings, Inc. s 2006 and
2005 consolidated financial statements) and (2) the effectiveness of Exterran
Holdings, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting (such report excludes the internal
control over financial reporting related to the operations acquired from Universal Compression
Holdings, Inc.) as of the year ended December 31, 2007, appearing in this Annual Report on Form
10-K of Exterran Holdings, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2007.

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 

Houston, Texas 
February 29, 2008

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 12
 h54306exv23w2.htm
 CONSENT OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP

exv23w2 

EXHIBIT 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8
(Nos. 333-145589 and 333-145558) of Exterran Holdings, Inc. (formerly Hanover Compressor Company)
of our report dated February 14, 2007 relating to the financial statements and financial statement
schedule, which appears in this Form 10-K.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Houston, Texas 
February 29, 2008

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 13
 h54306exv31w1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

exv31w1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
 2002 

I, Stephen A. Snider, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 of Exterran Holdings, Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
 untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
 fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
 other financial information included in this report, fairly
 present in all material respects the financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of,
 and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
 responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(e) 
 and
 15d-15(e)) 
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
 Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) 
 and
 15d-15(f)) 
 for the registrant and have:

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
 disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
 known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
 caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
 designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
 preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
 controls and procedures and presented in this report our
 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
 report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
 the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
 registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
 report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
 materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I
 have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
 control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
 of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
 design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
 which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
 other employees who have a significant role in the
 registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: February 29, 2008

By:

/s/ STEPHEN
 A. SNIDER 

Name: Stephen A. Snider

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer and President

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 14
 h54306exv31w2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

exv31w2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
 2002 

I, J. Michael Anderson, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 of Exterran Holdings, Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
 untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
 fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
 other financial information included in this report, fairly
 present in all material respects the financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of,
 and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
 responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(e) 
 and
 15d-15(e)) 
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
 Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) 
 and
 15d-15(f)) 
 for the registrant and have:

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
 disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
 known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
 caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
 designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
 preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
 controls and procedures and presented in this report our
 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
 report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
 the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
 registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
 report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
 materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I
 have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
 control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
 of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
 design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
 which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
 other employees who have a significant role in the
 registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: February 29, 2008

By:

/s/ J.
 MICHAEL ANDERSON 

Name: J. Michael Anderson

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 15
 h54306exv32w1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

exv32w1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
 OF CEO PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 of Exterran Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the
 year ended December 31, 2007 as filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), Stephen A. Snider, as Chief Executive
 Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his
 knowledge:

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934; and

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
 material respects, the financial condition and results of
 operations of the Company.

/s/ STEPHEN
 A. SNIDER 

Name: Stephen A. Snider

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer and President

Date: February 29, 2008

A signed original of this written statement required by
 Section 906, or other document authenticating,
 acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears
 in typed form within the electronic version of this written
 statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the
 Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
 Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 16
 h54306exv32w2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

exv32w2 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION
 OF CFO PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 of Exterran Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the
 year ended December 31, 2007 as filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), J. Michael Anderson, as Chief Financial
 Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his
 knowledge:

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934; and

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
 material respects, the financial condition and results of
 operations of the Company.

/s/ J.
 MICHAEL ANDERSON 

Name: J. Michael Anderson

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

Date: February 29, 2008

A signed original of this written statement required by
 Section 906, or other document authenticating,
 acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears
 in typed form within the electronic version of this written
 statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the
 Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
 Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.2>

