<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20080225_10-K_edgar_data_1084048_0001072613-08-000558.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2535244</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>285914</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>295888</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1579986</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001072613-08-000558.hdr.sgml : 20080225
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20080222203258
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001072613-08-000558
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20071231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20080225
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20080222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			J2 GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001084048
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEGRAPH & OTHER MESSAGE COMMUNICATIONS [4822]
		IRS NUMBER:				510371142
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25965
		FILM NUMBER:		08638051

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6922 HOLLYWOOD BLVD
		STREET 2:		LEGAL DEPT - 5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90028
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3238609200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6922 HOLLYWOOD BLVD
		STREET 2:		LEGAL DEPT - 5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90028

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JFAX COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990413

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 FDcbB1dd6wDGW5S0FNE/MVSK75ER++1z2DT2lcM69MwHmIJ9CT6iQeziPrTekFFM
 qpC5KsaBkfMYuZsPs50cZA==

 0001072613-08-000558.txt : 20080225

10-K
 1
 form10-k_15746.htm
 FORM 10-K DATED DECEMBER 31, 2007

WWW.EXFILE.COM, INC. -- 888-775-4789 -- J2 GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS, INC. -- FORM 10-K 

UNITED
 STATES 

 SECURITIES
 AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
 D.C. 20549 

FORM
 10-K 

x 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
 ACT OF
 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
 ACT OF
 1934 

For
 the transition period from 
 to 

Commission
 File Number: 0-25965 

j2
 GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 

 (Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 

51-0371142 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

6922
 Hollywood Boulevard, Suite 500, Los Angeles, California 90028, (323)
 860-9200 

 (Address
 and telephone number of principal executive offices) 

Securities
 registered pursuant to
 Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 None 

Securities
 registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 Common
 Stock, 0.01 par value 

 (Title
 of
 class) 

Indicate
 by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined
 in
 Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes
 No
 x 

Indicate
 by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to
 Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes
 No
 x 

Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to
 be
 filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
 the
 preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
 to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
 for
 the past 90 days. 

 Yes x 
 No 

Indicate
 by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of
 Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
 of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
 incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to
 this
 Form 10-K. x 

Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
 accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
 See
 the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer and small
 reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
 one): 

Large
 accelerated filer x 
 Accelerated filer
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting
 company 

Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No x 

As
 of the
 last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal
 quarter, the approximate aggregate market value of the common stock held
 by
 non-affiliates, based upon the closing price of the common stock as quoted
 by
 the NASDAQ Global Select Market was 1,028,905,537. Shares of common stock
 held
 by executive officers, directors and holders of more than 5 of the outstanding
 common stock have been excluded. This determination of affiliate status is
 not
 necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

As
 of
 February 13, 2008, the registrant had 48,668,458 shares of common stock
 outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
 INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Portions
 of the definitive Proxy Statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection
 with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 1, 2008 are incorporated
 by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

This
 Annual Report on Form 10-K includes 72 pages with the Index to Exhibits
 located on page 63. 

TABLE
 OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I. 

Page 

Item
 1. 

Business 

3 

Item
 1A. 

Risk
 Factors 

8 

Item
 1B. 

Unresolved
 Staff Comments 

18 

Item
 2. 

Properties 

19 

Item
 3. 

Legal
 Proceedings 

19 

Item
 4. 

Submission
 of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

20 

PART
 II. 

Item
 5. 

Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
 Purchases of Equity Securities 

21 

Item
 6. 

Selected
 Financial Data 

24 

Item
 7. 

Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations 

24 

Item
 7A. 

Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

34 

Item
 8. 

Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 

35 

Item
 9. 

Changes
 In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
 Disclosure 

60 

Item
 9A. 

Controls
 and Procedures 

60 

Item
 9B. 

Other
 Information 

61 

PART
 III. 

Item
 10. 

Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

62 

Item
 11. 

Executive
 Compensation 

62 

Item
 12. 

Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
 Stockholder Matters 

62 

Item
 13. 

Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
 Independence 

62 

Item
 14. 

Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 

62 

PART
 IV. 

Item
 15. 

Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 

63 

2 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. Business 

Company
 Overview 

j2
 Global
 Communications, Inc. j2 Global , our , us or we is a Delaware
 corporation founded in 1995. By leveraging the power of the Internet, we provide
 outsourced, value-added messaging and communications services to individuals
 and
 businesses throughout the world. We offer fax, voicemail, email and call
 handling services and bundled suites of certain of these services. We market
 our
 services principally under the brand names eFax ,
 eFax
 Corporate ,
 eFaxDeveloper TM ,
 Fax.com TM ,
 Send2Fax ,
 eFax
 Broadcast TM ,
 jBlast ,
 jConnect ,
 Onebox ,
 Onebox
 Receptionist TM ,
 RapidFAX TM ,
 eVoice ,
 eVoice
 Receptionist TM ,
 YAC 
 and
 Electric
 Mail .

We
 deliver many of our services through our global telephony/Internet Protocol
 IP network, which spans more than 3,000 cities in 42 countries across five
 continents. We have created this network, and continuously seek to expand it,
 through negotiating with U.S. and foreign telecommunications and co-location
 providers for telephone numbers (also referred to as Direct Inward Dial numbers
 or DIDs ), Internet bandwidth and co-location space for our equipment. We
 maintain and seek to grow an inventory of telephone numbers to be assigned
 to
 new customers. Most of these numbers are local (as opposed to toll-free),
 which enables us to provide our paying subscribers telephone numbers with a
 geographic identity. In addition to growing our business internally, we have
 used small acquisitions to grow our customer base, enhance our technology and
 acquire skilled personnel. 

Our
 core
 services include fax, voicemail, email and call handling, as well as bundled
 suites of certain of these services. These are business services that make
 our
 customers more efficient, more mobile, more cost-effective and more secure
 than
 traditional alternatives. We generate substantially all of our revenues from
 subscribers that pay activation, subscription and usage fees. Activation and
 subscription fees are referred to as fixed revenues, while usage fees are
 referred to as variable revenues. We also generate revenues
 from patent licensing fees, advertising and revenue share from our customers 
use of premium rate telephone numbers. Of the nearly 12.0 million telephone
 numbers deployed as of December 31, 2007, more than one million were serving
 paying subscribers, with the balance deployed to free subscribers, including
 those with premium rate telephone numbers. We operate in one reportable segment:
 value-added messaging and communications services, which provides for the
 delivery of fax, voicemail and email messages and communications via the
 telephone and/or Internet networks. 

During
 the past three years, we have derived a substantial portion of our revenues
 from
 our DID-based services, including eFax , Onebox ,
 Onebox
 Receptionist, eVoice and eVoice
 Receptionist . As a result, we believe that paying DIDs and the revenues
 associated therewith are an important metric for understanding our business.
 It
 has been and continues to be our objective to increase the number of paying
 DIDs
 through a variety of distribution channels and marketing arrangements and
 by
 enhancing our brand awareness. In addition, we seek to increase revenues
 through
 a combination of stimulating use by our customers of usage-based services,
 introducing new services and instituting appropriate price increases to our
 fixed monthly subscription and other fees. 

We
 market
 our services to a broad spectrum of prospective customers including individuals,
 small to medium-sized businesses and large enterprises and government
 organizations. Our marketing efforts include enhancing brand awareness;
 utilizing online advertising through Internet portals, Internet service
 providers ISPs ), search engines and affiliate programs; and selling through
 both a telesales and direct sales force. Currently, we have seven primary
 methods by which we acquire paying subscribers: (i) selling direct through
 our
 Websites such as www.efax.com, www.j2.com, www.onebox.com, www.evoice.com and
 www.evoicereceptionist.com; (ii) attracting direct paying individual subscribers
 through various Internet portals, ISPs, search engines and affiliate programs;
 (iii) promoting our solutions to small to mid-sized businesses through our
 www.efaxcorporate.com, www.oneboxreceptionist.com and www.evoicereceptionist.com
 Websites assisted by in-house sales representatives; (iv) converting a portion
 of our free base of customers to a paid solution; (v) selling our solutions
 to
 large enterprises and governmental organizations through our direct sales force;
 (vi) attracting international individual and business customers through our
 international Websites and direct sales force; and (vii) offering additional
 services to our existing customers. We continuously seek to extend the number
 of
 distribution channels through which we acquire paying customers and improve
 the
 cost and volume of customers obtained through our current channels. 

In
 addition to growing our business organically, we have used small acquisitions
 to
 grow our customer base, enhance our technology and acquire skilled personnel.
 During 2007 we completed two acquisitions: we purchased YAC Limited, an
 Ireland-based provider of messaging services primarily providing services
 in the
 United Kingdom, and we purchased the RapidFAX business of Easylink Services
 International Corporation, including its customer contracts, the RapidFAX trademark and
 other
 related assets. During 2006, we purchased substantially all of the assets
 and
 operations of Send2Fax, LLC, a South Carolina provider of Internet fax
 services. 

Through
 a
 combination of internal technology development and acquisitions, we have built
 a
 patent portfolio consisting of 56 

3 

issued
 U.S. and foreign patents and numerous pending U.S. and foreign patent
 applications. We generate licensing revenues from some of these patents. We
 intend to continue to invest in patents, to aggressively protect our patent
 assets from unauthorized use and to continue to generate patent licensing
 revenues from authorized users. For more information on our patents and other
 intellectual property, please refer to the section entitled Patents and
 Proprietary Rights contained in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form
 10-K. 

Our
 Solutions 

We
 believe businesses and individuals are increasingly outsourcing their
 communication and messaging needs. Their goal is to reduce or eliminate costs
 while also enhancing the security of transmissions and user efficiency. Our
 core
 eFax solution enables
 users to receive faxes into their email inboxes. Our core eVoice Receptionist and Onebox
 Receptionist solutions
 provide customers a virtual receptionist with various available enhancements.
 These services represent more efficient and less expensive solutions than many
 existing alternatives, and provide for increased security, privacy and message
 handling flexibility (e.g., the ability to store messages electronically and
 forward them by simply forwarding an email). 

We
 currently offer integrated solutions designed to replace or augment individual
 and corporate messaging and communication services. We tailor our solutions
 to
 satisfy the differing needs of our customers. Our paid services allow a
 subscriber to select a local telephone number from among approximately 3,000
 cities around the world. Toll-free U.S. and Canadian telephone numbers are
 also
 available, as are premium rate numbers in various countries in Western Europe.
 Our services also enable our customers to scale up or down, on a variable cost
 basis, the amount of messaging they may require to accommodate their changing
 business needs. In addition, our services enhance the ability of businesses
 to
 provide messaging services to their remote workforces, increase their level
 of
 information security and control and allocate costs more
 effectively. 

We
 offer
 the following services and solutions: 

Fax
 Mail 

eFax
 offers
 desktop faxing
 services. Various tiers of service provide increasing levels of features and
 functionality. Our eFax
 Free 
 service
 is our limited use, advertising-supported introductory offering, which assigns
 the subscriber a unique randomly selected telephone number that enables the
 user
 to receive a limited number of faxes into his or her personal email inbox and
 to
 access these messages via a Web-based email interface. In exchange, the
 subscriber agrees to receive and open email advertising, which we distribute
 on
 a consistent basis. In various countries in Western Europe, we also offer
 premium rate telephone numbers at no charge to our subscribers. Our eFax Plus 
 and
 eFax Pro TM 
 services allow a subscriber to choose either a toll-free telephone number that
 covers both the U.S. and Canada or a local telephone number in one of
 approximately 3,000 cities worldwide. This service level enables subscribers
 to
 receive inbound fax messages in their email inboxes, access these messages
 via a
 full-featured Web-based email interface and send digital documents to any fax
 number in the world directly from their desktops. This service offering is
 also
 localized in many international currencies and languages, including Dutch,
 French, German, Italian, Polish, Portuguese and Spanish. 

eFax
 Corporate offers
 capabilities similar to those offered by eFax Plus and eFax
 Pro , but with added
 features and tools geared towards enterprises and their users. For example,
 we
 provide our corporate customers a Web browser-based account administration
 interface, which enables them to provision telephone numbers to employees,
 as
 needed, without contacting our account representatives. eFax Corporate also offers
 the option of enhanced security features, which are particularly attractive
 to
 law firms and companies in regulated industries such as banking, brokerage
 and
 healthcare. 

eFaxDeveloper 
 offers
 high-volume, production fax solutions. Designed for quick and simple integration
 with application environments, eFaxDeveloper provides
 inbound and outbound fax services through a secure XML interface. Enhanced
 features such as bar-code recognition, dynamic retries, and high speed
 transmission are included and accessible 24/7/365. Robust fax capabilities
 can
 easily be implemented through simple Java and .NET SDKs, or through a Universal
 web post solution. It provides the scaling power of an outside fax service
 with
 the flexibility of an internal server without requiring additional equipment,
 supplies or expertise. 

Fax.com,
 RapidFAX and
 Send2Fax are alternative desktop faxing solutions that are offered under
 a variety of pricing plans geared primarily toward the individual or small
 business user. 

eFax
 Broadcast and jBlast offer cost-effective
 solutions for high-volume outbound faxing. These services enable users to send
 important documents simultaneously to hundreds or thousands of recipients
 anywhere in the world. Customers do not need special computer equipment,
 expensive fax boards or multiple phone lines. These services also enable
 customers to accurately monitor the status of their faxes and update their
 database of Do Not Fax names and undeliverable fax numbers. 

Unified
 Communications 

jConnect offers
 two levels of
 service. jConnect
 Free 
 is j2
 Global s limited use, advertising-supported introductory offering, 
 which
 assigns each subscriber a unique randomly selected telephone number that
 enables
 the user to receive a limited number of faxes and voicemails into his or
 her
 personal email inbox and to access these messages via a Web-based email
 interface. In exchange, the customer agrees to receive and open email
 advertising, 

4 

which
 we
 distribute on a consistent basis. jConnect Premier 
 allows
 the subscriber to choose either a toll-free U.S. and Canadian telephone
 number
 or a local telephone number in one of approximately 3,000 cities worldwide.
 This
 service level enables subscribers to receive inbound fax and voicemail
 messages
 in their email inboxes, access these messages via a full-featured Web-based
 email interface and send digital documents to any fax number in the world
 directly from their desktops. jConnect Premier subscribers
 also have the ability to access all messages, including email, from any
 touch-tone telephone and have access to the jConnect telephone or Web-initiated
 sixteen-party conference calling solution. 

Onebox is
 a
 full-featured suite of unified communications services, including email,
 voicemail, fax and find me/follow me. Onebox offers three levels
 of
 service, all paid, ranging from the basic Onebox Unified Messaging 
 suite of services which provides the subscriber a unique toll-free number and
 enables him or her to receive voicemail messages or faxes via email or access
 them by telephone; to send, receive or reply to faxes or voicemail messages
 online or by telephone; and to store faxes and email messages online to the
 Onebox Receptionist
 suite of services,
 which provides the subscriber a virtual PBX in
 addition to the features available under the other service
 tiers. 

Voice 

eVoice is
 an Internet voicemail answering service that delivers a subscriber s voicemail
 messages to their email inbox. Like eFax Free and jConnect
 Free, eVoice Free TM is
 j2 Global s
 advertising-supported introductory offering. Each subscriber is given a unique
 randomly assigned telephone number, which enables them to receive a limited
 number of voicemail messages via email and to access these messages via a
 Web-based email interface. With eVoice Plus TM ,
 the
 subscriber may choose either a toll-free U.S. and Canadian telephone number
 or a local telephone number in one of approximately 3,000 cities worldwide,
 from
 which the subscriber can access his or her voicemail messages via a
 full-featured Web-based email interface or via telephone and receive text
 message notifications upon receipt of new messages. 

eVoice
 Receptionist TM 
 and
 Onebox TM 
 Receptionist are virtual PBX
 solutions that provide small and medium-sized businesses on-demand voice
 communications services, featuring a toll-free company telephone number,
 a
 professionally-produced auto-attendant and menu tree. With these services,
 a
 subscriber can also assign departmental and individual extensions that can
 connect to any U.S. or Canadian telephone number, including traditional
 land-line telephones as well as mobile and IP networks. These services also
 include advanced integrated voicemail for each extension, effectively unifying
 mobile, office and other separate voicemail services. 

YAC 
 offers
 on demand, communication solution services to individuals, small and
 medium-sized businesses, and large enterprises. These services include a
 range
 of call management solutions that provide re-direction, customer greeting,
 call
 queuing/call waiting and routing functionality. 

Email 

Electric
 Mail 
 is an
 outsourced hosted email service we offer to businesses. From its Electric WebMail TM ,
 E-mmunity TM 
 virus
 scanning and SpamSMART TM 
 SPAM
 filtering to professional consulting and needs analysis, Electric Mail develops and
 delivers customized email and perimeter protection solutions that can be
 hosted
 offsite or installed at a customer site with seamless integration into a
 customer's existing email systems. In November 2006, we launched VaultSMART TM 
 and
 PolicySMART TM ,
 unique
 new email archiving service, as part of our Electric Mail service
 offering. VaultSmart 
 delivers the enterprise-class advantages of a secure, scalable email archive
 and
 customizable compliance tools to correspond to a company s records retention
 policy. 

Global
 Network and Operations 

We
 have
 multiple physical Points of Presence POPS worldwide, a central data center
 in Los Angeles and a remote disaster recovery facility. We connect our POPS
 to
 our central data centers via redundant, and often times diverse, Virtual Private
 Networks VPNs using the Internet. Our network is designed to deliver
 value-added user applications, customer support, billing and a local presence
 in
 over 3,000 cities in 42 countries on five continents. Our network covers all
 major metropolitan areas in the U.S., U.K., Canada and Germany and such other
 major cities as Hong Kong, London, Madrid, Manila, Mexico City, Milan, Paris,
 Rome, Singapore, Sydney, Taipei, Tokyo and Zurich. For financial information
 about geographic areas, see Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We
 obtain
 telephone numbers from various local carriers throughout the U.S. and
 internationally. Our ability to continue to acquire additional quantities of
 telephone numbers in desired locations in the future will depend on our
 relationships with our local carriers, our ability to pay market prices for
 such
 telephone numbers, a continuing growth in alternate providers and the regulatory
 environment. Please refer to the sections entitled Government Regulation and
 Risk Factors contained in Item 1 and 1A, respectively, of this Annual Report
 on Form 10-K. 

5 

Customer
 Support Services 

Our
 Customer Service organization provides support to our customers through a
 combination of online self-help, email messages, interactive chat sessions
 and
 telephone calls. Our Internet-based online self-help tools enable customers
 to
 resolve simple issues on their own, eliminating the need to speak or write
 to
 our customer service representatives. We provide email support seven days per
 week, 24 hours per day to all subscribers. We use internal personnel and
 contracted third parties (on a dedicated personnel basis) to answer our customer
 emails and telephone calls and to participate in interactive chat sessions.
 Paying subscribers have access to live-operator telephone support 15 hours
 per
 day on business days. Dedicated telephone support is provided for Corporate
 customers 24 hours per day, seven days per week. 

Competition 

Competition
 in the outsourced, value-added messaging and communications space is fierce
 and
 continues to intensify. We face competition from, among others, fax-to-email
 providers, broadcast fax companies, traditional fax machine or multi-function
 printer companies, unified messaging/communications providers, telephone
 companies, voicemail providers, companies offering PBX systems and outsourced
 PBX solutions and email providers. We believe that the primary competitive
 factors determining success in the market for value-added messaging and
 communications services include pricing, reputation for reliability and security
 of service, intellectual property ownership, effectiveness of customer support,
 service and software ease-of-use, service scalability, customer messaging and
 branding, geographic coverage, scope of services and local language sales,
 messaging and support. 

Our
 most
 popular solutions relate to faxing, including the ability to deliver faxes
 to
 our customers via email and our outbound desktop faxing capabilities. These
 solutions compete primarily against traditional fax machine manufacturers,
 which
 are generally large and well established companies, providers of fax servers
 and
 related software, such as Captaris, Inc., as well as publicly traded and
 privately-held application service providers, such as Premiere Global Services,
 Inc. (formerly PTEK Holdings Inc.) and Easylink Services International
 Corporation (formerly Easylink Services Corporation). Some of these companies
 may have greater financial and other resources than we do. For more information
 regarding the competition that we face, please refer to the section entitled
 Risk Factors contained in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form
 10-K. 

Patents
 and Proprietary Rights 

We
 regard
 the protection of our intellectual property rights as important to our success.
 We aggressively protect these rights by relying on a combination of patents,
 trademarks, copyrights, trade dress and trade secret laws and by using the
 domain name dispute resolution system. We also enter into confidentiality and
 invention assignment agreements with employees and contractors, and
 nondisclosure agreements with parties with whom we conduct business in order
 to
 limit access to and disclosure of our proprietary information. 

We
 have a
 portfolio of 56 issued U.S. and foreign patents and have numerous pending U.S.
 and foreign patent applications, all covering components of our technology
 and
 in some cases technologies beyond those that we currently offer. We seek patents
 for inventions that contribute to our business and technology strategy. We
 have
 obtained patent licenses for certain technologies where such licenses are
 necessary or advantageous. Unless and until patents are issued on the pending
 applications, no patent rights on those applications can be
 enforced. 

Over
 the
 past three years we have generated royalties from licensing certain of our
 patents and have enforced these patents against companies using our patented
 technology without our permission. We have pending patent infringement lawsuits
 against several companies. In each case, we are seeking at least a reasonable
 royalty for the infringement of the patent(s) in suit, a permanent injunction
 against continued infringement and attorneys fees, interest and costs. Some of
 these cases have been stayed due to pending re-examination proceedings on
 certain of our U.S. patents with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, and
 others continue to proceed forward. 

We
 own
 and use a number of trademarks in connection with our products and services,
 including eFax and the eFax logo, jConnect, j2 and the j2 logo, eFax Corporate,
 Onebox and the Onebox logo, Onebox Receptionist, Electric Mail and the Electric
 Mail logo, eVoice and the eVoice logo, eVoice Receptionist, Send2Fax, YAC,
 PumaOne, RapidFAX, jBlast, PaperMaster and Email-By-Phone, among others.
 Many of
 these trademarks are registered in the U.S. and other countries, and numerous
 trademark applications are pending in the U.S. and several non-U.S.
 jurisdictions. We hold numerous Internet domain names, including efax.com ,
 jconnect.com , fax.com , j2.com , j2global.com , onebox.com ,
 electricmail.com , efaxcorporate.com and evoice.com , among others. We have
 in place an active program to continue securing eFax and other domain names in
 non-U.S. jurisdictions. We have filed to protect our rights to the eFax 
and other names in certain new top-level domains such as .biz , .info and
 .us that have become operational more recently. 

6 

Like
 other technology-based businesses, we face the risk that we will be unable
 to
 protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, and the
 risk that we will be found to have infringed the proprietary rights of others.
 For more information regarding these risks, please refer to the section entitled
 Risk Factors contained in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form
 10-K.

Government
 Regulation 

As
 our
 services relate principally to the Internet and telecommunications, we are
 subject to a number of international, federal, state and local laws and
 regulations addressing issues such as privacy, data protection, freedom of
 expression, indecency, obscenity, defamation, libel, pricing, online products
 and services, taxation, content, advertising, copyrights and other intellectual
 property, information security and technological convergence. The nature of
 any
 related new laws and regulations and the manner in which existing and new laws
 and regulations may be interpreted and enforced cannot be predicted with
 certainty. 

We
 provide our services through data transmissions over public telephone lines
 and
 other facilities provided by telecommunications companies carriers ). These
 transmissions and carriers are subject to regulation by the U.S. Federal
 Communications Commission FCC ), state public utility commissions and foreign
 governmental authorities. However, as an Internet messaging services provider,
 we are generally not subject to direct regulation by any governmental agency
 in
 the U.S., other than regulations applicable to businesses generally. This is
 not
 the case in some international locations. Nevertheless, as Internet services
 and
 telecommunications services converge or the services we offer expand, we may
 face increased regulation of our business. For example, the FCC has initiated
 several proceedings to examine regulations regarding the delivery of broadband
 services in the U.S., the outcomes of which may affect the regulatory
 requirements for the transmission of services such as those we provide. The
 FCC
 is also reviewing the system for inter-carrier compensation that may affect
 the
 prices we pay for telephone number acquisition, transmission and switching
 services, while continued regulation of competition in the telecommunications
 industry may have an indirect effect on our services. 

Continued
 regulation arising from telephone number administration may also make it more
 difficult for us to obtain necessary numbering resources. For example, in the
 U.S., the FCC allows states to petition for authority to adopt specialized
 area
 codes, including area codes that would include specific technologies like those
 we offer. We have sought reconsideration from the FCC of this decision, and
 the
 outcome of this proceeding could affect our ability to offer services in
 competition with incumbents. While our petition has been pending, California
 and
 Connecticut have requested authority to adopt special area codes that would
 include unified messaging. The FCC conditionally granted Connecticut s petition
 in 2003, but the state has not yet adopted a specialized code. The FCC granted
 California s petition with fewer conditions. We opposed California s request for
 this authority and are now participating in the reconsideration stage of the
 FCC
 proceeding. Whether other states apply for and implement specialized area codes
 could affect our ability to compete in those states. Similar regulation has
 occurred internationally and may continue to be enacted in additional locations
 in the future. 

The
 FCC
 is also examining inter-carrier compensation for calls to ISPs, which could
 affect ISPs costs and consequently substantially increase the costs of
 communicating via the Internet. This increase in costs could slow the growth
 of
 Internet use, decrease the demand for our services and increase our costs.
 However, Internet users are rapidly migrating to other methods of Internet
 access, such as cable broadband, thereby mitigating the concern that additional
 costs applied to ISPs will have a significant impact on our
 services. 

In
 addition, Congress and the FCC have initiated a review of legislation and
 regulations related to the Universal Service Fund USF ), which subsidizes
 the U.S. telecommunications system. Congress and the FCC are considering
 altering the formula by which entities contribute to the USF and could impose
 a
 flat fee per telephone line to support the USF. If adopted without an exemption
 for our services, this change would alter or eliminate the provision of our
 non-paid (free advertising-supported) services, and would cause us to raise
 the
 price of our paid service. Other changes to the USF may also increase our costs
 and impact our operations. 

The
 FCC
 is authorized to take enforcement action against companies that send so-called
 junk faxes and has held numerous fax broadcasters liable for violating the
 Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 TCPA ), the Junk Fax Prevention Act
 of 2005 Junk Fax Act and related FCC rules. Individuals may also, under
 certain circumstances, have a private cause of action for violations and recover
 monetary damages for such violations. Entities that merely transmit facsimile
 messages on behalf of others may be found liable if they have a high degree
 of
 involvement in transmitting junk faxes or have actual notice of illegal junk
 fax
 transmissions and failed to take steps to prevent such transmissions. We take
 significant steps to ensure that our services are not used to transmit
 unsolicited faxes on a large scale and we do not believe that we have a high
 degree of involvement or notice of the use of our service to broadcast junk
 faxes. However, because fax transmitters do not enjoy an absolute exemption
 from
 liability under the rules, we could face FCC inquiry and enforcement, civil
 litigation, or private causes of action, which could result in financial
 penalties that could cause material adverse effects to our operations. We are
 currently involved in litigation involving alleged violations of the TCPA with
 Protus IP Solutions, Inc. For more information about this lawsuit, see
 Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Legal
 Proceedings. 

7 

E.U.
 Member States have adopted strong protections governing the use of personal
 data
 about individuals. For example, the E.U. Privacy Directive requires
 Member States to adopt legislation that prohibits the transfer of personal
 data
 from an E.U. country to a non-E.U. country that lacks adequate data protection
 laws. Because the E.U. has determined that the U.S. lacks adequate data
 protection laws, persons failing to follow certain alternative procedures
 risk
 the interruption of data flows between E.U. countries and the U.S. E.U. Member
 States have also adopted legislation restricting sending unsolicited
 communications to individuals via automatic calling machines, fax and email.
 Generally, companies must obtain prior explicit (i.e., opt-in) consent before
 they can contact users via this type of marketing. E.U. Member States have
 also
 adopted consumer protection legislation with respect to electronic commerce.
 Other non-U.S. legislation dealing with privacy, data protection, marketing
 and
 consumer protection could also have a direct impact on business conducted
 over
 the Internet.

Future
 developments in laws that govern online activities might inhibit the growth
 of
 the Internet, impose taxes, mandate costly technical requirements, create
 uncertainty in the market or otherwise have an adverse effect on the Internet.
 There is also substantial uncertainty as to the applicability to the Internet
 of
 laws governing issues such as property ownership, fraud, tort, copyrights and
 other intellectual property issues, taxation, defamation, obscenity and privacy,
 which did not contemplate the existence of the Internet. These developments
 could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects,
 financial condition and results of operations. Also uncertain is the impact
 of
 foreign legal developments regarding jurisdiction and choice of law for cases
 involving Internet-based activities. 

Seasonality
 and Backlog 

Our
 subscriber revenues are impacted by the number of effective business days in
 a
 given period. For example, we believe that we experience fewer subscriber
 sign-ups and less usage-based revenues during the fourth-quarter holiday
 season. 

We
 experience no material backlog in sales orders or the provisioning of customer
 orders. 

Research
 and Development 

The
 markets for our services are evolving rapidly, requiring ongoing expenditures
 for research and development and timely introduction of new services and service
 enhancements. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to enhance
 our current services, to respond effectively to technological changes, to sell
 additional services to our existing customer base and to introduce new services
 and technologies that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our
 customers. 

We
 devote
 significant resources to the development of enhancements to our existing
 services and to introduce new services. Our research, development and
 engineering expenditures were approximately 11.8 million, 8.8 million and
 7.1
 million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005,
 respectively. For more information regarding the technological risks that we
 face, please refer to the section entitled Risk Factors contained in Item 1A
 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Employees 

As
 of
 December 31, 2007, we employed a total of 410 employees, the majority of whom
 are in the U.S. 

Our
 future success will depend, in part, on our ability to continue to attract,
 retain and motivate highly qualified technical, marketing and management
 personnel. Our employees are not represented by any collective bargaining unit
 or agreement. We have never experienced a work stoppage. We believe our
 relationship with our employees is good. 

Web
 Availability of Reports 

Our
 corporate information Website is www.j2global.com. The information on our
 Website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. However, on the Investor
 Relations portion of this Website the public can access free of charge our
 annual, quarterly and current reports, changes in the stock ownership of
 our
 directors and executive officers and other documents filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission SEC as soon as reasonably practicable after the
 filing dates. Further, the SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports,
 proxy and information statements and other information regarding our filings
 at
 www.sec.gov. 

Item
 1A. Risk Factors 

Before
 deciding to invest in j2 Global or to maintain or increase your investment,
 you
 should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other
 cautionary statements and risks described elsewhere, and the other information
 contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with
 the
 SEC, including our subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. The risks and
 uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks
 and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial
 also may affect our business. If any of these known or unknown risks or
 uncertainties actually occurs, our business, prospects, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In
 that
 event, the market price of our common stock will likely decline and you may
 lose
 part or all of your investment. 

8 

Risks
 Related To Our Business 

In
 order to sustain our growth, we must continue to attract new paid subscribers
 at
 a greater rate and with at least an equal amount of revenues per subscriber
 than
 we lose existing paid subscribers. 

We
 may
 not be able to continue to grow or even sustain our current base of paid
 customers on a quarterly or annual basis. Our future success depends heavily
 on
 the continued growth of our paid user base. In order to sustain our growth
 we
 must continuously obtain an increasing number of paid users to replace the
 users
 who cancel their service. In addition, these new users must provide revenue
 levels per subscriber that are greater than or equal to the levels of our
 current customers or the customers they are replacing. We must also retain
 our
 existing customers while continuing to attract new ones at desirable costs.
 We
 cannot be certain that our continuous efforts to offer high quality services
 at
 attractive prices will be sufficient to retain our customer base or attract
 new
 customers at rates sufficient to offset customers who cancel their service.
 In
 addition, we believe that competition from companies providing similar or
 alternative services has caused, and may continue to cause, some of our
 customers or prospective customers to sign up with or to switch to our
 competitors services. These factors may adversely affect our customer retention
 rates, the number of our new customer acquisitions and/or their usage levels.
 Any combination of a decline in our rate of new customer sign-ups, decline
 in
 usage rates of our customers, decline in customer retention rates or decline
 in
 the size of our overall customer base may result in a decrease in our revenues,
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flows. 

Weakness
 in the financial markets and in the economy as a whole has adversely affected
 and may continue to adversely affect segments of our customers, which has
 resulted and may continue to result in decreased usage levels, customer
 acquisitions and customer retention rates and, in turn, could lead to a decrease
 in our revenues or rate of revenue growth. 

Certain
 segments of our customers - those whose business activity is tied to the health
 of the credit markets and the broader economy, such as banks, brokerage firms
 and those in the real estate industry - have been and may continue to be
 adversely affected by the current turmoil in the credit markets and weakness
 in
 the broader mortgage market and the general economy. To the extent our
 customers businesses have been adversely affected by these economic factors and
 their usage levels of our services decline, we have and may continue to
 experience a decrease in our average usage per subscriber and, therefore, a
 decrease in our average variable revenue per subscriber. In addition,
 continued weakness in the economy has adversely affected and may continue to
 adversely affect our customer retention rates and the number of our new customer
 acquisitions. These factors have adversely impacted, and may continue to
 adversely impact, our revenues and rate of revenue growth. 

Our
 financial results may be adversely impacted by higher-than-expected tax rates
 or
 exposure to additional income tax liabilities. 

We
 are a
 U.S.-based multinational company subject to tax in multiple U.S. and foreign
 tax
 jurisdictions. Our provision for income taxes is based on jurisdictional
 mix of
 earnings, statutory rates and enacted tax rules, including transfer pricing.
 Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income
 taxes
 and in evaluating our tax positions on a worldwide basis. It is possible
 that
 these positions may be challenged or we may find tax-beneficial intercompany
 transactions to be uneconomical, either of which may have a significant impact
 on our effective tax rate. 

A
 number
 of factors affect our income tax rate and the combined effect of these factors
 could result in an increase in our effective income tax rate. An increase
 in
 future effective income tax rates would adversely affect net income in future
 periods. We operate in different countries that have different income tax
 rates.
 Effective tax rates could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than
 anticipated in countries having lower statutory rates and higher than
 anticipated in countries having higher statutory rates, by changes in the
 valuation of deferred tax assets or liabilities or by changes in tax laws
 or
 interpretations thereof. 

Effective
 January 1, 2007, we adopted the provisions of FASB Interpretation
 No. 48, Accounting
 for Uncertainty in Income Taxes an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109
 FIN 48 ). FIN
 48 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes by creating
 a
 framework for how companies should recognize, measure, present and disclose
 in
 their financial statements uncertain tax positions that they have taken
 or
 expect to take in a tax return. We consider many factors when evaluating
 and estimating our tax positions and tax benefits, which may require
 periodic
 adjustments and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes (see
 Note 8
 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere
 in this
 Annual Report on Form 10-K). 

We
 are also exposed to risks related to the
 effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates,
 and we
 may be subject to incremental taxes upon repatriation of funds. While we
 carefully watch and attempt to manage these exposures, these types of changes
 can have a material adverse effect on our business . 

9 

In
 addition, we are subject to examination of our income tax returns by
 the U.S.
 Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We are currently
 under audit
 by the Internal Revenue Service for the 2005 tax year (see Note 8 of
 the Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual
 Report on
 Form 10-K). We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting
 from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our income tax reserves
 and
 expense. If our reserves are not sufficient to cover these contingencies,
 such
 inadequacy could materially adversely affect our business, prospects,
 financial
 condition, operating results and cash flows. 

A
 system failure or breach of system or network security could delay or interrupt
 service to our customers, harm our reputation or subject us to significant
 liability. 

Our
 operations are dependent on our ability to protect our network from interruption
 by damage from fire, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications failure,
 unauthorized entry, computer viruses or other events beyond our control. There
 can be no assurance that our existing and planned precautions of backup systems,
 regular data backups, security protocols and other procedures will be adequate
 to prevent significant damage, system failure or data loss. Also, despite the
 implementation of security measures, our infrastructure may be vulnerable to
 computer viruses, hackers or similar disruptive problems caused by our
 subscribers, employees or other Internet users who attempt to invade public
 and
 private data networks. Any damage, system failure or security breach that causes
 interruptions or data loss in our operations or in the computer systems of
 our
 customers or leads to the misappropriation of our customers confidential
 information could result in significant liability to us, cause considerable
 harm
 to our reputation and deter current and potential customers from using our
 services. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, prospects, financial condition, operating results and cash
 flows. 

Our
 security measures may not prevent security breaches that could harm our
 business. Currently, a significant number of our users authorize us to
 bill
 their credit card accounts directly for all transaction fees charged
 by us. We
 rely on encryption and authentication technology to effect secure transmission
 of confidential information, including customer credit card numbers.
 Advances in
 computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or
 other
 developments may result in a compromise or breach of the technology used
 by us
 to protect transaction data. Any compromise of our security could harm
 our
 reputation and, therefore, our business, and also subject us to significant
 liability. In addition, a party who is able to circumvent our security
 measures
 could misappropriate proprietary information, cause interruptions in
 our
 operations, damage our computers or those of our users or otherwise damage
 our
 reputation and business. 

Our
 business is dependent on a small number of telecommunications carriers in each
 region and our inability to maintain agreements at attractive rates with such
 carriers may negatively impact our business. 

Our
 business substantially depends on the capacity, affordability, reliability
 and
 security of our telecommunications networks. Only a small number of carriers
 in
 each region, and in some cases only one carrier, offer the telephone number
 and
 network services we require. Certain of our telecommunications services are
 provided pursuant to short-term agreements that the providers can terminate
 or
 elect not to renew. As a result, any or all of our current carriers could
 discontinue providing us with service at rates acceptable to us, or at all,
 and
 we may not be able to obtain adequate replacements, which could materially
 and
 adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results
 and cash flows. 

General
 market forces, the failure of providers, regulatory issues and other factors
 could result in increased telecommunications costs, which would in turn increase
 the cost of providing our services. If significant, these increases could
 materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flows. 

Increased
 cost of email transmissions could have a material adverse effect on our
 business. 

We
 rely
 on email for the delivery of our fax and voicemail messages. In addition,
 we
 derive some advertising revenues through the delivery of email messages to
 our
 free subscribers and we regularly communicate with our subscribers via email.
 If
 regulations or other changes in the industry lead to a charge associated
 with
 the sending or receiving of email or voicemail messages, the cost of providing
 our services would increase and, if significant, could materially adversely
 affect our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results and
 cash
 flows. 

If
 we experience excessive fraudulent credit card charges or cannot meet evolving
 credit card company merchant standards, we could lose the right to accept
 credit
 cards for payment and our subscriber base could decrease
 significantly. 

A
 significant number of our paid subscribers authorize us to bill their credit
 card accounts directly for all service fees charged by us. We incur losses
 from
 claims that the customer did not authorize the credit card transaction to
 purchase our service. If the numbers of unauthorized credit card transactions
 become excessive, we could be assessed substantial fines for excess chargebacks
 and we could lose the right to accept credit cards for payment. In addition,
 credit card companies may change the merchant standards 

10 

required
 to utilize their services from time to time. If we are unable to meet these
 new
 standards, we could be unable to accept credit cards. Our inability to accept
 credit card payments could cause our paid subscriber base to significantly
 decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects,
 financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

Our
 business could suffer if we cannot obtain or retain telephone numbers, are
 prohibited from obtaining local numbers or are limited to distributing local
 numbers to only certain customers. 

Our
 future success depends on our ability to procure large quantities of local
 telephone numbers in the U.S. and foreign countries
 in desirable locations at a reasonable cost and offer our services to our
 prospective customers without restrictions. Our ability to procure and
 distribute telephone numbers depends on factors such as applicable regulations,
 the practices of telecommunications carriers that provide telephone numbers,
 the
 cost of these telephone numbers and the level of demand for new telephone
 numbers. In addition, although we are the customer of record for all of our
 U.S.
 telephone numbers, from time to time, certain U.S. telephone carriers illegally
 port our telephone numbers away from us to other carriers . Also, in some foreign
 jurisdictions, under certain circumstances, our customers are permitted to
 port
 their telephone numbers to another carrier. These factors could lead to
 increased cancellations by our customers and loss of our telephone number
 inventory. Failure to obtain telephone numbers in a timely and cost-effective
 manner, increased porting away of our telephone numbers or regulatory
 restrictions on our ability to market our services without restriction may
 have
 a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition,
 operating results, cash flows and growth in or entry into foreign or domestic
 markets. 

For
 example, in the U.S., the FCC has adopted an order that permits states to apply
 to the FCC for delegated authority to implement specialized area codes that
 would segregate services, which may include unified messaging and other
 services that the FCC perceives as being geographically insensitive, into
 unique area codes. We have petitioned the FCC for reconsideration of this
 decision, which remains pending. The outcome of this petition may reduce demand
 by our customers or prospective customers for new DIDs in the affected areas,
 if
 it restricts us from obtaining telephone numbers in area codes that are
 generally perceived as local by consumers. Two states, Connecticut and
 California, have petitioned the FCC for such authority. The FCC conditionally
 granted Connecticut s petition in 2003, but the state has not adopted a
 specialized code. We participated in Connecticut s proceedings to attempt to
 obtain a nondiscriminatory outcome. If the state goes forward at some future
 date and adopts a specialized area code, the outcome of this proceeding could
 affect our ability to compete in the state. The FCC granted California s
 petition with fewer conditions. We are now participating in the reconsideration
 stage of that FCC decision, asking for clarification that the decision will
 not
 apply to our services. The outcome of the FCC decision and California s eventual
 implementation of it may affect our ability to obtain telephone numbers that
 are
 perceived by consumers as being local. Similar regulation has occurred in some
 international locations and may continue to be enacted in additional locations
 in the future. For instance, Germany prohibits issuing a local telephone number
 to anyone without a physical presence in the area associated with a local area
 code. If this continues, it may materially affect our ability to acquire the
 telephone numbers for our operations. 

In
 addition, future growth in our subscriber base, together with growth in the
 subscriber bases of providers of other fax and/or voicemail to email and unified
 messaging services, may increase the demand for large quantities of telephone
 numbers, which could lead to insufficient capacity and our inability to acquire
 sufficient telephone numbers to accommodate our future growth. 

Inadequate
 intellectual property protections could prevent us from enforcing or defending
 our proprietary technology. 

Our
 success depends in part upon our proprietary technology. We rely on a
 combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and contractual
 restrictions to protect our proprietary technology. However, these measures
 provide only limited protection, and we may not be able to detect unauthorized
 use or take appropriate steps to enforce our intellectual property rights,
 particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary
 rights as fully as in the U.S. While we have been issued a number of patents
 and
 other patent applications are currently pending, there can be no assurance
 that
 any of these patents will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or
 that any rights granted under these patents will in fact provide competitive
 advantages to us. 

Currently,
 three of our patents are subject to re-examination proceedings with the U.S.
 Patent and Trademark Office. The result of these proceedings could limit or
 invalidate some or all of the claims under these patents, which could require
 us
 to record an impairment of our patent asset in our consolidated financial
 statements. In that case, we would be required to record a charge to earnings
 in
 our consolidated financial statements during the period in which the impairment
 of our patent is determined. This may adversely impact our results of
 operations. 

In
 addition, effective protection of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets
 and other intellectual property may be unavailable or limited in some foreign
 countries. As a result, we may not be able to effectively prevent competitors
 in
 these regions from infringing our intellectual property rights, which could
 reduce our competitive advantage and ability to compete in those regions and
 negatively impact our business. 

Companies
 in the messaging industry have experienced substantial litigation regarding
 intellectual property. Currently, we have 

11 

pending
 patent infringement lawsuits, both offensive and defensive, against several
 companies in this industry. This or any other litigation to enforce our
 intellectual property rights may be expensive and time-consuming, could divert
 management resources and may not be adequate to protect our business. 

If
 our trademarks are not adequately protected or we are unable to protect our
 domain names, our reputation and brand could be adversely affected. 

Our
 success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our trademarks. We rely
 on
 some brands that use the letter e before a word,
 such as eFax and eVoice . Some regulators and competitors have taken the view
 that the e is descriptive. Others have claimed that these brands are generic
 when applied to the products and services we offer. If we are unable to secure
 and protect trademark rights to these or other brands, the value of these
 brands
 may be diminished, competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our
 service
 and methods of operations, the perception of our business and service to
 subscribers and potential subscribers may become confused in the marketplace
 and
 our ability to attract subscribers may be adversely affected. 

We
 currently hold various domain names relating to our brands, both in the U.S.
 and
 internationally, including efax.com and various other international extensions,
 evoice.com, fax.com, onebox.com and others. The acquisition and maintenance
 of
 domain names generally are regulated by governmental agencies and their
 designees. The regulation of domain names in the U.S. may change. Governing
 bodies may establish additional top-level domains, appoint additional domain
 name registrars or modify the requirements for holding domain names. As a
 result, we may be unable to acquire or maintain relevant domain names in
 the
 U.S. Furthermore, the relationship between regulations governing domain names
 and laws protecting trademarks and similar proprietary rights in the U.S.
 is
 unclear. Similarly, international rules governing the acquisition and
 maintenance of domain names in foreign jurisdictions are sometimes different
 from U.S. rules, and we may not be able to obtain all of our domains
 internationally. As a result of these factors, we may be unable to prevent
 third
 parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or
 otherwise decrease the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights.
 In
 addition, failure to protect our domain names domestically or internationally
 could adversely affect our reputation and brands, and make it more difficult
 for
 users to find our Websites and our services. 

Our
 growth will depend on our ability to develop our brands and market new brands,
 and these efforts may be costly. 

We
 believe that continuing to strengthen our current brands and effectively
 launch
 new brands will be critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our services,
 and will require continued focus on active marketing efforts. The demand
 for and
 cost of online and traditional advertising have been increasing and may continue
 to increase. Accordingly, we may need to spend increasing amounts of money
 on,
 and devote greater resources to, advertising, marketing and other efforts
 to
 create and maintain brand loyalty among users. In addition, we are supporting
 an
 increasing number of brands, each of which requires its own resources. Brand
 promotion activities may not yield increased revenues, and even if they do,
 any
 increased revenues may not offset the expenses incurred in building our brands.
 If we fail to promote and maintain our brands, or if we incur substantial
 expense in an unsuccessful attempt to promote and maintain our brands, our
 business could be harmed. 

We
 may be found to have infringed the intellectual property rights of others,
 which
 could expose us to substantial damages or restrict our operations. 

We
 have
 been and expect to continue to be subject to claims and legal proceedings that
 we have infringed the intellectual property rights of others. The ready
 availability of damages, royalties and the potential for injunctive relief
 has
 increased the costs associated with the litigation and settlement of patent
 infringement claims. In addition, we may be required to indemnify our resellers
 and users for similar claims made against them. Any claims against us, whether
 or not meritorious, could require us to spend significant time and money in
 litigation, pay damages, develop new intellectual property or acquire licenses
 to intellectual property that is the subject of the infringement claims. These
 licenses, if required, may not be available at all or have acceptable terms.
 As
 a result, intellectual property claims against us could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results and
 cash flows. 

The
 successful operation of our business depends upon the supply of critical
 elements and marketing relationships from other companies. 

We
 depend
 upon third parties for several critical elements of our business, including
 various technology, infrastructure, customer service and marketing components.
 We rely on private third-party providers for our Internet and telephony
 connections and for co-location of a significant portion of our communications
 servers. Any disruption in the services provided by any of these suppliers,
 or
 any failure by them to handle current or higher volumes of activity, could
 have
 a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flows. 

To
 obtain
 new customers, we have marketing agreements with operators of leading search
 engines and Websites. These 

12 

arrangements typically are not exclusive and do not extend over a
 significant period of time. Failure to continue these relationships on terms
 that are acceptable to us or to continue to create additional relationships
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flows.

Our
 business is highly dependent on our billing systems. 

A
 significant part of our revenues depends on prompt and accurate billing
 processes. Customer billing is a highly complex process, and our billing
 systems
 must efficiently interface with third-party systems, such as those of credit
 card processing companies. Our
 ability to accurately and efficiently bill our subscribers is dependent
 on the
 successful operation of our billing systems and the third-party systems
 upon
 which we rely, such as our credit card processor, and our ability to provide
 these third parties the information required to process transactions. In
 addition, our ability to offer new paid services or alternative-billing
 plans is
 dependent on our ability to customize our billing systems. We are in the
 process
 of upgrading our current billing systems to meet the needs of our growing
 subscriber base. Any failure to properly implement the upgraded systems
 or to
 manage the new systems and procedural transitions could impair our ability
 to
 properly bill our current customers or attract and service new customers.
 In
 addition, any failures or errors in our current billing systems or procedures
 or
 resulting from any upgrades to our billing systems or procedures could
 materially and adversely affect our business and financial
 results. 

Our
 failure to properly manage growth could harm our business. 

We
 have
 expanded our operations rapidly and anticipate that we will continue to grow
 and
 diversify both in the U.S. and internationally, including increasing our
 customer base, the volume of messages and communications that pass through
 our
 network, the types of services we offer and our methods of sale. This expansion
 has placed, and we expect it will continue to place, a significant strain
 on our
 management, operational and financial resources. As a result, we must expand
 and
 adapt our operational infrastructure and increase the number of our personnel
 in
 certain areas. Our business relies on our data systems, billing systems for
 our
 fee-based and other services and other operational and financial reporting
 and
 control systems. All of these systems have become increasingly complex due
 to
 the growth of our business and to acquisitions of new businesses with different
 systems. To manage further growth we will need to continue to automate, improve
 or replace our data, billing and other existing operational, customer service
 and financial systems, procedures and controls. These upgrades and improvements
 will require a dedication of resources that, in some cases, are likely to
 be
 complex. Any failure to properly implement and manage these systems and
 procedural transitions could impair our ability to attract and service
 customers, and could cause us to incur higher operating costs and delays
 in the
 execution of our business plan. If we cannot manage growth effectively, our
 business and operating results could suffer. 

Future
 acquisitions could result in dilution, operating difficulties and other harmful
 consequences. 

We
 may
 acquire or invest in additional businesses, products, services and technologies
 that complement or augment our service offerings and customer base. We cannot
 assure you that we will successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates,
 integrate disparate technologies and corporate cultures and manage a
 geographically dispersed company. Acquisitions could divert attention from
 other
 business concerns and could expose us to unforeseen liabilities. In addition,
 we
 may lose key employees while integrating any new companies. We may pay for
 some
 acquisitions by issuing additional common stock, which would dilute current
 stockholders. We may also use cash to make acquisitions. We will be required
 to
 review goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment in connection with
 past and future acquisitions, which may materially increase operating expenses
 if an impairment issue is identified. 

Our
 success depends on our retention of our executive officers, senior management
 and our ability to hire and retain additional key personnel. 

Our
 success depends on the skills, experience and performance of executive officers,
 senior management and other key personnel. The loss of the services of one
 or
 more of our executive officers, senior management or other key employees could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flows. Our future success also depends on our
 continuing ability to attract, integrate and retain highly qualified technical,
 sales and managerial personnel. Competition for these people is intense, and
 there can be no assurance that we can retain our key employees or that we can
 attract, assimilate or retain other highly qualified technical, sales and
 managerial personnel in the future. 

We
 may be subject to risks from international operations. 

As
 we
 continue to expand our business operations in countries outside the U.S., our
 future results could be materially adversely affected by a variety of
 uncontrollable and changing factors including, among others, foreign currency
 exchange rates; political or social unrest or economic instability in a specific
 country or region; trade protection measures and other regulatory requirements
 which may affect our ability to provide our services; difficulties in staffing
 and managing international operations; and adverse tax consequences, including
 imposition of withholding or other taxes on payments by subsidiaries and
 affiliates. Any or all of these factors could have a material adverse impact
 on
 our future business, prospects, financial condition, operating results and
 cash
 flows. 

13 

In
 addition, we have only limited experience in marketing and operating our
 services in certain international markets. Moreover, we have in some cases
 experienced and expect to continue to experience in some cases higher costs
 as a
 percentage of revenues in connection with establishing and providing services
 in
 international markets versus the U.S. In addition, certain international
 markets
 may be slower than the U.S. in adopting the Internet and/or outsourced
 messaging
 and communications solutions and so our operations in international markets
 may
 not develop at a rate that supports our level of investments. 

As
 we continue to grow our international operations, adverse currency fluctuations
 and foreign exchange controls could have a material adverse effect on our
 balance sheet and results of operations. 

As
 we
 expand our international operations, we could be exposed to significant risks
 of
 currency fluctuations. In some countries outside the U.S., we already offer
 our
 services in the applicable local currency, including but not limited to the
 Canadian Dollar, the Euro and the British Pound Sterling. As a result,
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates affect the results of our
 operations, which in turn may adversely affect reported earnings and the
 comparability of period-to-period results of operations. As our international
 operations grow, these effects could become material. Changes in currency
 exchange rates may also affect the relative prices at which we and foreign
 competitors sell our services in the same market. In addition, changes in the
 value of the relevant currencies may affect the cost of certain items required
 in our operations. Furthermore, we may become subject to exchange control
 regulations, which might restrict or prohibit our conversion of other currencies
 into U.S. Dollars. We cannot assure you that future exchange rate movements
 will
 not have a material adverse effect on our future business, prospects, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flows. To date, we have not entered into
 foreign currency hedging transactions to control or minimize these
 risks. 

Our
 business and users may be subject to sales tax and other
 taxes. 

The
 application of indirect taxes (such as sales and use tax, value added tax
 VAT ), goods and services tax, business tax and gross receipt tax) to
 e-commerce businesses such as j2 Global and our users is a complex and evolving
 issue. Many of the fundamental statutes and regulations that impose these taxes
 were established before the growth of the Internet and e-commerce. In many
 cases, it is not clear how existing statutes apply to the Internet or
 e-commerce. In addition, some jurisdictions have implemented laws specifically
 addressing the Internet or some aspect of e-commerce and several other proposals
 have been made at the U.S. federal, state and local level that would impose
 additional taxes on the sale of goods and services through the Internet. These
 proposals, if adopted, could substantially impair the growth of e-commerce,
 hamper our ability to retain and attract new customers and diminish our ability
 to derive financial benefit from our activities. In November 2007, the
 U.S. federal government enacted legislation extending the moratorium on
 states and other local authorities imposing access or discriminatory taxes
 on
 the Internet through November 2014. This moratorium does not prohibit federal,
 state or local authorities from collecting taxes on our income or from
 collecting taxes that are due under existing tax rules. The application of
 existing, new or future laws could have adverse effects on our business,
 prospects and operating results. There have been, and will continue to be,
 substantial ongoing costs associated with complying with the various indirect
 tax requirements in the numerous markets in which we conduct or will conduct
 business. 

We
 may be engaged in legal proceedings that could cause us to incur unforeseen
 expenses and could occupy a significant amount of our management s time and
 attention. 

From
 time
 to time we are subject to litigation or claims, including in the areas of
 patent
 infringement and anti-trust, that could negatively affect our business
 operations and financial condition. Such disputes could cause us to incur
 unforeseen expenses, occupy a significant amount of our management s time and
 attention and negatively affect our business operations and financial condition.
 We are unable to predict the outcome of our currently pending cases. Some
 or all
 of the amount we may be required to pay to defend or to satisfy a judgment
 or
 settlement of any or all of these proceedings may not be covered by insurance.
 Under indemnification agreements we have entered into with our current and
 former officers and directors, we are required to indemnify them, and advance
 expenses to them, in connection with their participation in proceedings arising
 out of their service to us. These payments may be material. For a more detailed
 description of the lawsuits in which we are involved, see Item 3. Legal
 Proceedings. 

The
 markets in which we operate are highly competitive and our competitors may
 have
 greater resources to commit to growth, superior technologies, cheaper pricing
 or
 more effective marketing strategies. 

For
 information regarding our competition, and the risks arising out of the
 competitive environment in which we operate, see the section entitled
 Competition contained in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In
 addition, some of our competitors include major companies with much greater
 resources and significantly larger subscriber bases than we have. Some of these
 competitors offer their services at lower prices than we do. These companies
 may
 be able to develop and expand their communications and network infrastructures
 more quickly, adapt more swiftly to new or emerging technologies and changes
 in
 customer requirements, take advantage of acquisition and other opportunities
 more readily and devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their

14 

products and services than we can. There can be no assurance that
 additional competitors will not enter markets that we are currently serving
 and
 plan to serve or that we will be able to compete effectively. Competitive
 pressures may reduce our revenue, operating profits or both.

We
 are exposed to risk if we cannot maintain or adhere to our internal controls
 and
 procedures. 

We
 have
 established and continue to maintain, assess and update our internal controls
 and procedures regarding our business operations and financial reporting.
 Our
 internal controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurances
 regarding our business
 operations and financial reporting. However, because of the inherent
 limitations in this process, internal controls and procedures may not prevent
 or
 detect all errors or misstatements. To the extent our internal controls
 are
 inadequate or not adhered to by our employees, our business, financial
 condition
 and operating results could be materially adversely
 affected. 

If
 we are
 not able to maintain internal controls and procedures in a timely manner, or
 without adequate compliance, we may be unable to accurately report our financial
 results or prevent fraud and may be subject to sanctions or investigations
 by
 regulatory authorities such as the SEC or NASDAQ. Any such action or restatement
 of prior-period financial results could harm our business or investors 
confidence in j2 Global, and could cause our stock price to fall. 

Risks
 Related To Our Industry 

Our
 services may become subject to burdensome telecommunications regulation, which
 could increase our costs or restrict our service offerings. 

We
 provide our services through data transmissions over public telephone lines
 and
 other facilities provided by carriers. These transmissions are subject to
 foreign and domestic laws and regulation by the FCC, state public utility
 commissions and foreign governmental authorities. These regulations affect
 the
 availability of telephone numbers, the prices we pay for transmission services,
 the competition we face from other telecommunications service providers and
 other aspects of our market. However, we believe that our services are
 information services under the Telecommunications Act of 1996 and related
 precedent and therefore would not currently be subject to U.S.
 telecommunications services regulation. The FCC also views Internet-based
 services as being interstate and subject to the protection of federal laws
 preempting state efforts to impose traditional common carrier regulation on
 such
 services. However, as messaging and communications services converge and as
 the
 services we offer expand, there may be increased regulation of our business.
 Therefore, in the future, we may become subject to FCC or other regulatory
 agency regulation. Changes in the regulatory environment could decrease our
 revenues, increase our costs and restrict our service offerings. In many of
 our
 international locations, we are subject to regulation by the governmental
 authority. 

In
 the
 U.S., Congress and the FCC regulations subsidize portions of the
 telecommunications system out of the USF. Congress and the FCC are reviewing
 the
 way it collects USF payments from telecommunications carriers. Among the
 proposed changes being considered is imposing a flat fee per telephone number.
 If adopted without an exemption for our service, this change in rules could
 have
 a material adverse effect on the provision of our non-paid services, and could
 cause us to raise the price of our paid service. Other changes to the USF
 subsidy the Congress and the FCC are considering may also impact our
 operations. 

In
 August
 2005, the FCC reclassified wireline broadband Internet access services (i.e.,
 DSL) as information services, thereby removing the regulation requiring
 telephone companies to offer their lines to competing providers at low rates.
 Incumbent local exchange carriers ILECs can now sell or lease their lines
 for what they decide is a fair value. The decision could possibly enable ILECs
 to charge higher rates for underlying broadband transmission service to
 competitive local exchange carriers that service some of our lines in various
 states. If one or more ILECs take this action, it could have an indirect impact
 on our profitability and operations. 

The
 TCPA
 and FCC rules implementing the TCPA prohibit the use of telephone fax machines,
 computers or other devices to send unsolicited facsimile advertisements to
 telephone fax machines. The Junk Fax Act and FCC rules implementing the Junk
 Fax
 Act amended the TCPA requirements to allow fax advertisements to be sent to
 recipients with whom the sender has an established business relationship, as
 long as the fax number was provided voluntarily by the recipient. The FCC is
 authorized to take enforcement action against companies that send so-called
 junk faxes and has held numerous fax broadcasters liable for violating the
 TCPA. In addition, individuals may, under certain circumstances, have a private
 cause of action for violations under the TCPA and recover monetary damages
 for
 such violations. Although entities that merely transmit facsimile messages
 on
 behalf of others are not liable for compliance with the prohibition on faxing
 unsolicited advertisements, the exemption from liability does not apply to
 fax
 transmitters that have a high degree of involvement or actual notice of an
 illegal use and have failed to take steps to prevent such transmissions. We
 take
 significant steps to ensure that our services are not used to transmit
 unsolicited faxes on a large scale, and we do not believe that we have a high
 degree of involvement or notice of the use of our service to broadcast junk
 faxes. However, because fax transmitters do not enjoy an absolute exemption
 from
 liability under the TCPA and related FCC rules, we could face FCC inquiry and
 enforcement or civil litigation, or private causes of action, if someone uses
 our service for such impermissible purposes. If this were to 

15 

occur
 and
 we were to be held liable for someone s use of our service for transmitting
 unsolicited faxes, the financial penalties could cause a material adverse effect
 on our operations. We are currently involved in litigation involving alleged
 violations of the TCPA with Protus IP Solutions, Inc. For more information
 about
 this lawsuit, see Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Legal
 Proceedings. 

Also
 in
 the U.S., the Communications Assistance to Law Enforcement Act CALEA requires telecommunications carriers to be capable of performing wiretaps
 and
 recording other call identifying information. In September 2005, the FCC
 released an order defining telecommunications carriers that are subject to
 CALEA
 obligations as facilities-based broadband Internet access providers and
 Voice-over-Internet-Protocol VoIP providers that interconnect with the
 public switched telephone network. As a result of this definition, we do
 not
 believe that j2 Global is subject to CALEA. However, if the category of service
 providers to which CALEA applies broadens to also include information services,
 that change may impact our operations. For more information regarding
 telecommunications regulation that may affect our business, please see Item
 1 of
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Business Government
 Regulation. 

The
 value-added messaging and communications services industry is undergoing rapid
 technological changes and we may not be able to keep up. 

The
 value-added messaging and communications services industry is subject to rapid
 and significant technological change. We cannot predict the effect of
 technological changes on our business. Additionally, widely accepted standards
 have not yet developed for the technologies we use. We expect that new services
 and technologies will emerge in the markets in which we compete. These new
 services and technologies may be superior to the services and technologies
 that
 we use or these new services may render our services and technologies obsolete.
 Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and adapt
 to technological changes and evolving industry standards. We may be unable
 to
 obtain access to new technologies on acceptable terms or at all, and may
 therefore be unable to offer services in a competitive manner. If the global
 communications industry fails to set standards to allow for the compatibility
 of
 various products and technologies on a timely basis or at all, any new services
 and technologies may not be compatible with our existing technologies or operate
 in a manner sufficient for us to execute our business plan, which could have
 a
 material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flows. 

We
 rely heavily on the revenue generated by our fax services. 

Currently,
 a substantial portion of the overall traffic on our network is fax related.
 Our
 future success is therefore dependent upon the continued use of fax as a
 messaging medium and/or our ability to diversify our service offerings and
 derive more revenue from other services, such as voice, email and unified
 messaging solutions. If the demand for fax as a messaging medium decreases,
 and
 we are unable to replace lost revenues from decreased usage of our fax services
 with a proportional increase in our customer base or with revenues from our
 other services, our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
 flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

We
 believe that one of the attractions to fax versus alternatives, such as email,
 is that fax signatures are a generally accepted method of executing contracts.
 There are on-going efforts by governmental and non-governmental entities, many
 of which possess greater resources than we do, to create a universally accepted
 method for electronically signing documents. Widespread adoption of so-called
 digital signatures could reduce demand for our fax services and, as a result,
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flows. 

We
 are subject to regulations relating to consumer privacy. 

Consumer
 privacy has become a significant concern of regulators in the U.S. and
 internationally. At least nine U.S. states have enacted legislation that limits
 the uses and storage of personal information gathered online or offline. Many
 non-U.S. jurisdictions also have such laws and continuously consider
 strengthening them, especially against online services. In addition, more than
 30 states have passed laws that require businesses to notify customers of the
 occurrence of a data breach that may result in unauthorized acquisition of
 personal data. In certain instances we are subject to some of these
 laws. 

Statutes
 intended to protect user privacy have passed in many non-U.S. jurisdictions.
 For
 example, the E.U. Data Protection Directive protects personal data (defined
 as
 data that can reasonably be used to identify a living person) by instructing
 E.U. Member States to enact laws requiring that personal information be
 collected with consent for a reasonable purpose, used and disclosed for the
 limited purpose for which it was collected, accurate, accessible for inspection
 and correction, and stored securely. The E.U. Data Protection Directive also
 requires that a data collector either establish a data officer in each member
 state where it offers service or submit a formal notification of its collection
 activities to the local data privacy agency. Finally, the E.U. Privacy Directive
 prohibits the transfer of personal data from an E.U. country to a non-E.U.
 country that lacks adequate data protection laws. Because the E.U. has
 determined that the U.S. lacks adequate data protection laws, entities
 transferring personal data must follow certain alternative procedures or risk
 the interruption of data flows. For example, the U.S. Department of Commerce
 has, in agreement with the E.U., 

16 

created a Safe Harbor Registry where businesses
 can voluntarily pledge to abide by prescribed data protection standards in
 order
 to permit transboundary data flow. The E.U. Directive also permits transboundary
 data flow upon the express consent of the data subject. However, an informal
 opinion from the E.U. Working Party that studies data privacy issues recommends
 that the consent method should be used only when other transfer options are
 not
 available. Canada s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act
 PIPEDA law similarly regulates the collection of personal data.

Failure
 to comply with these and other international data privacy laws could subject
 us
 to lawsuits, fines, criminal penalties, statutory damages, adverse publicity
 and
 other losses that could harm our business. Changes to existing laws or
 the
 passage of new laws
 intended to address these privacy and data protection and retention issues
 could
 directly affect the way we do business or could create uncertainty on the
 Internet. This could reduce demand for our services, increase the cost
 of doing
 business as a result of litigation costs or increase service or delivery
 costs,
 or otherwise harm our business. 

New
 and existing regulations could harm our business. 

We
 are
 subject to the same foreign and domestic laws as other companies conducting
 business on and off the Internet. There are relatively few laws specifically
 directed towards online services. However, due to the increasing popularity
 and
 use of the Internet and online services, many laws relating to the Internet
 are
 being debated at all levels of government around the world and it is possible
 that such laws and regulations will be adopted. These laws and regulations
 could
 cover issues such as user privacy, freedom of expression, pricing, fraud,
 content and quality of products and services, taxation, advertising,
 intellectual property rights and information security. It is not clear how
 existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, copyrights and other
 intellectual property issues, taxation, libel and defamation, obscenity and
 personal privacy apply to online businesses. The vast majority of these laws
 was
 adopted prior to the advent of the Internet and related technologies and, as
 a
 result, does not contemplate or address the unique issues of the Internet and
 related technologies. Those laws that do reference the Internet, such as the
 U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act and the E.U. s Directive on Distance
 Selling and Electronic Commerce, have begun to be interpreted by the courts
 and
 implemented, but their applicability and scope remain somewhat uncertain.
 Enactment of new laws and regulations, or the interpretation of existing laws
 and regulations in a way that is adverse to us, could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results and
 cash flows. 

The
 Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003
 (the CAN-SPAM Act requires commercial emails to be identified as an
 advertisement or solicitation, include a valid postal address and provide a
 mechanism that will enable recipients to opt out of receiving future emails.
 We
 believe that our email practices comply with the requirements of the CAN-SPAM
 Act. However, the statutory penalties for violating the CAN-SPAM Act can run
 into millions of dollars. If we were ever found to be in violation of the
 CAN-SPAM Act, such an adverse judgment could have a material adverse affect
 on
 our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
 flows. 

In
 the
 E.U., the European Parliament and Council amended the Communications Directive
 with the Directive on the Retention of Data Processed in Connection with the
 Provision of Public Electronic Communications Services Data Retention
 Directive ). In the interests of public safety and terrorism prevention, the
 Data Retention Directive requires telecommunications carriers and information
 service providers to store traffic (e.g., time of communication, numbers,
 identity of users) and location data from electronic communications for six
 months to two years, at the discretion of the Member States. Member States
 are
 in the process of adopting this Directive into national laws and many have
 requested extensions to the deadline by which the Data Retention Directive
 is
 required to be implemented. Implementation of the Data Retention Directive
 may
 impact some of our operations. 

In
 addition, because our services are accessible worldwide, foreign jurisdictions
 may claim that we are required to comply with their laws. For example, the
 Australian high court has ruled that a U.S. Website in certain circumstances
 must comply with Australian laws regarding libel. As we expand and localize
 our
 international activities, we may become obligated to comply with laws of
 additional jurisdictions. Non-U.S. laws regulating Internet companies may be
 less favorable than U.S. laws, giving greater rights to consumers, content
 owners and users. Compliance may be more costly or may require us to change
 our
 business practices or restrict our service offerings relative to those in the
 U.S. Our failure to comply with foreign laws could subject us to penalties
 ranging from criminal prosecution to bans on our services. 

17 

Risks
 Related To Our Stock 

Future
 sales of our common stock may negatively affect our stock price. 

As
 of
 February 13, 2008, substantially all of our outstanding shares of common
 stock
 were available for resale, subject to volume and manner of sale limitations
 applicable to affiliates under SEC Rule 144. Sales of a substantial number
 of
 shares of common stock in the public market or the perception of such sales
 could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. These sales
 also
 might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future
 at a
 price that we think is appropriate, or at all. 

Anti-takeover
 provisions could negatively impact our stockholders. 

Provisions
 of Delaware law and of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could
 make it
 more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us. For example,
 we are
 subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which would
 make
 it more difficult for another party to acquire us without the approval
 of our
 board of directors. Additionally, our certificate of incorporation authorizes
 our board of directors to issue preferred stock without requiring any
 stockholder approval, and preferred stock could be issued as a defensive
 measure
 in response to a takeover proposal. These provisions could make it more
 difficult for a third
 party to acquire us even if an acquisition might be in the best interest
 of our
 stockholders. 

Our
 stock price may be volatile or may decline. 

Our
 stock
 price and trading volumes have been volatile and we expect that this volatility
 will continue in the future due to factors, such as: 

Assessments
 of the size of our subscriber base and our average revenue per subscriber,
 and comparisons of our results in these and other areas versus prior
 performance and that of our
 competitors; 

Variations
 between our actual results and investor
 expectations; 

Regulatory
 or competitive developments affecting our
 markets; 

Investor
 perceptions of us and comparable public
 companies; 

A
 large percentage of our stock being sold
 short; 

Conditions
 and trends in the communications, messaging and Internet-related
 industries; 

Announcements
 of technological innovations and
 acquisitions; 

Introduction
 of new services by us or our
 competitors; 

Developments
 with respect to intellectual property
 rights; 

Conditions
 and trends in the Internet and other technology
 industries; 

Rumors,
 gossip or speculation published on public chat or bulletin
 boards; 

General
 market conditions; and 

Geopolitical
 events such as war, threat of war or terrorist
 actions. 

In
 addition, the stock market has from time to time experienced significant price
 and volume fluctuations that have affected the market prices for the common
 stocks of technology companies, particularly communications and Internet
 companies. These broad market fluctuations have previously resulted in a
 material decline in the market price of our common stock. In the past, following
 periods of volatility in the market price of a particular company s securities,
 securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company.
 We may become involved in this type of litigation in the future. Litigation
 is
 often expensive and diverts management s attention and resources, which could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flows. 

Item
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

18 

None. 

Item
 2. Properties 

As
 of
 December 31, 2007, we leased approximately 40,000 square feet of office
 space
 for our headquarters in Los Angeles, California under a lease that expires
 in
 January 2010. We lease this space from an entity indirectly controlled
 by our
 Chairman of the Board. Additionally, we have smaller leased office facilities
 in
 British Columbia; California; Hong Kong; Illinois; Ireland; the Netherlands
 and
 the United Kingdom. 

All
 of
 our network equipment is housed either at our leased properties and facilities
 or at one of our multiple co-location facilities around the
 world. 

Item
 3. Legal Proceedings 

Overview
 of Patent Litigation 

As
 part
 of our continuing effort to prevent the unauthorized use of our intellectual
 property, we have initiated litigation against the following two companies,
 among others, for infringing our patents relating to Internet fax and other
 messaging technologies: Venali, Inc. Venali and Protus IP Solutions, Inc.
 Protus ). Venali and Protus have each filed counterclaims against us, which
 are described in more detail below. 

Overview
 of Legal Proceedings Against Us 

From
 time
 to time, we are involved in litigation and other disputes or regulatory
 inquiries that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Many of these
 actions are filed in response to patent actions filed by us against the
 plaintiffs. The number and significance of these disputes and inquiries are
 increasing as our business expands and j2 Global grows larger. Any claims or
 regulatory actions against us, whether meritorious or not, could be
 time-consuming, result in costly litigation, require significant amounts of
 management time, and result in the diversion of significant operational
 resources. 

In
 February 2004 and July 2005, we filed two lawsuits against Venali in the United
 States District Court for the Central District of California for infringement
 of
 several of our U.S. patents. On June 21, 2006, Venali filed suit against us
 and
 our affiliate in the United States District Court for the Southern District
 of
 Florida, alleging violations of antitrust law and various related claims arising
 out of our procurement and enforcement of our patents. In lieu of any response
 to Venali s complaint, the parties reached an agreement whereby Venali dismissed
 its complaint without prejudice and re-filed certain of its claims as
 counterclaims in the patent infringement actions in California. On December
 27,
 2006, Venali filed amended counterclaims in the July 2005 action alleging
 several violations of antitrust law (fraudulent procurement of patents,
 fraudulent enforcement of patents, tying and attempted monopolization) as well
 as tortious interference with business relationships, trademark infringement
 and
 unfair and deceptive trade practices. Venali is seeking damages, including
 treble damages for the antitrust claims, injunctive relief, attorneys fees and
 costs. Venali s claims relate in substantial part to the patent infringement
 claims by us against Venali. On April 13, 2007, the court granted in part our
 motion to dismiss Venali s counterclaims, dismissing the tying claim with leave
 to amend. Venali has also voluntarily dismissed all of its counterclaims except
 those alleging antitrust violations based on our procurement and enforcement
 of
 our patents. On May 11, 2007, the court entered a claim construction order
 regarding the disputed terms of the patents-in-suit. Since that time, the
 parties have been engaged in extensive discovery. On December 7, 2007, Venali
 filed a motion for partial summary judgment of non-infringement. Our opposition
 to that motion is not yet due. Trial is currently scheduled for October
 2008. 

In
 January 2006, we filed a complaint in the United States District Court for
 the
 Central District of California against Protus asserting causes of action for
 violation of the Federal Telephone Consumer Protection Act, trespass to
 chattels, and unfair business practices as a result of Protus sending junk
 faxes to us and our customers. We are seeking statutory and treble damages,
 attorneys fees, interest and costs, as well as a permanent injunction against
 Protus continuing its junk fax sending practices. In September 2007, Protus
 filed a counterclaim against us asserting the same causes of action as those
 asserted against it, as well as claims for false advertising, trade libel,
 tortious interference with prospective economic advantage and defamation. Protus
 is seeking statutory and treble damages, attorneys fees, interest and
 costs, as well as a permanent injunction against us sending any more junk faxes.
 Trial is currently set for October 2008. 

On
 December 12, 2006, Venali filed suit against us in the United States District
 Court for the Southern District of Florida, alleging infringement of U.S. Patent
 Number 7,114,004 (the 004 Patent ). Venali is seeking damages in the amount
 of lost profits or a reasonable royalty, a permanent injunction against
 continued infringement, treble damages, attorneys fees, interest and costs. On
 March 6, 2007, we filed an answer to the complaint denying liability. On May
 17,
 2007, we filed a request with the U.S. Patent Trademark Office for
 reexamination of the 004 Patent, which request was granted on July 27, 2007. On
 August 13, 2007, we moved 

19 

to stay the action pending the reexamination. On August 20, 2007, the
 court
 granted the motion and stayed the action pending reexamination of the patent.

On
 May 9,
 2007, Bear Creek Technologies, Inc. Bear Creek filed suit against us in the
 United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, alleging
 infringement of U.S. Patent Number 6,685,494. Bear Creek is seeking damages
 in
 at least the amount of a reasonable royalty, a permanent injunction against
 continued infringement, treble damages, attorneys fees, interest and costs. On
 June 29, 2007, we filed an answer to the complaint denying liability, asserting
 affirmative defenses, and asserting counterclaims of non-infringement and
 invalidity. On September 21, 2007, Bear Creek filed its reply to our
 counterclaims, denying each one. On February 11, 2008 we filed a request
 for reexamination of the 494 patent. The claim construction hearing is set
 for April 28, 2008, and jury selection for trial in the matter is set
 for April 7, 2009. 

On
 June
 21, 2007, Integrated Global Concepts, Inc. IGC filed a lawsuit against us,
 certain of our current and former officers and/or directors, one of our
 affiliates, and several other parties in the United States District Court
 for
 the Northern District of Illinois. The
 suit
 purports to allege violations of antitrust law, the Racketeer Influenced
 and
 Corrupt Organizations Act and various related statutory and common law
 claims
 arising out of our procurement and enforcement of our patents and our
 acquisition of certain companies. IGC s claims relate in substantial part to a
 patent infringement action by our affiliate against IGC. The suit seeks
 damages,
 including treble and punitive damages, an injunction against further violations,
 divestiture of certain assets, attorneys fees and costs. On October 31, 2007,
 the Court stayed this action pending resolution of the related case in
 the
 Northern District of Georgia described below. On January 20, 2008, the
 Court
 dismissed this case with leave to reinstate it on or before December 31,
 2008. 

On
 October 11, 2007, IGC filed substantially the same claims it previously filed
 in
 the Northern District of Illinois as counterclaims in a pending patent
 infringement case in the United States District Court for the Northern District
 of Georgia brought against IGC by our affiliate. Like the prior lawsuit, IGC s
 counterclaims name us, certain of our current and former officers and/or
 directors, one of our affiliates, and several other parties, and purport to
 allege violations of antitrust law, the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
 Organizations Act and various related statutory and common law claims arising
 out of our procurement and enforcement of our patents and our acquisition of
 certain companies. The counterclaims seek damages, including treble and punitive
 damages, an injunction against further violations, divestiture of certain
 assets, attorneys fees and costs. On December 7, 2007, we filed motions to
 dismiss IGC s counterclaims that are pending before the court. 

On
 June
 29, 2007, a purported class action was filed by Justin Lynch as the named
 plaintiff in the United States District Court for the Central District of
 California alleging that we have attempted to monopolize and/or monopolized
 the
 market for Internet facsimile services to home and small offices in violation
 of
 Section 2 of the Sherman Act. The claims relate in substantial part to the
 patent infringement actions by us against various companies. The suit seeks
 treble damages, injunctive relief, attorneys fees and costs. On August 24,
 2007, we filed an answer to the complaint denying liability. On January 28,
 2008, the court entered an order staying this case until June 2,
 2008. 

We
 do not
 believe, based on current knowledge, that the foregoing legal proceedings
 are
 likely to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position,
 results of operations or cash flows. However, we may incur substantial expenses
 in defending against these claims. In the event of a determination adverse
 to j2
 Global, it may incur substantial monetary liability, which could have a material
 adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations
 or
 cash flows. In accordance with SFAS 5, Accounting for Contingencies ,
 we have not accrued for a loss contingency relating to these legal proceedings
 because we believe that, although unfavorable outcomes in the proceedings
 may be
 reasonably possible, they are not considered by management to be probable
 or
 reasonably estimable. 

Item
 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
 Holders 

We
 held a
 Special Meeting of Shareholders on October 24, 2007 in Los Angeles, California.
 A proposal to approve j2 Global s 2007 Stock Plan was submitted to our
 shareholders for a vote at the Special Meeting. This proposal was approved
 with
 the following vote: 

Number
 of Votes 

For 

 Against 

 Abstain 

30,604,914 

 9,008,803 

 240,292 

20 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. Market for Registrant s Common
 Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
 Securities 

Market
 Information 

Our
 common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol
 JCOM . The following table sets forth the high and low closing sale prices for
 our common stock for the periods indicated, as reported by the NASDAQ Global
 Select Market. All share numbers and per share amounts have been retroactively
 restated to reflect our May 2006 two-for-one stock split effected in the form
 of
 a stock dividend. 

High 

Low 

Year
 ended December 31, 2007 

First
 Quarter 

28.75 

23.01 

Second
 Quarter 

35.37 

27.92 

Third
 Quarter 

37.23 

32.45 

Fourth
 Quarter 

35.07 

21.17 

Year
 ended December 31, 2006 

First
 Quarter 

24.61 

20.29 

Second
 Quarter 

31.29 

22.06 

Third
 Quarter 

31.81 

22.68 

Fourth
 Quarter 

29.39 

26.41 

Holders 

We
 had
 309 registered stockholders as of February 13, 2008. That number excludes the
 beneficial owners of shares held in street names or held through participants
 in depositories. 

Dividends 

We
 have
 never paid cash dividends on our stock and currently anticipate that we will
 continue to retain any future earnings to finance the growth of our
 business. 

Recent
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We
 did
 not issue any unregistered securities during the fourth quarter of
 2007. 

Issuer
 Purchases of Equity Securities 

In
 March
 2006, our Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase shares
 of our
 common stock. The Board approved the repurchase of up to 2,000,000 shares
 from
 time to time through December 31, 2008, depending on market conditions
 and other
 factors. During 2007, we repurchased all 1,529,100 of the remaining shares
 of
 common stock authorized under this repurchase program at an aggregate cost
 of
 approximately 42.4 million (including commission fees of approximately
 46,000). 

The
 following table details the repurchases that were made under the program
 during
 the fourth quarter of 2007: 

Period 

Total
 Number of Shares Purchased 

Average
 Price Per Share (1) 

Total
 Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced
 Program 

Maximum
 Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the
 Program 

October
 1, 2007 October 31, 2007 

232,100 

33.16 

232,100 

754,722 

November
 1, 2007 November 30, 2007 

754,722 

26.09 

754,722 

Total 

986,822 

27.75 

986,822 

(1) Average
 price per share excludes commissions. 

In
 February 2008, j2 Global s Board of Directors approved a common stock repurchase
 program authorizing the repurchase of up to five million shares of our
 common
 stock through the end of December 2010 (see Note 18 of the Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form
 10-K). 

21 

Equity
 Compensation Plan Information 

The
 following table provides information as of December 31, 2007 regarding shares
 outstanding and available for issuance under j2 Global s existing equity
 compensation plans: 

Plan
 Category 

Number
 of Securities 

 to
 be Issued Upon 

 Exercise
 of 

 Outstanding 

 Options, 

 Warrants
 and 

 Rights 

 (a) 

Weighted-Average 

 Exercise
 Price of 

 Outstanding 

 Options,
 Warrants 

 and
 Rights 

 (b) 

Number
 of Securities 

 Remaining
 Available 

 for
 Future Issuance 

 Under
 Equity 

 Compensation 

 Plans
 (Excluding 

 Securities
 Reflected in 

 Column
 (a)) 

 (c) 

Equity
 compensation plans
 approved by security holders 

4,383,174 

9.67 

7,105,891 

Equity
 compensation plans not
 approved by security holders 

Total 

4,383,174 

9.67 

7,105,891 

The
 number of securities remaining available for future issuance includes 5,428,924
 and 1,676,967 under our 2007 Stock Plan and 2001 Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
 respectively. Please refer to Note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial
 statements for a description of these Plans as well as our Second Amended and
 Restated 1997 Stock Option Plan, which terminated in 2007. 

Performance
 Graph 

This
 performance graph shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise
 subject to the liabilities under that Section and shall not be deemed to be
 incorporated by reference into any filing of j2 Global under the Securities
 Act
 of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

The
 following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return for j2 Global,
 the NASDAQ Telecommunications Index and an index of companies that j2 Global
 has
 selected as its peer group. The peer group index included in the performance
 graph consists of: deltathree, Inc., Easylink Services International Corporation
 (formerly Easylink Services Corporation), C2 Global Technologies, Inc. (formerly
 I-Link Corporation), iBasis, Inc., Premiere Global Services, Inc. (formerly
 PTEK
 Holdings, Inc.) and Tumbleweed Communications Corp. We believe that the peer
 group index provides a representative group of companies in the outsourced
 messaging and communications industry. Measurement points are December 31,
 2002
 and the last trading day in each of j2 Global s fiscal quarters through the end
 of fiscal 2007. The graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2002
 in
 j2 Global s common stock at the split-adjusted price of 1.24 per share and in
 each of the indices, and assumes reinvestment of any dividends. No dividends
 have been declared or paid on j2 Global s common stock. The stock price
 performance on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future
 stock
 price performance. 

[PERFORMANCE
 GRAPH IS SET FORTH ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE] 

22 

23 

Item
 6. Selected Financial
 Data 

The
 following selected consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction
 with our consolidated financial statements, the related Notes contained in
 this
 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the information contained herein in Item 7,
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations . Historical results are not necessarily indicative of future
 results. All share numbers and per share amounts have been retroactively
 restated to reflect our May 2006 and May 2003 two-for-one stock splits effected
 in the form of a stock dividend. 

Year
 Ended December 31 , 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

2003 

(In
 thousands except share and per share amounts) 

Statement
 of Operations Data: 

Revenues 

220,697 

181,079 

143,941 

106,343 

71,622 

Cost
 of revenues 

43,987 

36,723 

29,844 

21,018 

17,799 

Gross
 profit 

176,710 

144,356 

114,097 

85,325 

53,823 

Operating
 expenses: 

Sales
 and marketing 

38,768 

30,792 

23,025 

18,591 

11,242 

Research,
 development and engineering 

11,833 

8,773 

7,134 

5,333 

4,271 

General
 and administrative 

39,683 

38,754 

23,464 

16,049 

11,642 

Total
 operating expenses 

90,284 

78,319 

53,623 

39,973 

27,155 

Operating
 earnings 

86,426 

66,037 

60,474 

45,352 

26,668 

Other
 income and expenses: 

Gain
 on sale of investment 

9,808 

Interest
 and other income 

9,272 

7,269 

3,416 

1,244 

486 

Interest
 and other expense 

(237) 

(74) 

(76) 

(61) 

(67) 

Total
 other income and expenses 

9,035 

7,195 

13,148 

1,183 

419 

Earnings
 before income taxes 

95,461 

73,232 

73,622 

46,535 

27,087 

Income
 tax expense (benefit) 

27,000 

20,101 

23,004 

15,919 

(8,771) 

Net
 earnings 

68,461 

53,131 

50,618 

30,616 

35,858 

Net
 earnings per common share: 

Basic 

1.40 

1.08 

1.05 

0.66 

0.79 

Diluted 

1.35 

1.04 

0.99 

0.61 

0.73 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

48,953,483 

49,209,129 

48,224,818 

46,625,488 

45,463,788 

Diluted 

50,762,007 

51,048,995 

51,171,794 

49,828,208 

49,150,674 

December
 31 , 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

2003 

(In
 thousands) 

Balance
 Sheet Data: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

154,220 

95,605 

36,301 

18,814 

32,882 

Working
 capital 

193,794 

165,207 

107,938 

66,942 

63,401 

Total
 assets 

350,409 

288,160 

221,944 

152,596 

112,824 

Long-term
 debt 

149 

866 

221 

Total
 stockholders equity 

282,614 

254,741 

202,255 

139,013 

102,659 

Cash
 Dividends 

No
 cash
 dividends were paid for the years presented. 

Item
 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations 

In
 addition to historical information, the following discussion and analysis of
 management contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements
 involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The actual results may differ
 materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a
 result of many factors, including but not limited to those discussed below,
 the
 results of any acquisition we may complete and the factors discussed in Item
 1A
 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Risk Factors . Readers are
 cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements,
 which
 reflect management s opinions only as of the date hereof. j2 Global undertakes
 no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to
 these
 forward-looking statements. Readers should carefully review the risk factors
 described in this document as well as in other documents we file from time
 to
 time with the SEC, including the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and any Current
 Reports on Form 8-K filed or to be filed by us in 2008. 

24 

Overview 

j2
 Global
 Communications, Inc. j2 Global , our , us or we is a Delaware
 corporation founded in 1995. By leveraging the power of the Internet, we
 provide
 outsourced, value-added messaging and communications services to individuals
 and
 businesses throughout the world. We offer fax, voicemail, email and call
 handling services and bundled suites of certain of these services. We market
 our
 services principally under the brand names eFax ,
 eFax
 Corporate ,
 eFaxDeveloper TM ,
 Fax.com TM ,
 Send2Fax ,
 eFax
 Broadcast TM ,
 jBlast ,
 jConnect ,
 Onebox ,
 Onebox
 Receptionist TM ,
 RapidFAX TM ,
 eVoice ,
 eVoice
 Receptionist TM ,
 YAC 
 and
 Electric
 Mail .

We
 deliver many of our services through our global telephony/Internet Protocol
 IP network, which spans more than 3,000 cities in 42 countries across five
 continents. We have created this network, and continuously seek to expand it,
 through negotiating with U.S. and foreign telecommunications and co-location
 providers for telephone numbers (also referred to as Direct Inward Dial numbers
 or DIDs ), Internet bandwidth and co-location space for our equipment. We
 maintain and seek to grow an inventory of telephone numbers to be assigned
 to
 new customers. Most of these numbers are local (as opposed to toll-free),
 which enables us to provide our paying subscribers telephone numbers with a
 geographic identity. In addition to growing our business internally, we have
 used small acquisitions to grow our customer base, enhance our technology and
 acquire skilled personnel. 

Our
 core
 services include fax, voicemail, email and call handling, as well as bundled
 suites of certain of these services. These are business services that make
 our
 customers more efficient, more mobile, more cost-effective and more secure
 than
 traditional alternatives. We generate substantially all of our revenue from
 subscribers that pay activation, subscription and usage fees. Activation and
 subscription fees are referred to as fixed revenues, while usage fees are
 referred to as variable revenues. We also generate revenues
 from patent licensing fees, advertising and revenue share from our customers 
use of premium rate telephone numbers. Of the nearly 12.0 million telephone
 numbers deployed as of December 31, 2007, more than one million were serving
 paying subscribers, with the balance deployed to free subscribers, including
 those with premium rate telephone numbers. We operate in one reportable segment:
 value-added messaging and communications services, which provides for the
 delivery of fax, voice and email messages and communications via the telephone
 and/or Internet networks. 

During
 the past three years, we have derived a substantial portion of our revenues
 from
 our DID-based services, including eFax, Onebox, Onebox Receptionist,
 eVoice and eVoice
 Receptionist . As a result, we believe that paying DIDs and the revenues
 associated therewith are an important metric for understanding our business.
 It
 has been and continues to be our objective to increase the number of paying
 DIDs
 through a variety of distribution channels and marketing arrangements and by
 enhancing our brand awareness. In addition, we seek to increase revenues through
 a combination of stimulating use by our customers of usage-based services,
 introducing new services and instituting appropriate price increases to our
 fixed monthly subscription and other fees. 

For
 the
 past three years, 90 or more of our total revenues have been produced by our
 DID-based services. DID-based revenues have increased to 202 million from
 134
 million for the three-year period ending December 31, 2005 to December 31,
 2007.
 The primary reason for this increase was a 92 increase in the number of paid
 DIDs over this period. We expect that DID-based revenues will continue to be
 a
 dominant driver of total revenues. 

The
 following table sets forth our key operating metrics for the years ended
 December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 (in thousands except for percentages and
 average revenue per paying telephone number): 

December
 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Free
 service telephone numbers 

10,852 

10,323 

10,424 

Paying
 telephone numbers 

1,064 

907 

740 

Total
 active telephone numbers 

11,916 

11,230 

11,164 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Subscriber
 revenues: 

Fixed 

162,128 

126,586 

98,721 

Variable 

50,201 

48,585 

40,985 

Total
 subscriber revenues 

212,329 

175,171 

139,706 

Percentage
 of total subscriber revenues: 

Fixed 

76.4 

72.3 

70.7 

Variable 

23.6 

27.7 

29.3 

Revenues: 

DID-based 

201,776 

167,882 

134,018 

Non-DID-based 

18,921 

13,197 

9,923 

Total
 revenues 

220,697 

181,079 

143,941 

Average
 monthly revenue per paying telephone number (1) 

16.46 

16.45 

16.75 

(1) 

See
 calculation of average revenue per paying telephone number at the
 end of
 this section, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of
 Operations. 

25 

Critical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates 

In
 the
 ordinary course of business, we have made a number of estimates and assumptions
 relating to the reporting of results of operations and financial condition
 in
 the preparation of our financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally
 accepted accounting principles GAAP ). Actual results could differ
 significantly from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions.
 We believe that the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting
 policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our
 financial condition and results and require management s most difficult,
 subjective and complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make
 estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently
 uncertain. 

Revenue . Our
 revenue consists substantially of monthly recurring and usage-based subscription
 fees. In accordance with GAAP and SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No.
 104,
 Revenue Recognition ,
 which clarifies certain existing accounting principles for the timing of revenue
 recognition and classification of revenues in the financial statements, we
 defer
 the portions of monthly recurring and usage-based fees collected in advance
 and
 recognize them in the period earned. Additionally,
 we defer and recognize subscriber activation fees and related direct incremental
 costs over a subscriber s estimated useful life. 
 
 Investments. We
 account for investments in equity securities in accordance with the provisions
 of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No 115, Accounting for Certain Investments
 in Debt and Equity Securities SFAS 115 and Emerging Issues Task Force
 Issue No. 03-1, The Meaning of
 Other-Than-Temporary Impairment and Its Application to Certain Investments
 EITF 03-1 ). SFAS 115 requires that certain debt and equity securities
 be classified into one of three categories; held-to-maturity, available-for-sale
 or trading securities. We determine the appropriate classification of
 our investments at the time of acquisition and reevaluate such determination
 at
 each balance sheet date. Held-to-maturity securities are those investments
 in
 which we have the ability and intent to hold until maturity. Held-to-maturity
 securities are recorded at amortized cost. Available-for-sale securities are
 recorded at fair value, with unrealized holdings gains or losses recorded as
 a
 separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in
 shareholders equity until realized. Trading securities are carried at fair
 value, with unrealized holding gains and losses included in investment income.
 None of our investments are held for trading purposes. All securities are
 accounted for on a specific identification basis. In accordance with EITF 03-1,
 we assess whether an other-than-temporary impairment loss on an investment
 has
 occurred due to declines in fair value or other market conditions. 

Stock-Based
 Compensation
 Expense. Effective January 1, 2006, we adopted SFAS No. 123
 (revised 2004), Share-Based
 Payment SFAS 123(R) ). Accordingly, we measure stock-based compensation
 expense at the grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and recognize
 the expense over the employee s requisite service period using the straight-line
 method. The measurement of stock-based compensation expense is based on several
 criteria including, but not limited to, the valuation model used and associated
 input factors, such as expected term of the award, stock price volatility,
 risk
 free interest rate and award cancellation rate. These inputs are subjective
 and
 are determined using management s judgment. If differences arise between the
 assumptions used in determining stock-based compensation expense and the actual
 factors, which become known over time, we may change the input factors used
 in
 determining future stock-based compensation expense. Any such changes could
 materially impact our results of operations in the period in which the changes
 are made and in periods thereafter. 

In
 November 2005, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued FASB
 Staff Position No. 123(R)-3, Transition Election Related
 to
 Accounting for the Tax Effects of Share-Based Payment Awards FSP
 123R-3 ). We elected to adopt the alternative transition method for calculating
 the tax effects of share-based compensation pursuant to FSP 123R-3. The
 alternative transition method includes a simplified method to establish the
 beginning balance of the additional paid-in capital pool related to the effects
 of employee stock-based compensation, which is available to absorb tax
 deficiencies recognized subsequent to the adoption of
 SFAS 123(R). 

In
 March
 2005, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107, Topic 14: Share-Based
 Payment 
 SAB 107 ). SAB 107 provides interpretive guidance regarding the application of
 SFAS 123(R). The SEC staff believes that SAB 107 will assist registrants
 in
 their initial implementation of SFAS 123(R) and enhance the information received
 by investors and other users of financial 

26 

statements.
 The SEC staff recognizes that there is a range of conduct that a reasonable
 issuer might use to make estimates and valuations and otherwise implement
 SFAS
 123(R). Thus, throughout SAB 107 the use of the terms reasonable and
 reasonably is not meant to imply a single conclusion or methodology, but to
 encompass the full range of potential conduct, conclusions or methodologies
 upon
 which a registrant may reasonably base its valuation decisions. In accordance
 with SAB 107, we have considered the guidance regarding the application of
 SFAS
 123(R) and believe that we have adopted a reasonable methodology for measuring
 stock-based compensation expense as described above. 

In
 December 2007, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 110, Certain Assumptions
 Used in
 Valuation Methods Expected Term SAB 110 ). According to SAB 110,
 under certain circumstances the SEC staff will continue to accept beyond
 December 31, 2007 the use of the simplified method in developing an estimate
 of
 expected term of share options that possess certain characteristics in
 accordance with SFAS 123(R) beyond December 31, 2007. We will adopt SAB
 110
 effective January 1, 2008 and continue to use the simplified method in
 developing the expected term used for our valuation of stock-based
 compensation. 

Long-lived
 and Intangible
 Assets . We account for long-lived assets in accordance with
 the provisions of SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment
 or
 Disposal of Long-Lived Assets SFAS 144 ). SFAS 144 addresses financial
 accounting and reporting for the impairment or disposal of long-lived
 assets. 

In
 accordance with SFAS 144, we assess the impairment of identifiable intangibles
 and long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
 that
 the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors we consider important which
 could individually or in combination trigger an impairment review include the
 following: 

significant
 underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future
 operating results; 

significant
 changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets or the strategy
 for our overall business; 

significant
 negative industry or economic
 trends; 

significant
 decline in our stock price for a sustained period;
 and 

our
 market capitalization relative to net book
 value. 

If
 we
 determined that the carrying value of intangibles and long-lived assets may
 not
 be recoverable based upon the existence of one or more of the above indicators
 of impairment, we would record an impairment equal to the excess of the carrying
 amount of the asset over its estimated fair value. 

Consistent
 with SFAS 144, we have assessed whether events or changes in circumstances
 have
 occurred that potentially indicate the carrying value of long-lived assets
 may
 not be recoverable. We concluded that there were no such events or changes
 in
 circumstances which would trigger an impairment review during 2007, 2006 or
 2005. 

Goodwill
 and Purchased Intangible
 Assets . We evaluate our goodwill and intangible assets
 for impairment pursuant to SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible
 Assets , which provides that goodwill and other intangible assets with
 indefinite lives are not amortized but tested for impairment annually or more
 frequently if circumstances indicate potential impairment. The impairment test
 is comprised of two steps: (1) a reporting unit s fair value is compared to its
 carrying value; if the fair value is less than its carrying value, impairment
 is
 indicated; and (2) if impairment is indicated in the first step, it is measured
 by comparing the implied fair value of goodwill and intangible assets to their
 carrying value at the reporting unit level. We completed the required impairment
 review at the end of 2007, 2006 and 2005 and noted no impairment. Consequently,
 no impairment charges were recorded. 

Income
 Taxes . We account for income taxes in accordance with
 SFAS No. 109, Accounting for
 Income Taxes SFAS 109 ), which requires that deferred tax assets and
 liabilities be recognized using enacted tax rates for the effect of temporary
 differences between the book and tax bases of recorded assets and liabilities.
 SFAS 109 also requires that deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation
 allowance if it is more likely than not that some or all of the net deferred
 tax
 assets will not be realized. Our valuation allowance is reviewed quarterly
 based
 upon the facts and circumstances known at the time. In assessing this valuation
 allowance, we review historical and future expected operating results and other
 factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets
 are realizable. We had approximately 7.8 million and 8.0 million in net
 deferred tax assets at December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Based on our
 review, we concluded that these net deferred tax assets do not require valuation
 allowances as of December 31, 2007 and 2006. The net deferred tax assets should
 be realized through future operating results and the reversal of temporary
 differences. 

27 

Income
 Tax
 Contingencies . We calculate current and deferred tax
 provisions based on estimates and assumptions that could differ from the actual
 results reflected in income tax returns filed during the following year.
 Adjustments based on filed returns are recorded when identified in the
 subsequent year. 

As
 a
 multinational corporation, we are subject to taxation in many jurisdictions,
 and
 the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties
 in
 the application of complex tax laws and regulations in various taxing
 jurisdictions. Our estimate of the potential outcome of any uncertain tax issue
 is subject to management s assessment of relevant risks, facts and circumstances
 existing at that time. Therefore, the actual liability for U.S. or foreign
 taxes
 may be materially different from our estimates, which could result in the need
 to record additional tax liabilities or potentially to reverse previously
 recorded tax liabilities. In addition, we are subject to periodic audits by
 U.S.
 and foreign taxing authorities. We are currently under audit by the Internal
 Revenue Service for the 2005 tax year. While it is possible that the 2005 tax
 audit may conclude in the next 12 months and that the unrecognized tax benefits
 we have recorded in relation to this audit may change compared to the
 liabilities recorded for the period, it is not possible to estimate the effect,
 if any, of any amount of such change during the next 12 months to previously
 recorded uncertain tax positions. We adequately establish reserves for these
 tax
 contingencies when we believe that certain tax positions might be challenged
 despite our belief that our tax positions are fully supportable. We adjust
 these
 reserves when changing events and circumstances arise. 

Effective
 January 1, 2007, we adopted FASB Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty
 in Income
 Taxes 
 an Interpretation of FASB Statement
 No. 109 FIN 48 ). FIN 48 provides guidance on the minimum threshold
 that an uncertain tax benefit is required to meet before it can be recognized
 in
 the financial statements and applies to all tax positions taken by a company.
 FIN 48 contains a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain
 tax
 positions accounted for in accordance with SFAS No. 109, Accounting for
 Income Taxes. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by
 determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more
 likely
 than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution
 of
 related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure
 the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50 likely of being
 realized upon settlement. If it is not more likely than not that the benefit
 will be sustained on its technical merits, no benefit will be recorded.
 Uncertain tax positions that relate only to timing of when an item is included
 on a tax return are considered to have met the recognition threshold. We
 recognized accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
 in income tax expense on our consolidated statement of operations. At the
 adoption date of January 1, 2007, we had 25.0 million in liabilities for
 uncertain tax position, including 6.1 million recognized under FAS 5 and
 carried forward from prior years and an additional charge of 18.9 million
 to
 retained earnings (see Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 

Non-Income
 Tax
 Contingencies . In accordance with the provisions of SFAS No.
 5, Accounting for
 Contingencies , we make judgments regarding the future outcome of
 contingent events and record loss contingency amounts that are probable
 and
 reasonably estimated based upon available information. The amounts recorded
 may
 differ from the actual income or expense that occurs when the uncertainty
 is
 resolved. The estimates that we make in accounting for contingencies and
 the
 gains and losses that we record upon the ultimate resolution of these
 uncertainties could have a significant effect on the liabilities and expenses
 in
 our financial statements. As of December 31, 2007, we had 4.0 million
 of
 non-income tax related contingent liabilities. 

Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements 

In
 September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements 
 SFAS 157 ), which defines fair value, provides a framework for measuring fair
 value and expands the disclosures required for fair value measurements. SFAS
 157
 applies to all accounting pronouncements that require fair value measurements;
 it does not require any new fair value measurements. For fiscal years beginning
 after November 15, 2007, companies will be required to implement SFAS 157 for
 financial assets and liabilities, as well as for any other assets and
 liabilities that are carried at fair value on a recurring basis in financial
 statements. The FASB did, however, provide a one-year deferral for the
 implementation of Statement 157 for other nonfinancial assets and liabilities.
 An exposure draft will be issued for comment in the near future on this partial
 deferral. Accordingly, we will adopt SFAS 157 for financial assets and
 liabilities commencing in the first quarter of 2008. We are currently assessing
 the potential impact of SFAS 157 on our consolidated financial
 statements. 

In
 February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, The Fair Value Option
 for Financial
 Assets and Liabilities - Including an Amendment of FASB Statement No. 115
 SFAS 159 .
 SFAS 159
 permits entities to choose to measure certain financial assets
 and liabilities at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses, arising subsequent
 to adoption are reported in earnings. SFAS 159 is effective for fiscal years
 beginning after November 15, 2007 and, accordingly, we will adopt SFAS 159
 in
 the first quarter of 2008. We are currently assessing the impact of SFAS
 159 on
 our consolidated financial statements . 

In
 December 2007, the SEC issued SAB No. 110, Certain Assumptions
 Used in
 Valuation Methods Expected Term SAB 110 ). According to SAB 110,
 under certain circumstances the SEC staff will continue to accept beyond
 December 31, 2007 the use of the simplified method in developing an estimate
 of
 expected term of share options that possess certain characteristics in
 accordance with SFAS 123(R) beyond December 31, 2007. We will adopt SAB
 110
 effective January 1, 2008 and continue to use the simplified method in
 developing the expected term used for our valuation of stock-based
 compensation. 

28 

In
 December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141 (revised 2007), Business
 Combinations SFAS 141(R) ). SFAS 141(R) establishes principles and
 requirements for how the acquiror of a business (a) recognizes and measures
 in
 its financial statements the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities
 assumed, and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree; (b) recognizes
 and
 measures in its financial statements the goodwill acquired in the business
 combination or a gain from a bargain purchase; and (c) determines what
 information to disclose to enable users of the financial statements to
 evaluate
 the nature and financial effects of the business combination. SFAS 141(R)
 is
 effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15, 2008 and,
 accordingly, we will apply SFAS 141(R) for acquisitions effected subsequent
 to
 the date of adoption. 

In
 December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160, Noncontrolling Interests
 in
 Consolidated Financial Statements an Amendment of Accounting Research Bulletin
 No. 51 SFAS 160 ). SFAS 160 establishes accounting and
 reporting standards for ownership interests in subsidiaries held by parties
 other than the parent, the amount of consolidated net income attributable
 to the
 parent and to the noncontrolling interest, changes in a parent s ownership
 interest and the valuation of retained noncontrolling equity investments
 when a
 subsidiary is deconsolidated. SFAS 160 also establishes disclosure
 requirements that clearly identify and distinguish between the interests
 of the
 parent and the interests of the noncontrolling owners. SFAS 160 is effective
 beginning January 1, 2009. We are currently assessing the potential impact
 of SFAS 160 on our consolidated financial
 statements. 

Results
 of Operations 

Years
 Ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

The
 following table sets forth, for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and
 2005, information derived from our statements of operations as a percentage
 of
 revenues. This information should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
 financial statements and the Notes thereto. 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Revenues 

100 

100 

100 

Cost
 of revenues 

20 

20 

21 

Gross
 profit 

80 

80 

79 

Operating
 expenses: 

Sales
 and marketing 

18 

17 

16 

Research,
 development and engineering 

5 

5 

5 

General
 and administrative 

18 

21 

16 

Total
 operating expenses 

41 

43 

37 

Operating
 earnings 

39 

37 

42 

Gain
 on sale of investment 

7 

Interest
 and other income 

4 

4 

2 

Interest
 and other expense 

Earnings
 before income taxes 

43 

41 

51 

Income
 tax expense 

12 

11 

16 

Net
 earnings 

31 

30 

35 

Revenues 

Subscriber
 Revenues . Subscriber revenues consist of both a fixed monthly
 recurring subscription component and a variable component that is driven by
 the
 actual usage of our service offerings. Over the past three years the fixed
 portion of our subscriber revenues has contributed an increasing
 percentage to our subscriber revenues of 76 , 72 and 71 for 2007, 2006 and
 2005, respectively. Subscriber revenues were 212.3 million, 175.2 million
 and
 139.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005,
 respectively. The increase in subscriber revenues over this three-year period
 was due primarily to an increase in the number of our paying subscribers. The
 increase in our base of paying subscribers was primarily the result of new
 sign-ups derived from subscribers coming directly to our Websites, free-to-paid
 subscriber upgrades, small to mid-sized corporate and enterprise sales, direct
 large enterprise and government sales, direct marketing spend for acquisition
 of
 paying subscribers and international sales, in each case net of
 cancellations.

Other
 Revenues. Other
 revenues were 8.4 million, 5.9 million and 4.2 million for the years
 ended
 December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Other revenues consist
 primarily of patent licensing revenues and advertising revenues generated
 by
 delivering email messages to our free customers on behalf of advertisers.
 The
 increase in other revenues from 2005 through 2007 resulted primarily from
 an
 increase in patent licensing revenues. 

29 

Cost
 of Revenues 

Cost
 of
 revenues is primarily comprised of costs associated with data and voice
 transmission, telephone numbers, network operations, customer service,
 online
 processing fees and equipment depreciation. Cost of revenues was 44.0
 million,
 or 20 of revenues, 36.7 million, or 20 of revenues, and 29.8 million,
 or 21 
 of revenues, for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.
 Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues was consistent from 2006
 to 2007
 due to enhanced utilization of network capacity offset by costs associated
 with
 network expansion. Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues decreased
 from
 2005 to 2006 primarily due to enhanced utilization of network
 capacity. 

Operating
 Expenses 

Sales
 and
 Marketing . Our sales and marketing costs consist primarily of
 Internet-based advertising, sales and marketing personnel costs and other
 business development-related expenses. Our Internet-based advertising
 relationships consist primarily of fixed cost and performance-based
 (cost-per-impression, cost-per-click and cost-per-acquisition) advertising
 relationships with an array of online service providers. We have a disciplined
 return-on-investment approach to our Internet-based advertising and marketing
 spend, which causes sales and marketing costs as a percentage of total revenues
 to vary from period to period. Sales and marketing expense was 38.8 million,
 or
 18 of revenues, 30.8 million, or 17 of revenues, and 23.0 million, or
 16 of
 revenues, for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006, and 2005, respectively.
 The increase from 2006 to 2007 was due primarily to increased expense in
 2007 to
 promote new brands and new services and promote our services internationally
 together with testing of new advertising media. Our expenditures to promote
 new
 brands and services, to promote our services in new geographic locations
 and to
 test new advertising media are not expected to generate as high returns on
 investment as we experience with our established brands, services, locations
 and
 advertising media. The increase from 2005 to 2006 was due primarily to increased
 Internet-based advertising and additional personnel. Our Internet-based
 advertising relationships consist primarily of fixed cost and performance-based
 (cost-per-impression, cost-per-click and cost-per-acquisition) advertising
 relationships with an array of online service providers. 

Research,
 Development and
 Engineering . Our research, development and engineering costs
 consist primarily of personnel-related expense. Research, development and
 engineering expense was 11.8 million, or 5 of revenues, 8.8 million, or
 5 of
 revenues, and 7.1 million, or 5 of revenues, for the years ended December
 31,
 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The increase in research, development
 and
 engineering costs over this three-year period was primarily due to an increase
 in personnel costs to maintain our existing services, accommodate our service
 enhancements, develop and implement additional service features and
 functionality and continue to bolster our infrastructure security. 

General
 and
 Administrative . Our general and administrative costs consist
 primarily of personnel-related expenses, depreciation and amortization,
 stock-based compensation expense, bad debt expense and insurance costs. General
 and administrative expense was 39.7 million, or 18 of revenues, 38.8 million,
 or 21 of revenues, and 23.5 million, or 16 of revenues, for the years
 ended
 December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. General and administrative
 expense as a percentage of revenues decreased from 2006 to 2007 primarily
 due to
 costs incurred in 2006, but not in 2007, in connection with an independent
 investigation by a special committee of our Board of Directors, partially
 offset
 by increases in personnel, legal and bad debt expense in 2007. The increase
 in
 general and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues from 2005
 to 2006
 was primarily attributable to the expense in 2006 of the independent
 investigation, stock-based compensation expense and related payroll tax expense,
 professional fees, bad debt expense and additional personnel due to internal
 growth and acquisitions. 

Stock-Based
 Compensation 

The
 following table represents the stock-based compensation expense included
 in cost
 of revenues and operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements
 of operations for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 (in
 thousands): 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Cost
 of revenues 

668 

316 

43 

Operating
 expenses: 

Sales
 and marketing 

1,187 

1,038 

75 

Research,
 development and engineering 

771 

556 

326 

General
 and administrative 

4,788 

3,782 

325 

7,414 

5,692 

769 

30 

Non-Operating
 Income and Expenses 

Gain
 on Sale of
 Investment. In 2005, we recognized 9.8 million as a gain on
 sale of an investment. The gain resulted from the acquisition by SigmaTel,
 Inc.
 of Oasis Semiconductor, Inc., a business in which we owned a minority equity
 interest, and a related dividend by Oasis immediately prior to the closing
 of
 the merger. 

Interest
 and Other
 Income. Our interest and other income is generated primarily
 from interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and short and long-term
 investments. Interest and other income amounted to 9.3 million, 7.3
 million
 and 3.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005,
 respectively. The increase in interest and other income from 2006 to
 2007 was
 due to a combination of higher cash and investment balances and higher
 interest
 rates. The increase in interest and other income from 2005 to 2006 was
 due to a
 combination of higher cash and investment balances, higher interest rates
 and
 approximately 1.3 million in other income in 2006 from litigation settlement
 proceeds. Due to falling interest rates, the interest earned on our cash,
 cash
 equivalents and short and long-term investments may decrease in 2008,
 which may
 or may not be offset by increasing cash and investment balances and efforts
 to
 invest in higher return investments. 

Interest
 and Other
 Expense . Our interest and other expense amounted to
 approximately 237,000, 74,000 and 76,000 for the years ended December
 31,
 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Interest and other expense were primarily
 related to realized losses from foreign currency transactions for 2007.
 For 2006
 and 2005, interest and other expense was primarily related to interest
 on
 capital lease obligations and long term debt. 

Income
 Taxes . Our effective
 income tax rate is based on pre-tax income, statutory tax rates, tax regulations
 (including those related to transfer pricing) and different tax rates in the
 various jurisdictions in which we operate. The tax bases of our assets and
 liabilities reflect our best estimate of the tax benefits and costs we expect
 to
 realize. We establish valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets
 to
 an amount that will more likely than not be realized. 

As
 of
 December 31, 2007, we had utilizable federal and state (California) net
 operating loss carryforwards NOLs of approximately 6.2 million and 6.7
 million, respectively, after considering substantial restrictions on the
 utilization of these NOLs due to ownership changes , as defined in the Internal
 Revenue Code. We currently estimate that all of the above-mentioned federal
 and
 state NOLs will be available for use before their expiration. These NOLs expire
 through the year 2021 for the federal and 2014 for the state. In addition,
 as of
 December 31, 2007, we had state research and development tax credits of 0.4
 million, which last indefinitely. 

Income
 tax expense amounted to 27.0 million, 20.1 million and 23.0 million for
 the
 years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Our effective
 tax rates for 2007, 2006 and 2005 were approximately 28 , 27 and 31 ,
 respectively. The increase in our annual effective income tax rate from 2006
 to
 2007 was primarily attributable to an increase in the proportion of our taxable
 income being sourced in the U.S. and subject to higher tax rates than in
 foreign
 jurisdictions, offset in part by the favorable impact of the lapse of a statute
 of limitations, which caused a reduction in our liability for unrecognized
 tax
 benefits of approximately 1.1 million in 2007. The decrease in our income
 tax
 rate from 2005 to 2006 was primarily attributable to an increasing proportion
 of
 our taxable income being sourced in foreign jurisdictions with tax rates
 lower
 than those in the U.S. 

Significant
 judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and in
 evaluating our tax positions on a worldwide basis. We believe our tax positions,
 including intercompany transfer pricing policies, are consistent with the tax
 laws in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. It is possible
 that
 these positions may be challenged, which may have a significant impact on our
 effective tax rate. 

The
 amount of income taxes we pay is subject to audit by federal, state and foreign
 tax authorities. Our estimate of the potential outcome of any uncertain tax
 issue is subject to management s assessment of relevant risks, facts, and
 circumstances existing at that time. We believe that we have adequately provided
 for reasonably foreseeable outcomes related to these matters in accordance
 with
 FIN 48. We recorded a
 liability for unrecognized tax benefits of approximately 5.9 million in
 accordance with FIN 48 for the year ended December 31, 2007. However, our
 future results may include material favorable or unfavorable adjustments to
 the
 estimated tax liabilities in the period the assessments are made or resolved,
 which may impact our effective tax rate.

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents and Investments 

At
 December 31, 2007, we had total cash and investments of 229.8 million,
 consisting of cash and cash equivalents of 154.2 million, short-term
 investments of 54.3 million and long-term investments of 21.2 million.
 Our
 investments are comprised primarily of readily marketable corporate debt
 securities, debt instruments of the U.S. government and its agencies, auction
 rate debt preferred 

31 

securities
 and certificates of deposits. For financial statement presentation, we
 classify
 our investments primarily as held-to-maturity, and, thus, they are reported
 as
 short-term and long-term based upon their maturity dates. Short-term
 investments
 mature within one year of December 31, 2007 and long-term investments
 mature one
 year or more from December 31, 2007. 

A
 portion
 of our investment portfolio is invested in auction rate debt securities
 and if
 an auction fails for amounts we have invested, our investment will
 not be liquid
 until a future auction on these investments is successful. If the issuer
 is
 unable to successfully close future auctions and their credit rating
 deteriorates, we may be required to adjust the carrying value of the
 investment
 through an impairment charge. We classify auction rate debt securities
 as
 short-term investments as the established interest rate reset periods
 are less
 than one year. However, in the event of a failed auction rate debt
 security, we
 may determine to hold such security until maturity and reclassify such
 security
 to long-term investments. During the fourth quarter of 2007, as a result
 of such
 failed auctions, we reclassified short-term available-for-sale investments
 of
 11.4 million to long-term held-to-maturity investments and recognized
 an
 unrealized loss of 0.3 million in accumulated other comprehensive
 income/(loss)
 in our consolidated financial statements. Based on our ability to access
 our
 cash and other short-term investments, our expected operating cash
 flows, and
 our other sources of cash, we do not anticipate the lack of liquidity
 on these
 investments to affect our ability to operate our business as usual.
 Except as
 noted above, there have been no significant changes in the maturity
 dates and
 average interest rates for our investment portfolio and debt obligations
 subsequent to December 31, 2007. 

Cash
 Flows 

Our
 primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from operations, together
 with cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. Net cash provided
 by
 operating activities was 94.2 million, 73.0 million and 64.3 million for
 the
 years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Our operating
 cash
 flows result primarily from cash received from our subscribers, offset by
 cash
 payments we make to third parties for their services, employee compensation
 and
 tax payments. More than two-thirds of our subscribers pay us via credit cards
 and therefore our receivables from subscribers generally settle quickly.
 Our
 cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments were 208.5 million,
 179.1
 million and 112.8 million at December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005,
 respectively. 

We
 currently anticipate that our existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term
 investments and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our
 anticipated needs for working capital, capital expenditures, investment
 requirements, and commitments. 

Net
 cash
 used in investing activities was 7.0 million, 5.0 million and 49.1 million
 for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Net cash
 used in investing activities in 2007 and 2006 was primarily attributable
 to
 purchases of investments, acquisitions of businesses, purchases of property
 and
 equipment and purchases of intangible assets, offset by proceeds from sales
 and
 maturities of investments. Net cash used in investing activities in 2005
 was
 primarily attributable to purchases of investments and acquisition of
 businesses, offset by maturities of investments and proceeds from sale of
 an
 investment. 

Net
 cash
 provided by (used in) financing activities was (29.9) million, (9.4) million
 and 2.8 million for the years ended 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. For
 2007, net cash used by financing activities was primarily comprised of
 repurchases of our common stock offset by proceeds from the exercise of stock
 options and common shares issued under our employee stock purchase plan.
 For
 2006, net cash used in financing activities was primarily comprised of
 repurchases of our common stock and repayment of long-term debt, offset by
 proceeds from the exercise of stock options and common shares issued under
 our
 employee stock purchase plan. Net cash provided by financing activities in
 2005
 was primarily comprised of proceeds from the exercise of stock options and
 warrants partially offset by debt repayment. 

Capital
 Expenditures 

We
 have
 financed a portion of our operating technology equipment, software and office
 equipment through capital lease and loan arrangements. Amounts due under
 these
 arrangements were zero, 0.1 million and 0.7 million at December 31, 2007,
 2006
 and 2005, respectively. 

Income
 Taxes 

For
 2005 our cash flows were positively impacted by the utilization of our NOLs
 and tax credit carryforwards. As of December 31, 2006 and 2007, our available
 NOLs and tax credit carryforwards are not expected to have a material
 impact on
 future cash flows. As such, we expect our cash tax payments to be higher
 than in
 2005. However, we continue to expect our cash tax payments to be reduced
 by the
 tax deduction related to stock option exercises and restricted stock
 vesting. 

Stock
 Repurchase Program 

In
 March
 2006, our Board of Directors approved a program authorizing the repurchase
 of up
 to 2,000,000 shares of our common 

32 

stock
 through December 31, 2008. During 2007, we repurchased all 1,529,100
 of the
 remaining shares of common stock authorized under this repurchase program
 at an
 aggregate cost of approximately 42.4 million (including commission fees
 of
 approximately 46,000). In February 2008, j2 Global s Board of Directors
 approved a common stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase
 of up to
 five million shares of our common stock through the end of December 2010
 (see
 Note 18 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere
 in
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 

Off-Balance
 Sheet Entities 

As
 of December 31, 2007, we did
 not have interests in any variable interest entities, as defined by
 FASB
 Interpretation No. 46 (Revised 2003), Consolidation of
 Variable Interest
 Entities An Interpretation of ARB No. 51 . 

Contractual
 Obligations and Commitments 

The
 following table summarizes our contractual obligations and commitments
 as of
 December 31, 2007: 

Payments
 Due by Period 

(In
 thousands) 

Contractual
 Obligations 

Total 

1 

 Year 

2-3 

 Years 

4-5 

 Years 

More
 than 5 

 Years 

Operating
 leases 

4,286 

1,486 

1,684 

224 

892 

Telecom
 services and co-location facilities 

10,858 

4,560 

6,298 

Computer
 software and related services 

1,300 

1,300 

16,444 

7,346 

7,982 

224 

892 

Calculation
 of Average Revenue per Paying Telephone
 Number 

December
 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

(In
 thousands except average monthly revenue per paying telephone
 number) 

DID-based
 revenues 

201,776 

167,882 

134,018 

Less
 other revenues 

(7,232) 

(5,355) 

(3,993) 

Total
 paying telephone number revenues 

194,544 

162,527 

130,025 

Average
 paying telephone number monthly revenue (total divided by number
 of
 months) 

16,212 

13,544 

10,835 

Number
 of paying telephone numbers 

Beginning
 of period 

907 

740 

554 

End
 of period 

1,064 

907 

740 

Average
 of period 

985 

823 

647 

Average
 monthly revenue per paying telephone number (1) 

16.46 

16.45 

16.75 

(1) Due
 to rounding, individual numbers may not recalculate. 

33 

Item
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
 Risk 

The
 following discussion of the market risks we face contains forward-looking
 statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties.
 Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the
 forward-looking statements. 

Interest
 Rate Risk 

Our
 exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily
 to our
 investment portfolio. We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings,
 types and maturities. The primary objectives of our investment activities
 are to
 preserve our principal while at the same time maximizing yields without
 significantly increasing risk. To achieve these objectives, we maintain
 our
 portfolio of cash equivalents and investments in a mix of tax-exempt and
 taxable
 instruments that meet high credit quality standards, as specified in our
 investment policy. Our cash and cash equivalents are not subject to significant
 interest rate risk due to the short maturities of these instruments. As
 of
 December 31, 2007, the carrying value of our cash and cash equivalents
 approximated fair value. Our return on these investments is subject to
 interest
 rate fluctuations. None of our investments are held for trading
 purposes. 

Our
 short
 and long-term investments are comprised primarily of readily marketable
 corporate debt securities, debt instruments of the U.S. government and
 its
 agencies, auction rate debt, preferred securities and certificates of deposits.
 Investments in fixed rate interest earning instruments carry a degree of
 interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value
 adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates. Our interest income
 is
 sensitive to changes in the general level of U.S. and foreign countries 
interest rates. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income
 may
 fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates. As of December
 31,
 2007 and 2006, we had investments in debt securities with effective maturities
 between three months and one year of approximately 54.3 million and 83.5
 million, respectively. Such investments had a weighted-average yield of
 approximately 4.2 and 3.9 , respectively. As of December 31, 2007 and
 2006, we
 had investments in debt securities with effective maturities between one
 and
 four years of approximately 21.2 million and 12.5 million, respectively.
 Such
 investments had a weighted average yield of approximately 5.7 and 5.0 ,
 respectively. Based on our cash and cash equivalents and short-term and
 long-term investment holdings as of December 31, 2007, an immediate 100
 basis
 point decline in interest rates would decrease our annual interest income
 by
 approximately 2.3 million. 

Foreign
 Currency Risk 

We
 conduct business in certain foreign markets, primarily in Canada and the
 European Union. Our primary exposure to foreign currency risk relates to
 investment in foreign subsidiaries that transact business in functional
 currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, primarily the Canadian Dollar, Euro
 and
 British Pound Sterling. However, the exposure is mitigated by our practice
 of
 generally reinvesting profits from international operations in order to grow
 that business. 

As
 we
 increase our operations in international markets we become increasingly exposed
 to changes in currency exchange rates. The economic impact of currency exchange
 rate movements is often linked to variability in real growth, inflation,
 interest rates, governmental actions and other factors. These changes, if
 material, could cause us to adjust our financing and operating
 strategies. 

As
 currency exchange rates change, translation of the income statements of the
 international businesses into U.S. Dollars affects year-over-year comparability
 of operating results. Historically, we have not hedged translation risks because
 cash flows from international operations were generally reinvested locally;
 however, we may do so in the future. 

Foreign
 exchange gains and losses were not material to our earnings in 2007, 2006
 or
 2005. For the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, translation
 adjustments amounted to 2.1 million, 2.3 million and (1.7) million,
 respectively. As of December 31, 2007, cumulative translation adjustments
 included in other comprehensive income amounted to 2.6 million. We periodically
 review our strategy for hedging transaction risks. Our objective in managing
 foreign exchange risk is to minimize the potential exposure to changes
 that
 exchange rates might have on earnings, cash flows and financial
 position. 

We
 currently do not have derivative financial instruments for hedging, speculative
 or trading purposes and therefore are not subject to such hedging risk. However,
 we may in the future engage in hedging transactions to manage our exposure
 to
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 

[REMAINDER
 OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

34 

Item
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data 

REPORT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
 the
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 j2
 Global
 Communications, Inc. 

We
 have
 audited the consolidated balance sheet of j2 Global Communications, Inc.
 and its
 subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2007, and the
 related consolidated statement of operations, stockholders equity, and cash
 flows for the year then ended. Our audit also included the financial statement
 schedule of j2 Global Communications, Inc. and its subsidiaries listed in
 Item
 15. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the
 responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express
 an
 opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. 

We
 conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
 Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
 we plan
 and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
 statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining,
 on a
 test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
 statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
 principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
 evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
 our
 audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In
 our
 opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
 fairly,
 in all material respects, the financial position of j2 Global Communications,
 Inc. and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2007, and the results of their
 operations and their cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2007, in
 conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our
 opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation
 to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents
 fairly
 in all material respects the information set forth therein. 

As
 discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company
 has adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 Interpretation No. 48, Accounting
 for
 Uncertainty in Income Taxes an Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 on
 January 1, 2007. 

We
 also
 have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
 Oversight Board (United States), j2 Global Communications, Inc. and its
 subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007,
 based on the criteria
 established in Internal
 Control Integrated Framework 
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
 (COSO) and our report dated February 18, 2008 expressed an unqualified
 opinion
 on the effectiveness of j2 Global Communications, Inc. s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

/s/
 SINGER LEWAK GREENBAUM GOLDSTEIN LLP 

Los
 Angeles, California 

 February
 18, 2008 

35 

REPORT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
 the
 Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 j2
 Global
 Communications, Inc. 

 Los
 Angeles, California 

We
 have
 audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of j2 Global Communications,
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2006, and the related
 consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for
 each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2006. Our audits also
 included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15.
 These
 financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility
 of
 the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
 financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our
 audits. 

We
 conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
 Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
 we plan
 and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
 statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining,
 on a
 test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
 statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used
 and
 significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
 financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
 reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In
 our
 opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
 respects, the financial position of j2 Global Communications, Inc. and
 subsidiaries as of December 31, 2006 and the results of their operations
 and
 their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31,
 2006, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
 United
 States of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule,
 when
 considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken
 as a
 whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth
 therein. 

As
 discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company
 has adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment, on January 1, 2006 and accordingly,
 has changed its method of accounting for share-based compensation. 

/s/
 DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 

Los
 Angeles, California 

 March
 11,
 2007 

36 

j2
 GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

 December
 31, 2007 and 2006 

 (In
 thousands, except share amounts) 

2007 

2006 

ASSETS 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

154,220 

95,605 

Short-term
 investments 

54,297 

83,498 

Accounts
 receivable, net of allowances of 1,378 and 1,105,
 respectively 

15,365 

11,989 

Prepaid
 expenses and other 

5,061 

4,779 

Deferred
 income taxes 

1,724 

2,643 

Total
 current assets 

230,667 

198,514 

Long-term
 investments 

21,241 

12,493 

Property
 and equipment, net 

23,511 

18,951 

Goodwill 

39,452 

30,954 

Other
 purchased intangibles, net 

29,220 

21,400 

Deferred
 income taxes 

6,113 

5,406 

Other
 assets 

205 

442 

Total
 assets 

350,409 

288,160 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

17,516 

17,117 

Income
 taxes payable 

4,649 

4,511 

Deferred
 revenue 

14,708 

11,530 

Current
 portion of long-term debt 

149 

Total
 current liabilities 

36,873 

33,307 

Accrued
 income tax liability 

30,863 

Other 

59 

112 

Total
 liabilities 

67,795 

33,419 

Commitments
 and contingencies 

Stockholders 
 Equity: 

Preferred
 stock, 0.01 par value. Authorized 1,000,000 and none
 issued 

Common
 stock, 0.01 par value. Authorized 95,000,000 at December 31,
 2007 and
 2006; total issued and outstanding 48,665,612 and 49,318,144
 shares at
 December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively 

543 

535 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

121,503 

144,935 

Treasury
 stock, at cost (5,660,324 and 4,131,224 shares at December 31,
 2007 and
 2006, respectively) 

(4,662) 

(4,647) 

Retained
 earnings 

162,281 

112,735 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive income 

2,949 

1,183 

Total
 stockholders equity 

282,614 

254,741 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity 

350,409 

288,160 

See
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 

37 

j2
 GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Years
 Ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 (In
 thousands, except share and per share data) 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Revenues: 

Subscriber 

212,329 

175,171 

139,706 

Other 

8,368 

5,908 

4,235 

220,697 

181,079 

143,941 

Cost
 of revenues (including stock-based compensation of 668,
 316 and 43 in
 2 007,
 2006 and 2005,
 respectively) 

43,987 

36,723 

29,844 

Gross
 profit 

176,710 

144,356 

114,097 

Operating
 expenses: 

Sales
 and marketing (including stock-based compensation of 1,187,
 1,038 and
 75 in 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively) 

38,768 

30,792 

23,025 

Research,
 development and engineering (including stock-based compensation
 of 771,
 556, and 326 in 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively) 

11,833 

8,773 

7,134 

General
 and administrative (including stock-based compensation of
 4,788, 3,782
 and 325 in 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively) 

39,683 

38,754 

23,464 

Total
 operating expenses 

90,284 

78,319 

53,623 

Operating
 earnings 

86,426 

66,037 

60,474 

Other
 income (expenses): 

Gain
 on sale of investment 

9,808 

Interest
 and other income 

9,272 

7,269 

3,416 

Interest
 and other expense 

(237) 

(74) 

(76) 

Total
 other income and expenses 

9,035 

7,195 

13,148 

Earnings
 before income taxes 

95,461 

73,232 

73,622 

Income
 tax expense 

27,000 

20,101 

23,004 

Net
 earnings 

68,461 

53,131 

50,618 

Net
 earnings per common share: 

Basic 

1.40 

1.08 

1.05 

Diluted 

1.35 

1.04 

0.99 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

48,953,483 

49,209,129 

48,224,818 

Diluted 

50,762,007 

51,048,995 

51,171,794 

See
 Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements

38 

j2
 GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND
 SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 Years
 Ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 (In
 thousands, except share amounts) 

Common
 stock 

Treasury
 stock 

Shares 

Amount 

Additional 

 paid-in
 capital 

Shares 

Amount 

Notes 

 receivable 

 from 

 stockholders 

Retained
 earnings 

Accumulated 

 other 

 comprehensive 

 income/(loss) 

Stockholders 

 equity 

Balance,
 December 31, 2004 

50,876,416 

509 

133,570 

(3,660,324) 

(4,643) 

(9) 

8,986 

600 

139,013 

Comprehensive
 income: 

Net
 earnings 

50,618 

50,618 

Foreign
 currency translation
 adjustment 

(1,736) 

(1,736) 

Comprehensive
 income 

50,618 

(1,736) 

48,882 

Exercise
 of stock options 

1,517,718 

15 

2,899 

2,914 

Issuance
 of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

33,160 

508 

508 

Tax
 benefit of stock option exercises 

9,489 

9,489 

Exercise
 of warrants 

432,002 

5 

666 

671 

Issuance
 of restricted stock 

325,000 

3 

(3) 

Stock-based
 compensation 

769 

769 

Write-off
 of notes receivable from stockholders 

9 

9 

Balance,
 December 31, 2005 

53,184,296 

532 

147,898 

(3,660,324) 

(4,643) 

59,604 

(1,136) 

202,255 

Comprehensive
 income: 

Net
 earnings 

53,131 

53,131 

Foreign
 currency translation
 adjustment 

2,319 

2,319 

Comprehensive
 income 

53,131 

2,319 

55,450 

Exercise
 of stock options 

228,883 

3 

925 

928 

Issuance
 of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

20,849 

472 

472 

Tax
 benefit of stock option exercises and restricted stock 

1,556 

1,556 

Repurchase
 of common stock 

(11,608) 

(470,900) 

(4) 

(11,612) 

Issuance
 of restricted stock, net 

15,340 

Stock-based
 compensation 

5,692 

5,692 

Balance,
 December 31, 2006 

53,449,368 

535 

144,935 

(4,131,224) 

(4,647) 

112,735 

1,183 

254,741 

Comprehensive
 income: 

Adoption
 of FIN
 48 

(18,915) 

(18,915) 

Net
 earnings 

68,461 

68,461 

Foreign
 currency
 translation 

2,111 

2,111 

Unrealized
 loss on
 held-to-maturity investments 

(345) 

(345) 

Comprehensive
 income 

49,546 

1,766 

51,312 

Exercise
 of stock options 

776,273 

7 

7,693 

7,700 

Issuance
 of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

9,282 

266 

266 

Tax
 benefit of stock option exercises and restricted stock 

3,608 

3,608 

Repurchase
 of common stock 

(42,349) 

(1,529,100) 

(15) 

(42,364) 

Repurchase
 of restricted stock 

(9,784) 

(63) 

(63) 

Issuance
 of restricted stock, net 

100,794 

1 

(1) 

Stock-based
 compensation 

7,414 

7,414 

Balance,
 December 31, 2007 

54,325,933 

543 

121,503 

(5,660,324) 

(4,662) 

162,281 

2,949 

282,614 

See Notes to Consolidated
 Financial
 Statements

39 

j2
 GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND
 SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Years
 Ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 (In
 thousands) 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

Net
 earnings 

68,461 

53,131 

50,618 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating
 activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

10,134 

8,228 

7,109 

Gain
 on sale of investment 

(9,808) 

Share-based
 compensation 

7,414 

5,692 

769 

Tax
 benefit of vested restricted stock 

108 

Tax
 benefit of stock option exercises 

1,478 

9,489 

Excess
 tax benefit from share-based compensation 

(4,731) 

(1,458) 

Deferred
 income taxes 

212 

(1,961) 

2,133 

Loss
 on disposal of fixed assets 

229 

130 

12 

Changes
 in assets and liabilities, net of effects of business
 combinations: 

Decrease
 (increase) in: 

Accounts
 receivable 

(3,106) 

(2,463) 

(554) 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

(133) 

(1,394) 

(512) 

Other
 assets 

(201) 

(118) 

(267) 

Increase
 (decrease) in: 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

(2,580) 

5,773 

1,368 

Income
 taxes payable 

9,672 

1,635 

2,640 

Deferred
 revenue 

2,991 

4,112 

1,348 

Accrued
 income tax liability 

5,898 

Other 

(53) 

112 

Net
 cash provided by operating activities 

94,207 

73,005 

64,345 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Purchases
 of available-for-sale investments 

(311,003) 

(144,803) 

(107,495) 

Sales
 of available-for-sale investments 

279,088 

121,858 

91,025 

Purchases
 of held-to-maturity investments 

(26,498) 

(36,705) 

(41,844) 

Maturities
 of held-to-maturity investments 

78,954 

71,931 

25,110 

Purchases
 of property and equipment 

(10,315) 

(7,199) 

(8,928) 

Proceeds
 from the sale of property and equipment 

10 

1 

Acquisition
 of businesses, net of cash received 

(11,165) 

(7,351) 

(10,863) 

Purchases
 of intangible assets 

(6,038) 

(3,517) 

(5,240) 

Proceeds
 from sale of investment 

822 

9,169 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

(6,977) 

(4,954) 

(49,065) 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Repurchases
 of common stock and restricted stock 

(42,427) 

(11,612) 

Issuance
 of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

266 

472 

508 

Exercise
 of stock options and warrants 

7,700 

928 

3,586 

Excess
 tax benefit on stock option exercises 

4,731 

1,458 

Repayment
 of long-term debt 

(153) 

(599) 

(1,325) 

Net
 cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(29,883) 

(9,353) 

2,769 

Effect
 of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

1,268 

606 

(562) 

Net
 increase in cash and cash equivalents 

58,615 

59,304 

17,487 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

95,605 

36,301 

18,814 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at end of year 

154,220 

95,605 

36,301 

See Notes to Consolidated
 Financial
 Statements

40 

j2
 GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

1. 
 The Company 

j2
 Global
 Communications, Inc. j2 Global , our , us or we is a Delaware
 corporation founded in 1995. By leveraging the power of the Internet, we
 provide
 outsourced, value-added messaging and communications services to individuals
 and
 businesses throughout the world. We offer fax, voicemail, email and call
 handling services and bundled suites of certain of these services. We market
 our
 services principally under the brand names eFax ,
 eFax
 Corporate ,
 eFaxDeveloper TM ,
 Fax.com TM ,
 Send2Fax ,
 eFax
 Broadcast TM ,
 jBlast ,
 jConnect ,
 Onebox ,
 Onebox
 Receptionist TM ,
 RapidFAX TM ,
 eVoice ,
 eVoiceReceptionist TM ,
 YAC 
 and Electric Mail . 

We
 deliver many of our services through our global telephony/Internet Protocol
 IP network, which spans more than 3,000 cities in 42 countries across five
 continents. We have created this network, and continuously seek to expand
 it,
 through negotiating with U.S. and foreign telecommunications and co-location
 providers for telephone numbers (also referred to as Direct Inward Dial numbers
 or DIDs ), Internet bandwidth and co-location space for our equipment. We
 maintain and seek to grow an inventory of telephone numbers to be assigned
 to
 new customers. Most of these numbers are local (as opposed to toll-free),
 which enables us to provide our paying subscribers telephone numbers with
 a
 geographic identity. As of December 31, 2007, j2 Global had nearly 12 million
 telephone numbers deployed to its customers. In addition to growing our business
 internally, we have used small acquisitions to grow our customer base, enhance
 our technology and acquire skilled personnel. 

2. 
 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting
 Policies 

(a) 
 Principles of Consolidation 

The
 consolidated financial statements include the accounts of j2 Global and its
 direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts
 and
 transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

(b) Stock
 Split 

On
 May
 25, 2006, we effected a two-for-one stock split of our common stock in
 the form
 of a stock dividend to each shareholder of record at the close of business
 on
 May 15, 2006. All historical share and per share amounts contained in the
 accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes have been
 retroactively restated to reflect this change in our capital
 structure. 

(c) Use
 of Estimates 

The
 preparation of financial statements
 in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
 States
 GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
 reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of net revenue and expenses during the
 reporting period. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates,
 including those related to revenue recognition, allowances for doubtful
 accounts, the valuation of deferred income taxes, tax contingencies, long-lived
 and intangible assets and goodwill and stock-based compensation. These estimates
 are based on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe
 to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from
 those
 estimates. 

(d) Revenue
 Recognition 

Our
 subscriber revenues substantially consist of monthly recurring subscription
 and
 usage-based fees, which are primarily paid in advance by credit card. In
 accordance with GAAP and with Securities and Exchange Commission SEC issued
 Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104, Revenue Recognition , which
 clarifies certain existing accounting principles for the timing of revenue
 recognition and classification of revenues in the financial statements,
 we defer
 the portions of monthly recurring subscription and usage-based fees collected
 in
 advance and recognize them in the period earned. Additionally, we defer
 and
 recognize subscriber activation fees and related direct incremental costs
 over a
 subscriber s estimated useful life. 

Our
 advertising revenues (included in other revenues primarily consist of
 revenues derived by delivering email messages on behalf of advertisers to
 our
 customers who elect to receive such messages. Revenues are recognized in
 the
 period in which the advertising services are performed, provided that no
 significant j2 Global obligations remain and the collection of the resulting
 receivable is reasonably assured. 

41 

Our
 patent revenues (included in other revenues consist of revenues generated
 under license agreements that provide for the payment of contractually
 determined fully paid-up or royalty-bearing license fees to us in exchange
 for
 the grant of a non-exclusive, retroactive and future license to manufacture
 and/or sell products covered by our patented technologies. Patent revenues
 are
 recognized when earned over the term of the license agreement. With regard
 to
 fully-paid up license arrangements, we generally recognize as revenue in
 the
 quarter the agreement is executed the portion of the payment attributable
 to
 past use of the patented technology and amortize the remaining portion of
 such
 payments on a straight line basis over the life of the licensed patent(s).
 With
 regard to royalty-bearing license arrangements, we recognize revenue of license
 fees earned during the applicable period. 

(e) Fair
 Value of Financial Instruments 

Statement
 of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No. 107, Disclosure about Fair
 Value of
 Financial Instruments SFAS 107 ), requires entities to disclose the
 fair value of financial instruments, both assets and liabilities recognized
 and
 not recognized on the balance sheet, for which it is practicable to estimate
 fair value. SFAS 107 defines fair value of a financial instrument as the
 amount
 at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between
 willing parties. As of December 31, 2007 and 2006, the carrying value of
 cash
 and cash equivalents, short-term and long-term investments, accounts receivable,
 interest receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses, interest payable
 and
 customer deposits approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of
 such
 instruments. The carrying value of long-term debt approximates fair value
 as the
 related interest rates approximate rates currently available to j2
 Global. 

(f) Cash
 and Cash Equivalents 

We
 consider cash equivalents to be only those investments that are highly liquid,
 readily convertible to cash and with maturities of 90 days or less at the
 purchase date. 

(g) Investments 

We
 account for our short-term and long-term investments in debt securities
 in
 accordance with SFAS No. 115, Accounting for Certain
 Investments
 in Debt and Equity Securities , and Emerging Issues Task Force EITF Issue No. 03-1, The Meaning of
 Other-Than-Temporary Impairment and Its Application to Certain
 Investments . These investments are comprised primarily of readily
 marketable corporate debt securities, debt instruments of the U.S. government
 and its agencies and auction rate debt and preferred securities. We determine
 the appropriate classification of our investments at the time of acquisition
 and
 reevaluate such determination at each balance sheet date. Held-to-maturity
 securities are those investments in which we have the ability and intent
 to hold
 until maturity. Held-to-maturity securities are recorded at amortized cost.
 Available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value, with unrealized
 gains
 or losses recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive
 income (loss) in shareholders equity until realized. Trading securities are
 carried at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses included in investment
 income. None of our investments are held for trading purposes. All securities
 are accounted for on a specific identification basis. 

The
 following table summarizes the estimated fair value of our short-term and
 long-term investments designated as available-for-sale and held-to-maturity
 classified by the contractual maturity date of the security (in
 thousands): 

As
 of 

 December 31, 

 2007 

Due
 within 1 year 

54,297 

Due
 within more than 1 year but less than 5 years 

9,949 

Due
 within more than 5 years but less than 10 years 

6,200 

Due
 10 years or after 

5,092 

Total
 available-for-sale and held-to-maturity investments 

75,538 

At
 December 31, 2007 and 2006, auction rate securities aggregated 47.6 million
 and
 60.5 million, respectively, and were included in short-term available-for-sale
 investments in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, except for
 those
 that were reclassified to long-term held-to-maturity investments as described
 below. As of December 31, 2007, the auction rate debt securities have
 stated maturities through 2045. The auction rate preferred securities have
 no
 stated maturity dates. Each of these securities has interest rates that
 reset
 periodically at established intervals of 90 days or less. At each auction
 reset,
 we have the option to hold the 

42 

position,
 bid for a new interest rate or sell. In the event of a failed auction rate
 debt
 security, we may reclassify the auction rate debt security from short-term
 to
 long-term investments based on the actual maturity of the security rather
 than
 the auction reset period. In addition, if an auction fails our investment
 will
 not be liquid. In the event we need to access these funds, we will not be
 able
 to until a future auction on these investments is successful. If the issuer
 is
 unable to successfully close future auctions and their credit rating
 deteriorates, we may be required to adjust the carrying value of the investment
 through an impairment charge. During the fourth quarter of 2007, as a result
 of
 such failed auctions, we reclassified short-term available-for-sale investments
 of 11.4 million to long-term held-to-maturity investments and recognized
 an
 unrealized loss of 0.3 million in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
 in our consolidated financial statements. We have the ability and intent
 to hold
 these auction rate debt securities until maturity. Based on our ability to
 access our cash and other short-term investments, our expected operating
 cash
 flows and our other sources of cash we do not anticipate the lack of liquidity
 on these investments to affect our ability to operate our business as usual.
 Except as noted above, there have been no significant changes in the maturity
 dates and average interest rates for our investment portfolio and debt
 obligations subsequent to December 31, 2007. 

At
 December 31, 2007 and 2006, long-term held-to-maturity securities mature
 between
 one year or more from the date of the financial statements. These securities
 are
 carried at fair value, with the unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes,
 reported as a component of stockholders equity, except for unrealized losses
 determined to be other than temporary which are recorded as interest income
 and
 other, net, in accordance with our policy and FASB Staff Position Nos.
 FAS 115-1
 and FAS 124-1, The Meaning of
 Other-Than-Temporary Impairment and its Application to Certain
 Investments. Unrealized losses on held-to-maturity securities were 0.3
 million and 0.2 million for 2007 and 2006, respectively. The unrealized
 loss is
 amortized over the remaining live of the held-to-maturity investment. We
 currently intend to hold all of these securities to
 maturity. 

Proceeds
 from the sale of available-for-sale investments amounted to 279.1 million,
 121.9 million and 91.0 million for 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.
 The cost
 of the available-for-sale investments sold is purchase price paid, net
 of
 amortization, if applicable. 

We
 assess
 whether an other-than-temporary impairment loss on an investment has occurred
 due to declines in fair value or other market conditions. There were no
 other-than-temporary impairment losses in the years ended December 31, 2007,
 2006 and 2005. There were no restrictions on cash and cash equivalents or
 investments as of December 31, 2007. 

(h) Foreign
 Currency 

Some
 of
 our foreign subsidiaries use the local currency of their respective
 countries as their functional currency. Assets and liabilities are translated
 at
 exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet dates. Revenues, costs and
 expenses are translated into U.S. Dollars at average exchange rates for
 the
 period. Gains and losses resulting from translation are recorded as a component
 of accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss). Realized gains and losses
 from
 foreign currency transactions are recognized as interest and other
 income/expense.

(i) Property
 and Equipment 

Property
 and equipment are stated at cost. Equipment under capital leases is stated
 at
 the present value of the minimum lease payments. Depreciation is calculated
 using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
 The estimated useful lives of property and equipment range from one to ten
 years. Fixtures, which are comprised primarily of leasehold improvements
 and
 equipment under capital leases, are amortized on a straight-line basis over
 their estimated useful lives or for leasehold improvements, the related lease
 term, if less. We have capitalized certain internal use software and Website
 development costs which are included in property and equipment. The estimated
 useful life of costs capitalized is evaluated for each specific project and
 ranges from one to seven years . 

(j) Goodwill
 and Purchased Intangible Assets 

Goodwill
 represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net
 tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination.
 Intangible assets resulting from the acquisitions of entities accounted for
 using the purchase method of accounting are recorded at the estimated fair
 value
 of the assets acquired. Identifiable intangible assets are comprised of
 purchased customer relationships, trademarks and trade names, developed
 technologies and other intangible assets. Identifiable intangible assets
 are
 amortized using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives ranging
 from two to twenty years. In accordance with SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible
 Assets SFAS 142 ), goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite
 lives are not amortized but tested annually for impairment or more frequently
 if
 we believe indicators of impairment exist. The performance of the impairment
 test involves a two-step process. The first step involves comparing the fair
 values of the applicable 

43 

reporting
 units with their aggregate carrying values, including goodwill. We generally
 determine the fair value of our reporting units using the income approach
 methodology of valuation. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds
 the
 reporting unit s fair value, we perform the second step of the test to determine
 the amount of impairment loss. The second step involves measuring the impairment
 by comparing the implied fair values of the affected reporting unit s goodwill
 and intangible assets with the respective carrying values. We completed the
 required impairment review at the end of 2007, 2006 and 2005 and concluded
 that
 there were no impairments. Consequently, no impairment charges were
 recorded. 

(k Long-Lived
 Assets 

We
 account for long-lived assets, which include property and equipment and
 identifiable intangible assets with finite useful lives (subject to
 amortization), in accordance with the provisions of SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment
 or
 Disposal of Long-Lived Assets SFAS 144 ). SFAS 144 requires that
 long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be
 recoverable. Recoverability is measured by comparing the carrying amount
 of an
 asset to the expected future net cash flows generated by the asset. If it
 is
 determined that the asset may not be recoverable, and if the carrying amount
 of
 an asset exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment charge is recognized
 to
 the extent of the difference. 

We
 assessed whether events or changes in circumstances have occurred that
 potentially indicate the carrying amount of long-lived assets may not be
 recoverable. We concluded that there were no such events or changes in
 circumstances during 2007, 2006 or 2005. Net long-lived assets, including
 intangible assets subject to amortization, amounted to 50.3 million and
 38.3
 million as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. 

(l) Income
 Taxes 

Our
 income is subject to taxation in both the U.S. and numerous foreign
 jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions
 and determining our provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course
 of
 business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate
 tax determination is uncertain. We establish reserves for tax-related
 uncertainties based on estimates of whether, and the extent to which, additional
 taxes will be due. These reserves for tax contingencies are established
 when we
 believe that certain positions might be challenged despite our belief that
 our
 tax return positions are fully supportable. We adjust these reserves in
 light of
 changing facts and circumstances, such as the outcome of a tax audit. The
 provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve provisions and
 changes
 to reserves that are considered appropriate. 

Deferred
 income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method as
 prescribed by SFAS No. 109, Accounting for Income
 Taxes
 SFAS 109 ). Under SFAS 109, deferred tax assets are evaluated for
 future realization and reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent a portion
 will not be realized. We consider many factors when assessing the likelihood
 of
 future realization of our deferred tax assets, including our recent cumulative
 earnings experience and expectations of future taxable income by taxing
 jurisdiction, the carryforward periods available to us for tax reporting
 purposes, and other relevant factors. Deferred income tax balances reflect
 the
 effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
 liabilities and their tax bases and are stated at enacted tax rates expected
 to
 be in effect when taxes are actually paid or recovered. The majority of our
 gross deferred tax assets relate to net operating loss carryforwards that
 related to differences in stock-based compensation between the financial
 statements and our tax returns. 

Effective
 January 1, 2007, we adopted the provisions of FASB Interpretation
 No. 48, Accounting for
 Uncertainty in Income Taxes An Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109
 FIN 48 ). FIN
 48 contains a
 two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions.
 The
 first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining
 if the
 weight of available evidence indicates it is more likely than not that
 the
 position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related
 appeals or
 litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit
 as
 the largest amount which is more than 50 likely of being realized upon
 ultimate
 settlement. We consider many factors when evaluating and estimating our tax
 positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments. At
 the
 adoption date of January 1, 2007, we had 25.0 million in liabilities
 for
 uncertain tax position, including 6.1 million recognized under FAS 5
 and
 carried forward from prior years and an additional charge of 18.9 million
 to
 retained earnings (see Note 8. Income Taxes). 

(m) Stock-Based
 Compensation 

Effective
 January 1, 2006, we adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 123 (revised 2004),
 Share-Based Payment SFAS
 123(R) ), which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense
 based on estimated fair value of all stock-based payment awards, including
 stock
 options, employee stock purchases under employee stock purchase plans and
 non-vested stock awards (such as restricted stock). SFAS 123(R) supersedes
 SFAS
 No. 123, Accounting for
 Stock-Based Compensation SFAS 123 ). We elected to use the modified
 prospective method as permitted by SFAS 123(R), under which the consolidated
 financial statements 

44 

for
 prior
 periods are not restated for comparative purposes to reflect the impact of
 SFAS
 123(R). The modified prospective method requires that stock-based compensation
 expense be recorded for (a) any stock-based payments granted through December
 31, 2005, but not yet vested as of December 31, 2005, based on the grant
 date
 fair value estimated in accordance with the pro forma provisions of SFAS
 123,
 and (b) any stock-based payments granted or modified subsequent to December
 31,
 2005, based on the grant date fair value estimated in accordance with the
 provisions of SFAS 123(R). In
 March
 2005, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No. 107 SAB 107 ),
 which provided supplemental implementation guidance for SFAS 123(R). We have
 applied the provisions of SAB 107 in our adoption of SFAS
 123(R). 

SFAS
 123(R) requires companies to estimate the fair value of stock-based payment
 awards on the date of the grant using an option pricing model. The fair
 value of
 the awards is recognized as stock-based compensation expense over the requisite
 employee service period (see Note 10. Stock Options and Employee Stock
 Purchase
 Plan). 

Prior
 to
 the adoption of SFAS 123(R), we accounted for stock-based compensation awards
 using the intrinsic value method under Accounting Principles Board Opinion
 No. 25, Accounting for Stock
 Issued to Employees APB 25 and related guidance. The cumulative
 effect upon adoption of SFAS 123(R) was not material. 

The
 table
 below sets forth the pro forma effect on 2005 net earnings and net earnings
 per
 share computed as if we had valued stock-based awards to employees using
 the
 Black-Scholes option pricing model and recorded stock-based compensation
 expense
 instead of applying the guidelines provided by APB 25 (in thousands, except
 share and per share amounts): 

Year
 Ended 

December
 31, 2005 

Net
 earnings, as reported 

50,618 

Add: 

Amortization
 of stock-based compensation 

included
 in reported net income, net of related 

tax
 effects 

505 

Deduct: 

Stock
 based employee compensation expense 

determined
 under the fair value-based method, 

net
 of related tax effect 

(3,526) 

Pro
 forma net earnings 

47,597 

Basic
 net earnings per common share: 

As
 reported 

1.05 

Pro
 forma 

0.99 

Diluted
 net earnings per common share: 

As
 reported 

0.99 

Pro
 forma 

0.94 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding 

Basic 

48,224,818 

Diluted 

50,609,630 

We
 account for option grants to non-employees using the guidance of SFAS 123(R)
 and
 EITF No. 96-18, Accounting for
 Equity Instruments That are Issued to Other Than Employees for Acquiring,
 or in
 Conjunction with Selling, Goods and Services , whereby the fair value of
 such options is determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model at
 the
 earlier of the date at which the non-employee s performance is complete or a
 performance commitment is reached. 

In
 December 2007, the SEC issued SAB No. 110, Certain Assumptions
 Used in
 Valuation Methods Expected Term SAB 110 ). According to SAB 110,
 under certain circumstances the SEC Staff will continue to accept beyond
 December 31, 2007 the use of the simplified method in developing an estimate
 of
 expected term of share options that possess certain characteristics in
 accordance with SFAS 123(R) beyond December 31, 2007. We will adopt SAB
 110
 effective January 1, 2008 and continue to use the simplified method in
 developing the expected term used for our valuation of stock-based
 compensation. 

45 

(n) Earnings
 Per Common Share 

In
 December 2007, the SEC issued SAB No. 110, Certain Assumptions
 Used in
 Valuation Methods Expected Term SAB 110 ). According to SAB 110,
 under certain circumstances the SEC Staff will continue to accept beyond
 December 31, 2007 the use of the simplified method in developing an estimate
 of
 expected term of share options that possess certain characteristics in
 accordance with SFAS 123(R) beyond December 31, 2007. We will adopt SAB
 110
 effective January 1, 2008 and continue to use the simplified method in
 developing the expected term used for our valuation of stock-based
 compensation. 

(o) Research,
 Development and Engineering 

Research,
 development and engineering costs are expensed as incurred. Costs for software
 development incurred subsequent to establishing technological feasibility,
 in
 the form of a working model, are capitalized and amortized over their estimated
 useful lives. To date, software development costs incurred after technological
 feasibility has been established have not been material. 

(p) Segment
 Reporting 

SFAS
 No.
 131, Disclosure About Segments
 of an Enterprise and Related Information SFAS 131 ), establishes
 standards for the way that public business enterprises report information
 about
 operating segments in annual consolidated financial statements and requires
 that
 those enterprises report selected information about operating segments in
 interim financial reports. SFAS 131 also establishes standards for related
 disclosures about products and services, geographic areas and major customers.

We
 operate in one reportable segment: value-added messaging and communications
 services, which provides for the delivery and handling of fax, voice and
 email
 messages and communications via the telephone and/or Internet
 networks. 

(q) Comprehensive
 Income 

SFAS
 130,
 Reporting Comprehensive
 Income , establishes standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive
 income and its components in the consolidated financial statements.
 Comprehensive income includes net earnings and accumulated other comprehensive
 income/(loss). The change in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
 for
 all periods presented resulted from foreign currency translation
 adjustments. 

(r) Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements 

In
 September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements 
 SFAS 157 ), which defines fair value, provides a framework for measuring fair
 value and expands the disclosures required for fair value measurements. SFAS
 157
 applies to all accounting pronouncements that require fair value measurements;
 it does not require any new fair value measurements. For fiscal years beginning
 after November 15, 2007, companies will be required to implement SFAS 157
 for
 financial assets and liabilities, as well as for any other assets and
 liabilities that are carried at fair value on a recurring basis in financial
 statements. On November 14, 2007, the FASB deferred the effective date of
 Statement 157 for all nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities, except
 those that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements
 on a recurring basis (at least annually), until fiscal years beginning after
 November 15, 2008. Accordingly, we will adopt SFAS 157 with respect to financial
 assets and liabilities commencing in the first quarter of 2008. We are currently
 assessing the potential impact of SFAS 157 on our consolidated financial
 statements. 

In
 February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS
 No. 159, The
 Fair Value
 Option for Financial Assets and Liabilities - Including an Amendment of
 FASB
 Statement No. 115 SFAS
 159 .
 SFAS 159 permits
 entities
 to choose to measure certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value.
 Unrealized gains and losses, arising subsequent to adoption, are reported
 in
 earnings. SFAS 159 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November
 15,
 2007 and, accordingly, we will adopt SFAS 159 in the first quarter of 2008.
 We
 are currently assessing the impact of SFAS 159 on our consolidated financial
 statements . 

In
 December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141 (revised 2007), Business
 Combinations SFAS 141(R) ). SFAS 141(R) establishes principles and
 requirements for how the acquiror of a business (a) recognizes and measures
 in
 its financial statements the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities
 assumed, and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree; (b) recognizes
 and
 measures in its financial statements the goodwill acquired in the business
 combination or a gain from a bargain purchase; and (c) determines what
 information to disclose to enable users of the financial statements to
 evaluate
 the nature and financial effects of the business combination. SFAS 141(R)
 is
 effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15, 2008 and,
 accordingly, we will apply SFAS 141(R) for acquisitions effected subsequent
 to
 the date of adoption. 

In
 December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160, Noncontrolling Interests
 in
 Consolidated Financial Statements an Amendment of Accounting Research Bulletin
 No. 51 SFAS 160 ). SFAS 160 establishes accounting and
 reporting standards for 

46 

ownership
 interests in subsidiaries held by parties other than the parent, the amount
 of
 consolidated net income attributable to the parent and to the noncontrolling
 interest, changes in a parent s ownership interest, and the valuation of
 retained noncontrolling equity investments when a subsidiary is deconsolidated.
 SFAS 160 also establishes disclosure requirements that clearly identify and
 distinguish between the interests of the parent and the interests of the
 noncontrolling owners. SFAS 160 is effective beginning January 1, 2009. We
 are currently assessing the potential impact of SFAS 160 on our
 consolidated financial statements. 

In
 December 2007, the SEC issued SAB No. 110, Certain Assumptions
 Used in
 Valuation Methods Expected Term SAB 110 ). According to SAB 110,
 under certain circumstances the SEC staff will continue to accept beyond
 December 31, 2007 the use of the simplified method in developing an estimate
 of
 expected term of share options that possess certain characteristics in
 accordance with SFAS 123(R) beyond December 31, 2007. We will adopt SAB
 110
 effective January 1, 2008 and continue to use the simplified method in
 developing the expected term used for our valuation of stock-based
 compensation. 

3. 
 Business Acquisitions 

During
 2007, we completed two acquisitions, neither of which was material to our
 financial position at the dates of acquisition. In July 2007, we acquired
 YAC
 Limited YAC ), an Ireland-based provider of messaging services whose customers
 are predominantly located in the United Kingdom. In connection with the
 acquisition, we paid cash in exchange for all outstanding shares of capital
 stock. The purchase price, including acquisition costs, was 8.5 million
 of
 which 1.6 million was a contingent holdback on the date of acquisition.
 The
 purchase price included 58,000 of property and equipment and 321,000
 of other
 assets acquired and liabilities assumed at acquisition. The excess of the
 purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net tangible liabilities
 acquired amounted to 7.9 million, of which 3.9 million was allocated
 to
 identifiable intangible assets and 4.0 million was allocated to goodwill.
 In
 December 2007, we paid 1.1 million of capital gain tax in lieu of the
 holdback
 and received from the seller a purchase price adjustment of 0.1 million
 in cash
 and an additional 0.1 million as an offset to the
 holdback. 

In
 December 2007, we purchased for cash substantially all of the operations
 of
 RapidFAX, a division of EasyLink Services International Corporation, a
 Georgia
 provider of digital fax, electronic data interchange and other services.
 The
 purchase price, including acquisition costs, was approximately 5.3 million,
 of
 which 795,000 was a contingent holdback on the date of acquisition. Of
 the 5.3
 million purchase price, 1.6 million was allocated to identifiable intangible
 assets and 3.7 million was allocated to goodwill. 

During
 2006, we completed one acquisition, which was not material to our financial
 position at the date of acquisition. In July 2006, we purchased substantially
 all of the assets and operations of Send2Fax, LLC Send2Fax ), a South Carolina
 provider of Internet fax services. The purchase price, including acquisition
 costs, was 7.2 million of which 800,000 was a contingent holdback on
 the date
 of acquisition. The purchase price also included current assets of 41,000,
 property and equipment of 99,000 and current liabilities assumed at acquisition
 of 248,000. The contingent holdback amount was released in full. Additionally,
 a revenue-based contingent earn-out of 850,000 was paid in January 2007.
 The
 excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net tangible
 liabilities acquired amounted to 8.2 million, of which 1.8 million was
 allocated to identifiable intangible assets and 6.4 million was allocated
 to
 goodwill. 

During
 2005, we completed three acquisitions, none of which was material to our
 financial position at the dates of acquisition. In January 2005, we purchased
 for cash substantially all of the assets and operations of a European provider
 of fax-to-email and unified messaging services. The purchase price (in
 U.S.
 Dollars), including acquisition costs, was 3.6 million. The excess of
 the
 purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net tangible assets
 acquired
 amounted to 3.7 million, of which 1.4 million was allocated to identifiable
 intangible assets and 2.3 million was allocated to goodwill. In June 2005,
 we
 purchased for cash substantially all of the assets and operations of a
 California provider of fax-to-email and unified messaging services. The
 purchase
 price, including acquisition costs, was 4.4 million of which 500,000
 was a
 contingent holdback on the date of acquisition. In December 2005, we released
 one half, or 250,000, of the unused portion of the contingent holdback
 amount
 and the remaining unused portion was released in June 2006. The excess
 of the
 purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net tangible assets
 acquired
 amounted to 3.7 million, of which 1.5 million was allocated to identifiable
 intangible assets and 2.2 million was allocated to goodwill. In November
 2005,
 we purchased for cash substantially all of the assets and operations of
 a
 European provider of fax-to-email and unified messaging services. The purchase
 price (in U.S. Dollars), including acquisition costs, was 3.1 million.
 The
 excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net tangible
 assets acquired amounted to 3.5 million, of which 0.7 million was allocated
 to
 identifiable intangible assets and 2.8 million was allocated to
 goodwill. 

We
 accounted for all of the above transactions using the purchase method and,
 accordingly, the results of operations related to these acquisitions have
 been
 included in the consolidated results of j2 Global since the date of each
 respective acquisition. The results of operations for these entities during
 periods prior to our acquisition were not material to our consolidated
 results
 of operations and, accordingly, pro forma results of operations have not
 been
 presented. 

47 

4. Property
 and Equipment 

Property
 and equipment, stated at cost, at December 31, 2007 and 2006 consisted of
 the
 following (in thousands): 

2007 

2006 

Computers
 and related equipment 

49,982 

39,880 

Furniture
 and equipment 

984 

793 

Capital
 leases 

569 

1,016 

Leasehold
 improvements 

2,663 

1,755 

54,198 

43,444 

Less:
 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

(30,687) 

(24,493) 

Total
 property and equipment, net 

23,511 

18,951 

Included
 in accumulated amortization at December 31, 2007 and 2006 is 569,000 and
 832,000, respectively, related to capital leases. Amortization expense related
 to capital leases aggregated 3,000, 38,000 and 186,000 for the years ended
 December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Depreciation expense was
 6.2
 million, 5.7 million and 5.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2007,
 2006 and 2005, respectively. 

5. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

Pursuant
 to SFAS 142, we completed the
 annual impairment review of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
 assets
 for the years 2007, 2006 and 2005. We concluded that the fair values of our
 goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets were in excess of their carrying
 values as of December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005. Consequently, no impairment
 charges were recorded. 

The
 changes in carrying amounts of goodwill and other intangible assets for the
 year
 ended December 31, 2007 were as follows (in thousands): 

Balance
 as of 

 January
 1, 2007 

Additions 

Amortization 

Deductions
 (1) 

Foreign
 Exchange Translation 

Balance
 as of 

 December
 31, 2007 

Goodwill 

30,954 

8,019 

479 

39,452 

Intangible
 assets with indefinite lives 

2,063 

321 

2,384 

Intangible
 assets subject to amortization 

19,337 

11,187 

(3,896) 

208 

26,836 

Other
 unallocated 

Total 

52,354 

19,527 

(3,896) 

687 

68,672 

48 

The
 changes in carrying amount of goodwill and other intangible assets for the
 year
 ended December 31, 2006 were as follows (in thousands): 

Balance
 as of 

 January
 1, 2006 

Additions 

Amortization 

Deductions
 (1) 

Foreign
 Exchange Translation 

Balance
 as of 

 December
 31, 2006 

Goodwill 

19,942 

10,180 

(160) 

992 

30,954 

Intangible
 assets with indefinite lives 

1,590 

470 

3 

2,063 

Intangible
 assets subject to amortization 

15,270 

6,081 

(2,553) 

539 

19,337 

Other
 unallocated 

3,439 

(3,439) 

Total 

40,241 

13,292 

(2,553) 

(160) 

1,534 

52,354 

The
 changes in carrying amount of goodwill and other intangible assets for the
 year
 ended December 31, 2005 were as follows (in thousands): 

Balance
 as of 

 January
 1, 2005 

Additions 

Amortization 

Deductions
 (1) 

Foreign
 Exchange Translation 

Balance
 as of 

 December
 31, 2005 

Goodwill 

19,434 

5,099 

(3,772) 

(819) 

19,942 

Intangible
 assets with indefinite lives 

1,409 

182 

(1) 

1,590 

Intangible
 assets subject to amortization 

9,847 

7,754 

(1,988) 

(343) 

15,270 

Other
 unallocated 

3,485 

(46) 

3,439 

Total 

30,690 

16,520 

(1,988) 

(3,772) 

(1,209) 

40,241 

(1) Deductions
 principally relate to the reversal of deferred tax asset valuation allowances
 related to acquired entities. 

Intangible
 assets with indefinite lives relate primarily to a trade name. As of December
 31, 2007, intangible assets subject to amortization relate primarily to the
 following (in thousands): 

Weighted-Average 

 Amortization 

 Period 

Historical 

 Cost 

Accumulated 

 Amortization 

Net 

Patents 

8.82
 years 

20,841 

5,451 

15,390 

Technology 

2.97
 years 

4,106 

3,168 

938 

Customer
 relationships 

3.86
 years 

5,601 

2,528 

3,073 

Trade
 name 

16.02
 years 

8,404 

969 

7,435 

Total 

38,952 

12,116 

26,836 

As
 of
 December 31, 2006, intangible assets subject to amortization relate primarily
 to
 the following (in thousands): 

Weighted-Average 

 Amortization 

 Period 

Historical 

 Cost 

Accumulated 

 Amortization 

Net 

Patents 

10.7
 years 

15,189 

3,059 

12,130 

Technology 

2.5
 years 

3,372 

2,982 

390 

Customer
 relationships 

4.7
 years 

3,603 

1,686 

1,917 

Trade
 name 

16.6
 years 

5,420 

520 

4,900 

Total 

27,584 

8,247 

19,337 

As
 of
 December 31, 2005, intangible assets subject to amortization relate primarily
 to
 the following (in thousands): 

Weighted-Average 

 Amortization 

 Period 

Historical 

 Cost 

Accumulated 

 Amortization 

Net 

Patents 

10.4
 years 

11,600 

1,566 

10,034 

Technology 

2.0
 years 

2,901 

2,801 

100 

Customer
 relationships 

4.9
 years 

2,942 

1,073 

1,869 

Trade
 name 

17.5
 years 

3,467 

200 

3,267 

Total 

20,910 

5,640 

15,270 

Expected
 amortization expense for intangible assets subject to amortization at December
 31, 2007, are as follows (in thousands): 

Fiscal
 Year: 

2008 

4,785 

2009 

4,517 

2010 

3,519 

2011 

2,336 

2012 

2,122 

Thereafter 

9,557 

Total
 expected amortization expense 

26,836 

Amortization
 expense was 3.9 million, 2.6 million and 2.0 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. 

49 

6. 
 Commitments and Contingencies 

Leases 

We
 lease
 certain facilities and equipment under non-cancelable capital and operating
 leases, which expire at various dates through 2021. Future minimum lease
 payments at December 31, 2007, under non-cancelable operating leases (with
 initial or remaining lease terms in excess of one year) and future minimum
 capital lease payments are as follows (in thousands): 

Operating 

 Leases 

Fiscal
 Year: 

2008 

1,486 

2009 

1,337 

2010 

347 

2011 

112 

2012 

112 

Thereafter 

892 

Total
 minimum lease payments 

4,286 

Rental
 expense for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 was approximately
 1.6 million, 1.7 million and 1.5 million, respectively. 

7. 
 Litigation 

In
 February 2004 and July 2005, we filed two lawsuits against Venali in the
 United
 States District Court for the Central District of California for infringement
 of
 several of our U.S. patents. On June 21, 2006, Venali filed suit against
 us and
 our affiliate in the United States District Court for the Southern District
 of
 Florida, alleging violations of antitrust law and various related claims
 arising
 out of our procurement and enforcement of our patents. In lieu of any response
 to Venali s complaint, the parties reached an agreement whereby Venali dismissed
 its complaint without prejudice and re-filed certain of its claims as
 counterclaims in the patent infringement actions in California. On December
 27,
 2006, Venali filed amended counterclaims in the July 2005 action alleging
 several violations of antitrust law (fraudulent procurement of patents,
 fraudulent enforcement of patents, tying and attempted monopolization) as
 well
 as tortious interference with business relationships, trademark infringement
 and
 unfair and deceptive trade practices. Venali is seeking damages, including
 treble damages for the antitrust claims, injunctive relief, attorneys fees and
 costs. Venali s claims relate in substantial part to the patent infringement
 claims by us against Venali. On April 13, 2007, the court granted in part
 our
 motion to dismiss Venali s counterclaims, dismissing the tying claim with leave
 to amend. Venali has also voluntarily dismissed all of its counterclaims
 except
 those alleging antitrust violations based on our procurement and enforcement
 of
 our patents. On May 11, 2007, the court entered a claim construction order
 regarding the disputed terms of the patents-in-suit. Since that time, the
 parties have been engaged in extensive discovery. On December 7, 2007, Venali
 filed a motion for partial summary judgment of non-infringement. Our opposition
 to that motion is not yet due. Trial is currently scheduled for October
 2008. 

In
 January 2006, we filed a complaint in the United States District Court for
 the
 Central District of California against Protus asserting causes of action
 for
 violation of the Federal Telephone Consumer Protection Act, trespass to
 chattels, and unfair business practices as a result of Protus sending junk
 faxes to us and our customers. We are seeking statutory and treble damages,
 attorneys fees, interest and costs, as well as a permanent injunction against
 Protus continuing its junk fax sending practices. In September 2007, Protus
 filed a counterclaim against us asserting the same causes of action as those
 asserted against it, as well as claims for false advertising, trade libel,
 tortious interference with prospective economic advantage and defamation.
 Protus
 is seeking statutory and treble damages, attorneys fees, interest and
 costs, as well as a permanent injunction against us sending any more junk
 faxes.
 Trial is currently set for October 2008. 

On
 December 12, 2006, Venali filed suit against us in the United States District
 Court for the Southern District of Florida, alleging infringement of U.S.
 Patent
 Number 7,114,004 (the 004 Patent ). Venali is seeking damages in the amount
 of lost profits or a reasonable royalty, a permanent injunction against
 continued infringement, treble damages, attorneys fees, interest and costs. On

50 

March
 6,
 2007, we filed an answer to the complaint denying liability. On May 17, 2007,
 we
 filed a request with the U.S. Patent Trademark Office for reexamination of
 the 004 Patent, which request was granted on July 27, 2007. On August 13, 2007,
 we moved to stay the action pending the reexamination. On August 20, 2007,
 the
 court granted the motion and stayed the action pending reexamination of the
 patent. 

On
 May 9,
 2007, Bear Creek Technologies, Inc. Bear Creek filed suit against us in the
 United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, alleging
 infringement of U.S. Patent Number 6,685,494. Bear Creek is seeking damages
 in
 at least the amount of a reasonable royalty, a permanent injunction against
 continued infringement, treble damages, attorneys fees, interest and costs. On
 June 29, 2007, we filed an answer to the complaint denying liability, asserting
 affirmative defenses, and asserting counterclaims of non-infringement and
 invalidity. On September 21, 2007, Bear Creek filed its reply to our
 counterclaims, denying each one. On February 11, 2008 we filed a request
 for reexamination of the 494 patent. The claim construction hearing is set
 for April 28, 2008, and jury selection for trial in the matter is set
 for April 7, 2009. 

On
 June
 21, 2007, Integrated Global Concepts, Inc. IGC filed a lawsuit against us,
 certain of our current and former officers and/or directors, one of our
 affiliates, and several other parties in the United States District Court
 for
 the Northern District of Illinois. The suit purports to allege violations
 of
 antitrust law, the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act and
 various related statutory and common law claims arising out of our procurement
 and enforcement of our patents and our acquisition of certain companies.
 IGC s
 claims relate in substantial part to a patent infringement action by our
 affiliate against IGC. The suit seeks damages, including treble and punitive
 damages, an injunction against further violations, divestiture of certain
 assets, attorneys fees and costs. On October 31, 2007, the Court stayed this
 action pending resolution of the related case in the Northern District of
 Georgia described below. On January 20, 2008, the Court dismissed this case
 with
 leave to reinstate it on or before December 31, 2008. 

On
 October 11, 2007, IGC filed substantially the same claims it previously filed
 in
 the Northern District of Illinois as counterclaims in a pending patent
 infringement case in the United States District Court for the Northern District
 of Georgia brought against IGC by our affiliate. Like the prior lawsuit,
 IGC s
 counterclaims name us, certain of our current and former officers and/or
 directors, one of our affiliates, and several other parties, and purport
 to
 allege violations of antitrust law, the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
 Organizations Act and various related statutory and common law claims arising
 out of our procurement and enforcement of our patents and our acquisition
 of
 certain companies. The counterclaims seek damages, including treble and punitive
 damages, an injunction against further violations, divestiture of certain
 assets, attorneys fees and costs. On December 7, 2007, we filed motions to
 dismiss IGC s counterclaims that are pending before the court. 

On
 June
 29, 2007, a purported class action was filed by Justin Lynch as the named
 plaintiff in the United States District Court for the Central District of
 California alleging that we have attempted to monopolize and/or monopolized
 the
 market for Internet facsimile services to home and small offices in violation
 of
 Section 2 of the Sherman Act. The claims relate in substantial part to the
 patent infringement actions by us against various companies. The suit seeks
 treble damages, injunctive relief, attorneys fees and costs. On August 24,
 2007, we filed an answer to the complaint denying liability. On January 28,
 2008, the court entered an order staying this case until June 2,
 2008. 

We
 do not
 believe, based on current knowledge, that the foregoing legal proceedings
 are
 likely to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position,
 results of operations or cash flows. However, we may incur substantial expenses
 in defending against these claims. In the event of a determination adverse
 to j2
 Global, it may incur substantial monetary liability, which could have a material
 adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations
 or
 cash flows. In accordance with SFAS 5, Accounting for Contingencies ,
 we have not accrued for a loss contingency relating to these legal proceedings
 because we believe that, although unfavorable outcomes in the proceedings
 may be
 reasonably possible, they are not considered by management to be probable
 or
 reasonably estimable. 

8. Income
 Taxes 

The
 provision for income tax consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Current: 

Federal 

21,764 

17,660 

17,548 

State 

3,557 

2,613 

2,770 

Foreign 

1,467 

1,789 

553 

Total
 current 

26,788 

22,062 

20,871 

Deferred: 

Federal 

136 

(1,535) 

827 

State 

141 

(208) 

1,200 

Foreign 

(65) 

(218) 

106 

Total
 deferred 

212 

(1,961) 

2,133 

Total
 provision 

27,000 

20,101 

23,004 

51 

A
 reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate with j2 Global s
 effective income tax rate is as follows: 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Statutory
 tax rate 

35.0 

35.0 

35.0 

State
 income taxes, net 

2.5 

2.1 

3.5 

Foreign
 rate differential 

(15.1) 

(15.9) 

(9.8) 

Tax
 contingency reserve 

6.3 

6.0 

2.2 

Other 

(0.4) 

0.2 

0.3 

Effective
 tax rates 

28.3 

27.4 

31.2 

Our
 effective rate for each year is normally lower than the 35.0 U.S. federal
 statutory income tax rate primarily due to earnings of our subsidiaries outside
 of the U.S. in jurisdictions where the effective tax rate is lower than in
 the
 U.S. 

Uncertain
 Tax Positions 

We
 adopted FIN 48 as of January 1, 2007 (See Note 2. Basis of Presentation
 and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) and accrued liabilities
 for
 unrecognized tax benefits in accordance with the requirement of FIN 48.
 At the
 adoption date of January 1, 2007, we had 25.0 million in liabilities for
 uncertain tax position, including 6.1 million recognized under FAS 5 and
 carried forward from prior years and 18.9 million recognized upon adoption
 of
 FIN 48 as a reduction to retained earnings. During 2007, we recognized
 a net
 increase of 5.9 million in liabilities and at December 31, 2007, had 30.9
 million in liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. Included in this
 liability
 amount were 1.9 million accrued for the related interest, net of federal
 income
 tax benefits, and 0.5 million for the related penalty recorded in income
 tax
 expense on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

The
 reconciliation of our unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in
 thousands): 

Balance
 at January 1, 2007 

24,965 

Increases
 related to positions taken on items from prior years 

197 

Decreases
 related to positions taken on items from prior years 

(645) 

Increases
 related to positions taken in 2007 

6,233 

Decreases
 due to expiration of statues of limitations 

(1,091) 

Related
 interest and penalty, tax effected 

1,204 

Balance
 at December 31, 2007 

30,863 

At
 this
 point it is not possible to provide an estimate of the amount, if any,
 of
 significant changes in unrecorded tax benefits that are reasonably possible
 to
 occur in the next 12 months. Uncertain tax positions that are
 reasonably possible to significantly change during the next 12 months as a
 result of the expiration of statute of limitations for specific taxing
 jurisidctions relate to transfer pricing, utilized net operating losses
 and
 foreign permanent establishments. 

Deferred
 tax assets and liabilities result from differences between the financial
 statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities.
 Temporary differences and carryforwards which give rise to deferred tax assets
 and liabilities are as follows (in thousands): 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Deferred
 tax assets: 

Net
 operating loss carryforwards 

2,991 

3,128 

Tax
 credit carryforwards 

400 

400 

Accrued
 expenses 

634 

2,728 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 

2,815 

1,735 

Other 

996 

58 

Net
 deferred assets 

7,836 

8,049 

52 

As
 of
 December 31, 2007, we had utilizable federal and state (California) net
 operating loss carryforwards NOLs of approximately 6.2 million and 6.7
 million, respectively, after considering substantial restrictions on the
 utilization of these NOLs due to ownership changes , as defined in the Internal
 Revenue Code. We currently estimate that all of the above-mentioned federal
 and
 state NOLs will be available for use before their expiration. These NOLs
 expire
 through the year 2021 for the federal and 2014 for the state. In addition,
 as of
 December 31, 2007, we had state research and development tax credits of 0.4
 million, which last indefinitely. 

As
 of
 December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, U.S. income taxes have not been assessed
 on
 approximately 82.8 million, 62.8 million and 22.1 million, respectively,
 of
 undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries because management considers
 these earnings to be invested indefinitely. 

During
 2007, 2006 and 2005, we recorded
 tax benefits of approximately 0.8 million, 1.6 million and 9.5 million
 from
 the exercise of non-qualifying stock options, restricted stock and disqualifying
 dispositions of incentive stock options as a reduction of our income tax
 liability and an increase in equity, respectively. 

We
 are currently under audit by the
 Internal Revenue Service for the 2005 tax year. While it is possible that
 the
 2005 tax audit may conclude in the next 12 months and that the unrecognized
 tax
 benefits we have recorded in relation to this audit may change compared to
 the
 liabilities recorded for the period, it is not possible to estimate the effect,
 if any, of any amount of such change during the next 12 months to recorded
 liabilities. 

9. 
 Stockholders Equity 

(a) Warrants 

In
 connection with a private placement offering completed in June 1998, we issued
 warrants Warrants to acquire shares of our common stock with an exercise
 price of 2.40 per share, which expired in June 2005. During 2005, warrants
 to
 acquire 455,936 shares were exercised resulting in 432,002 shares of common
 stock being issued. There were no Warrants outstanding at December 31, 2007
 and
 2006. 

In
 addition to the Warrants described above, in 1999 we issued warrants to a
 financing company and an Internet service provider to purchase an aggregate
 of
 279,164 shares of common stock at 2.40 per share. As of December 31, 2007,
 none of these warrants were outstanding as the remaining warrants to purchase
 29,164 shares expired in April 2005. 

(b) Share
 Repurchase Program 

In
 March
 2006, j2 Global s Board of Directors approved a common stock repurchase program
 authorizing the repurchase of up to two million shares of our common
 stock
 through December 2008. On April 26, 2006, we entered into a Rule 10b5-1
 trading
 plan with a broker to facilitate the repurchase program. For the years
 ended
 December 31, 2007 and 2006, we purchased 1,529,100 and 470,900 shares
 of common
 stock under this program, respectively, at a total cost of 42.4 million
 and
 11.6 million, respectively, representing an average price per share
 of 27.71
 and 24.62, respectively. During 2007, we completed the repurchase program,
 having repurchased all two million shares of common stock authorized
 under the
 program. In February 2008, j2 Global s Board of Directors approved a common
 stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to five million
 shares
 of our common stock through the end of December 2010 (see Note 18. Subsequent
 Events). 

(c) Stock
 Split 

On
 May 25, 2006, we effected a
 two-for-one stock split of our common stock in the form of a stock dividend,
 to
 each shareholder of record at the close of business on May 15, 2006. All
 historical share and per share amounts contained in the accompanying
 consolidated financial statements and related notes have been retroactively
 restated to reflect this change in our capital structure. 

10. 
 Stock Options and Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Effective
 January 1, 2006, j2 Global adopted the provisions of SFAS 123(R), which
 require
 the measurement and recognition of compensation expense based on estimated
 fair
 value of all stock-based payment awards including stock options, employee
 stock
 purchases under employee stock purchase plans and non-vested stock awards
 (such
 as restricted stock). (see section (m) Stock-Based Compensation 
 contained in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements). 

Our
 stock-based compensation plans include the 2007 Stock Option Plan, Second
 Amended and Restated 1997 Stock Option Plan and 2001 Employee Stock
 Purchase Plan (each is described below). 

53 

(a) Second
 Amended and Restated 1997 Stock Option Plan and 2007 Stock Option
 Plan 

In
 October 2007, j2 Global s Board of Directors adopted the j2 Global
 Communications, Inc. 2007 Stock Option Plan (the 2007 Plan ). The 2007 Plan
 provides for the granting of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock
 options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock
 units and
 other stock-based awards. The number of authorized shares of common stock
 that
 may be used for 2007 Plan purposes is 4,500,000. Options under the
 2007 Plan may be granted at exercise prices determined by the Board of
 Directors, provided that the exercise prices shall not be less than the
 fair
 market value of j2 Global s common stock on the date of grant for incentive
 stock options and not less than 85 of the fair market value of j2 Global s
 common stock on the date of grant for non-statutory stock options. 

In
 November 1997, j2 Global s Board of Directors adopted the j2 Global
 Communications, Inc. 1997 Stock Option Plan (the 1997 Plan ), which was twice
 amended and restated. The 1997 Plan terminated in 2007. A total of 12,000,000
 shares of common stock were authorized to be used for 1997 Plan purposes
 . An
 additional 840,000 shares were authorized for issuance upon exercise of
 options
 granted outside the 1997 Plan. 

At
 December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, options to purchase 2,827,439, 3,091,596,
 and
 2,611,966 shares of common stock were exercisable under and outside of
 the 2007
 Plan and the 1997 Plan combined, at weighted average exercise prices of
 4.77,
 4.36 and 2.32, respectively. Stock options generally expire after 10
 years and
 vest over a four- to five-year period. 

Stock
 Options 

Stock
 option activity for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 is
 summarized as follows: 

Number
 of 

 Shares 

Weighted-Average 

 Exercise
 Price 

Weighted-Average 

 Remaining 

 Contractual 

 Life (In
 Years) 

Aggregate 

 Intrinsic
 Value 

Options
 outstanding at December 31, 2004 

5,128,244 

3.42 

Granted 

1,457,098 

18.88 

Exercised 

(1,517,718) 

1.92 

Canceled 

(196,032) 

13.88 

Options
 outstanding at December 31, 2005 

4,871,592 

8.09 

Granted 

150,000 

23.73 

Exercised 

(228,883) 

4.05 

Canceled 

(153,095) 

17.93 

Options
 outstanding at December 31, 2006 

4,639,614 

8.58 

Granted 

682,100 

30.44 

Exercised 

(776,273) 

9.92 

Canceled 

(162,267) 

24.26 

Options
 outstanding at December 31, 2007 

4,383,174 

11.19 

5.8 

49,886,992 

Exercisable
 at December 31, 2007 

2,827,439 

4.77 

5.4 

46,462,387 

Vested
 and expected to vest at December 31, 2007 

4,072,027 

10.30 

5.6 

49,202,071 

The
 per
 share weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during the years
 2007, 2006 and 2005 was 20.53, 18.81 and 10.01, respectively. 

The
 total
 intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31,
 2007,
 2006 and 2005 was 14.8 million, 4.5 million and 26.7 million,
 respectively. 

The
 total
 fair value of options vested during the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006
 and
 2005 was 4.6 million, 5.0 million and 3.0 million, respectively. 

Cash
 received from options exercised under all stock-based payment arrangements
 for
 the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 was 7.7 million, 0.9 million
 and 3.6 million, respectively. The actual tax benefit realized for the tax
 deductions from option exercises under the stock-based payment arrangements
 totaled 3.6 million, 1.5 million and 9.5 million, respectively, for the
 years
 ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005. 

54 

At
 December 31, 2007, the exercise prices of options granted under and outside
 the
 2007 Plan and the 1997 Plan ranged from 0.55 to 34.73, with a weighted-average
 remaining contractual life of 5.78 years. The following table summarizes
 information concerning outstanding and exercisable options as of December
 31,
 2007: 

Options
 Outstanding 

Exercisable
 Options 

Range
 of 

 Exercise
 Prices 

Number 

 Outstanding 

 December
 31, 

 2007 

Weighted 

 Average 

 Remaining 

 Contractual 

 Life 

Weighted 

 Average 

 Exercise 

 Price 

Number 

 Exercisable 

 December
 31, 

 2007 

Weighted 

 Average 

 Exercise 

 Price 

0.55 

11,000 

2.97 

0.55 

11,000 

0.55 

0.94 

930,798 

3.99 

0.94 

930,798 

0.94 

0.99
 1.72 

469,304 

3.68 

1.20 

469,304 

1.20 

1.78
 3.53 

506,970 

2.64 

2.32 

506,970 

2.32 

4.45
 9.55 

689,034 

5.69 

8.41 

564,034 

8.15 

11.25
 18.58 

131,004 

6.56 

13.64 

73,969 

13.29 

18.77 

881,300 

7.67 

18.77 

229,700 

18.77 

21.88
 32.45 

578,764 

8.99 

27.71 

41,664 

23.24 

33.51
 33.54 

125,000 

9.50 

33.52 

34.73 

60,000 

9.56 

34.73 

0.55 34.73 

4,383,174 

5.78 

11.19 

2,827,439 

4.77 

At
 December 31, 2007, there were 5,428,924 additional shares underlying options,
 shares of restricted stock and other stock-based awards available for grant
 under the 2007 Plan, and no additional shares available for grant under
 or
 outside of the 1997 Plan. 

The
 following table summarizes j2 Global s nonvested options as of December 31, 2007
 and changes during the year ended December 31, 2007: 

Nonvested
 Options 

Shares 

Weighted 

 Average 

 Grant-Date 

 Fair
 Value 

Nonvested
 at January 1, 2007 

1,548,018 

10.05 

Granted 

682,100 

20.53 

Vested 

(512,116) 

8.91 

Canceled 

(162,267) 

16.61 

Nonvested
 at December 31, 2007 

1,555,735 

14.56 

As
 of
 December 31, 2007, there was 10.1 million of total unrecognized compensation
 expense related to nonvested stock-based compensation awards granted under
 the
 2007 Plan and the 1997 Plan. That expense is expected to be recognized ratably
 over a weighted average period of 2.75 years (i.e., the remaining requisite
 service period). 

Fair
 Value
 Disclosure 

We
 use
 the Black-Scholes option pricing model to calculate the fair-value of each
 option grant. The expected volatility is based on historical volatility of
 j2
 Global s common stock. We elected to use the simplified method for estimating
 the expected term as allowed by SAB 107 for options granted through December
 31,
 2007. Under the simplified method, the expected term is equal to the midpoint
 between the vesting period and the contractual term of the stock option.
 The
 risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with
 a term
 equal to the expected term of the option assumed at the date of grant.
 Forfeitures are estimated at the date of grant based on historical experience.
 The weighted-average fair values of stock options granted have been estimated
 utilizing the following assumptions: 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Expected
 dividend 

0.0 

0.0 

0.0 

Risk
 free interest rate 

4.5 

4.8 

4.1 

Expected
 volatility 

72.7 

92.0 

67.0 

Expected
 term (in years) 

6.5 

6.5 

4.0 

55 

Stock-Based
 Compensation
 Expense 

The
 following table represents the stock-based compensation expense that was
 included in cost of revenues and operating expenses in the consolidated
 statement of operations for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005
 (in
 thousands): 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Cost
 of revenues 

668 

316 

43 

Operating
 expenses: 

Sales
 and marketing 

1,187 

1,038 

75 

Research,
 development and engineering 

771 

556 

326 

General
 and administrative 

4,788 

3,782 

325 

7,414 

5,692 

769 

Restricted
 Stock 

j2
 Global
 has awarded restricted shares of common stock to its executive officers
 and
 directors pursuant to the 1997 Plan and 2007 Plan. Compensation expense
 resulting from restricted stock grants is measured at fair value on the
 date of
 grant and is recognized as stock-based compensation expense over a five-year
 vesting period. We granted 112,800 shares and 33,340 shares of restricted
 stock
 to Board members and management pursuant to the 2007 Plan and the 1997
 Plan
 during the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 and recognized approximately
 1.3 million and 1.0 million of related compensation expense relating
 to
 restricted stock awards in 2007 and 2006, respectively. As of December
 31, 2007,
 we have unrecognized stock-based compensation cost of approximately 6.5
 million
 associated with these awards. This cost is expected to be recognized
 over a
 weighted-average period of 3.56 years. The actual tax benefit realized
 for the
 tax deductions from the vesting of restricted stock totaled 0.2 million,
 0.1
 million and zero, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2007,
 2006 and
 2005. 

Restricted
 stock activity for the year ended December 31, 2007 is set forth
 below: 

Weighted-Average 

Grant-Date 

Shares 

Fair
 Value 

Nonvested
 at January 1, 2007 

307,840 

19.32 

Granted 

112,800 

31.55 

Vested 

(49,084) 

19.18 

Canceled 

(12,006) 

22.10 

Nonvested
 at December 31, 2007 

359,550 

22.94 

(b) Employee Stock
 Purchase
 Plan 

In
 May of
 2001, j2 Global established the j2 Global Communications, Inc. 2001 Employee
 Stock Purchase Plan (the Purchase Plan ), which provides for the issuance of a
 maximum of 2,000,000 shares of common stock. Under the Purchase Plan, eligible
 employees can have up to 15 of their earnings withheld, up to certain maximums,
 to be used to purchase shares of j2 Global s common stock at certain
 plan-defined dates. The price of the common stock purchased under the Purchase
 Plan for the offering periods is equal to 90 of the lower of the fair market
 value of the common stock on the commencement date of each three-month offering
 period or the specified purchase date. Effective May 1, 2006, j2 Global s Board
 of Directors removed the compensatory features of the Purchase Plan by changing
 the purchase price of a share of common stock for each offering period to
 95 of
 its fair value at the end of the offering period. During 2007, 2006 and 2005,
 9,282, 20,849 and 33,160 shares, respectively, were purchased under the Purchase
 Plan at prices ranging from 25.16 to 32.00 per share. As of December 31,
 2007,
 1,676,967 shares were available under the Purchase Plan for future
 issuance. 

56 

11. 
 Defined Contribution 401(k) Savings Plan 

We
 have a
 401(k) Savings Plan covering substantially all of our employees. Eligible
 employees may contribute through payroll deductions. We may make annual
 contributions to the 401(k) Savings Plan at the discretion of our Board of
 Directors. For the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, we accrued 80,000
 and 57,000 for contributions to the 401(k) Savings Plan, respectively. No
 employer contribution was made in 2005. 

12. 
 Earnings Per Share 

Basic
 earnings per share is computed on the basis of the weighted average number
 of
 common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is computed on the
 basis
 of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the effect
 of
 outstanding stock options, warrants and restricted stock using the treasury
 stock method. The components of basic and diluted earnings per share are as
 follows (in thousands, except share and per share data): 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Numerator
 for basic and diluted income per common share: 

Net
 earnings 

68,461 

53,131 

50,618 

Denominator: 

Weighted
 average outstanding shares of common stock 

48,953,483 

49,209,129 

48,224,818 

Dilutive
 effect of: 

Employee
 stock options 

1,689,691 

1,755,867 

2,546,968 

Warrants 

169,780 

Restricted
 stock 

118,833 

83,999 

230,228 

Common
 stock and common stock equivalents 

50,762,007 

51,048,995 

51,171,794 

Net
 earnings per share: 

Basic 

1.40 

1.08 

1.05 

Diluted 

1.35 

1.04 

0.99 

For
 the
 years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, there were 3,818,414, zero
 and
 91,474 warrants and options outstanding, respectively, which were excluded
 from
 the computation of diluted earnings per share because the exercise prices
 were
 greater than the average market price of the common shares. 

13. 
 Sale of Investment 

In
 2005,
 we recognized 9.8 million as a gain on sale of an investment. The gain resulted
 from the acquisition by SigmaTel, Inc. of Oasis Semiconductor, Inc., a business
 in which we owned a minority equity interest, and a related dividend by Oasis
 immediately prior to the closing of the merger. 

14. 
 Geographic Information 

We
 maintain operations in the U.S., Canada, Ireland, the United Kingdom and
 other
 international territories. Geographic information about the U.S. and
 international territories for the reporting period is presented below. Such
 information attributes revenues based on the location of a customer s Direct
 Inward Dial number for services using such a number or a customer s residence
 for other services (in thousands). 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Revenue: 

United
 States 

192,445 

161,336 

128,760 

All
 other countries 

28,252 

19,743 

15,181 

Total 

220,697 

181,079 

143,941 

As
 of December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Long-lived
 assets: 

United
 States 

42,078 

17,377 

All
 other
 countries 

8,269 

1,574 

Total 

50,347 

18,951 

57 

15. 
 Related Party Transactions 

(a) Lease and
 Related Cost Sharing
 Arrangements 

During
 the last three fiscal years, j2 Global entered into several transactions
 with
 companies that are affiliated with the Chairman of j2 Global s Board of
 Directors. These transactions arose because j2 Global and these firms affiliated
 with its Chairman have maintained offices at the same location, and consist
 primarily of lease and related cost-sharing arrangements. 

We
 lease
 our headquarters office from a company that is affiliated with the Chairman
 of
 the Board. For fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005, we paid approximately 1,129,000,
 833,000 and 904,000, respectively in rent expense to this company. We also
 incurred approximately 15,000, 16,000 and 23,000 for expenses for services
 rendered by firms affiliated with our Chairman of the Board during 2007,
 2006
 and 2005, respectively. 

We
 believe that the lease referred to above was entered into at prevailing market
 rates, and that all cost-sharing arrangements were based on actual amounts
 paid
 to third parties without markup or markdown. 

(b) Consulting Services 

j2
 Global
 engages the consulting services of its Chairman of the Board through an
 agreement with Orchard Capital Corporation, a company controlled by its Chairman
 of the Board. For each of the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005,
 j2
 Global paid Orchard Capital 276,000 for these services. 

On
 January 16, 2006, j2 Global entered into a Consultancy Agreement with John
 F.
 Rieley, a member of j2 Global s Board of Directors. The Consultancy Agreement
 had a one year term, which was renewed for an additional year in 2007 and
 expired effective January 15, 2008. Pursuant to the Consultancy Agreement,
 Mr.
 Rieley assisted j2 Global in expanding its public relations efforts
 internationally, with an initial emphasis on Europe, and agreed to create
 and recommend to j2 Global for its adoption an overall public relations program
 for the company. In exchange for these services, Mr.
 Rieley received annual compensation of 100,000 for both 2007 and
 2006, payable quarterly in advance. 

16. 
 Supplemental Cash Flows Information 

Interest
 income received during the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005
 was 9.3 million, 7.3 million and 3.4 million respectively, substantially
 all of which related to interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and short
 and
 long-term investments. 

Cash
 paid
 for interest during the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005
 approximated 2,000, 26,000 and 59,000, respectively, substantially all
 of
 which related to long-term debt and capital leases. 

We
 paid
 cash of 12.3 million, 20.0 million and 8.6 million for taxes during
 the years
 ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. 

We
 acquired property and equipment for 758,000, 254,00 and 283,000 during
 2007,
 2006 and 2005, respectively, which had not been yet paid at the end of
 each such
 year. 

During
 2007, 2006 and 2005, we recorded the tax benefit from the exercise of
 non-qualified stock options and restricted stock as a reduction of our
 income
 tax liability of 3.6 million, 1.6 million and 9.5 million,
 respectively. 

Included
 in the purchase prices of the acquisitions during 2007, 2006 and 2005
 were
 contingent holdbacks of 1.1 million, 0.8 million and 0.5 million,
 respectively (see Note 3. Business Acquisitions). 

58 

17. 
 Quarterly Results (unaudited) 

The
 following tables contain selected unaudited statement of operations information
 for each quarter of 2007 and 2006 (in thousands, except share and per share
 data). We believe that the following information reflects all normal recurring
 adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the information for the
 periods
 presented. The operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative
 of results for any future period. 

Year
 Ended December 31,
 2007 

Fourth 

 Quarter 

Third 

 Quarter 

Second 

 Quarter 

First 

 Quarter 

Revenues 

56,830 

55,746 

53,980 

54,141 

Gross
 profit 

45,233 

44,578 

43,748 

43,151 

Net
 earnings 

16,856 

18,088 

17,078 

16,439 

Net
 earnings per common share: 

Basic 

0.35 

0.37 

0.35 

0.34 

Diluted 

0.34 

0.35 

0.33 

0.32 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding 

Basic 

48,652,001 

49,215,250 

49,108,309 

48,822,735 

Diluted 

50,268,781 

51,075,957 

51,007,561 

50,680,093 

Year
 Ended December 31,
 2006 

Fourth 

 Quarter 

Third 

 Quarter 

Second 

 Quarter 

First 

 Quarter 

Revenues 

48,904 

45,891 

44,266 

42,018 

Gross
 profit 

40,128 

36,243 

34,977 

33,008 

Net
 earnings 

14,831 

12,790 

13,199 

12,311 

Net
 earnings per common share: 

Basic 

0.30 

0.26 

0.27 

0.25 

Diluted 

0.29 

0.25 

0.26 

0.24 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding 

Basic 

49,020,695 

49,218,918 

49,349,536 

49,249,778 

Diluted 

50,979,088 

51,107,362 

51,186,073 

51,925,868 

18. 
 Subsequent Events 

In
 February 2008, j2 Global s Board of Directors approved a common stock repurchase
 program authorizing the repurchase of up to five million shares of our common
 stock through the end of December 2010. On February 19, 2008, we entered
 into a
 Rule 10b5-1 trading plan with a broker to facilitate the repurchase program.

59 

Item
 9. Changes In And Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting
 And Financial Disclosure 

None . 

Item
 9A. Controls and Procedures 

(a)
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
 of the
 end of the period covered by this report, j2 Global s management, with the
 participation of Nehemia Zucker, our principal executive officer, and Kathleen
 Griggs, our principal financial officer, carried out an evaluation of the
 effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based
 upon
 that evaluation, Mr. Zucker and Ms. Griggs concluded that these disclosure
 controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered
 in
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(b)
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

j2
 Global s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
 internal control over financial reporting for j2 Global. In order to evaluate
 the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as required
 by
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, management has conducted an assessment,
 including testing, using the criteria in Internal Control Integrated
 Framework , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
 Treadway Commission (COSO). Our system of internal control over financial
 reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
 of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because
 of
 its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
 prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
 effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
 become
 inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
 with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Based on its assessment,
 management has concluded that j2 Global s internal control over financial
 reporting was effective as of December 31, 2007. 

(c)
 Changes
 in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

No
 change
 in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) occurred during the fourth quarter
 of
 our fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 that has materially affected, or
 is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
 reporting. 

60 

(d)
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

REPORT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
 the
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 j2
 Global
 Communications, Inc. 

We
 have
 audited j2 Global Communications, Inc. and its subsidiaries internal control
 over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, based on criteria
 established in Internal
 Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). j2 Global Communications,
 Inc. s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control
 over
 financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
 control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s
 Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility
 is to
 express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting
 based on our audit. 

We
 conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
 Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
 we plan
 and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
 internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
 respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
 over
 financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
 and
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal
 control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such
 other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
 that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

A
 company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
 to
 provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
 and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control
 over
 financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain
 to
 the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
 reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
 to
 permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
 are
 being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
 of
 the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
 timely
 detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial
 statements. 

Because
 of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may
 not
 prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
 effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
 become
 inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
 with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In
 our
 opinion, j2 Global Communications, Inc. maintained, in all material respects,
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
 2007,
 based on criteria
 established in Internal
 Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

We
 have
 also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
 Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements and
 financial statement schedule of j2 Global Communications, Inc. and its
 subsidiaries and our report dated February 18, 2008 expressed an unqualified
 opinion. 

/s/
 SINGER LEWAK GREENBAUM GOLDSTEIN LLP 

Los
 Angeles, California 

 February
 18, 2008 

Item
 9B. Other Information 

None. 

61 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
 Governance 

The
 information required by this item concerning our directors and executive
 officers is incorporated by reference to the information to be set forth in
 our
 proxy statement 2007 Proxy
 Statement for the 2008 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within
 120
 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2007. 

Item
 11. Executive Compensation 

The
 information required by this item regarding executive compensation is
 incorporated by reference to the information to be set forth in our 2007 Proxy
 Statement. 

Item
 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
 Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
 information required by this item regarding security ownership and related
 stockholder matters is incorporated by reference to the information to be set
 forth in our 2007 Proxy Statement. 

Item
 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
 Director Independence 

The
 information required by this item regarding certain relationships and related
 transactions is incorporated by reference to the information to be set forth
 in
 our 2007 Proxy Statement. 

Item
 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
 information required by this item regarding principal accountant fees and
 services is incorporated by reference to the information to be set forth in
 our
 2007 Proxy Statement. 

62 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 

1. Financial
 Statements. 

The
 following financial statements are filed as a part of this Annual Report on
 Form
 10-K: 

Report
 of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 

 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 

 Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity 

 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 

 Notes
 to
 Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. 

Financial
 Statement Schedule 

The
 following financial statement schedule is filed as part of this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K: 

Schedule
 II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

All
 other
 schedules are omitted because they are not required or the required information
 is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

3. 

Exhibits 

The
 following exhibits are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K or are
 incorporated herein by reference as indicated below (numbered in accordance
 with
 Item 601 of Regulation S-K). We shall furnish copies of exhibits for a
 reasonable fee (covering the expense of furnishing copies) upon
 request. 

Exhibit No. 

Exhibit
 Title 

3.1 

Certificate
 of Incorporation, as amended and restated (1) 

3.1.1 

Certificate
 of Designation of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
 (2) 

3.1.2 

Certificate
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 (3) 

3.1.3 

Certificate
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 (7) 

3.1.4 

Certificate
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 (7) 

3.1.5 

Certificate
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of
 Incorporation (10) 

3.2 

By-laws,
 as amended and restated (1) 

4.1 

Specimen
 of Common Stock certificate (5) 

9.1 

Securityholders 
 Agreement, dated as of June 30, 1998, with the investors in the June
 and
 July 1998 private placements
 (1) 

10.1 

j2
 Global Communications, Inc. Second Amended and Restated 1997 Stock
 Option
 Plan (6) 

10.1.1 

Amendment
 No. 1 to j2 Global Communications, Inc. Second Amended and Restated
 1997
 Stock Option Plan (10) 

10.2 

j2
 Global Communications, Inc. 2007 Stock Option Plan (12) 

10.3 

Amended
 and Restated j2 Global Communications, Inc. 2001 Employee Stock Purchase
 Plan (9) 

10.4 

Letter
 Agreement dated April 1, 2001 between j2 Global and Orchard Capital
 Corporation (4) 

10.4.1 

Amendment
 dated December 31, 2001 to Letter Agreement dated April 1, 2001 between
 j2
 Global and Orchard Capital Corporation (7) 

10.5 

Employment
 Agreement for Nehemia Zucker, dated March 21, 1997 (1) 

10.6 

Put
 Rights, for the benefit of the investors in the June and July 1998
 private
 placements (1) 

10.7 

Registration
 Rights Agreement dated as of June 30, 1998 with the investors in
 the June
 and July 1998 private placements (1) 

10.8 

Registration
 Rights Agreement dated as of March 17, 1997 with Orchard/JFAX Investors,
 LLC, Boardrush LLC (Boardrush Media LLC), Jaye Muller, John F. Rieley,
 Nehemia Zucker and Anand Narasimhan
 (1) 

63 

Exhibit No. 

Exhibit
 Title 

10.9 

Consultancy
 Agreement between j2 Global and John F. Rieley, dated as of January
 16,
 2006 (8) 

10.9.1 

Amendment
 No. 1 to the Consulting Agreement (11) 

21 

List
 of subsidiaries of j2 Global 

23.1 

Consent
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Singer Lewak Greenbaum
 Goldstein, LLP 

23.2 

Consent
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Deloitte Touche,
 LLP 

31.1 

Certification
 by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 

Certification
 by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 

Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant
 to
 18 U.S.C. section 1350 

(1) 

Incorporated
 by reference to j2 Global s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with
 the Commission on April 16, 1999, Registration No.
 333-76477. 

(2) 

Incorporated
 by reference to j2 Global s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the
 Commission on March 30, 2000. 

(3) 

Incorporated
 by reference to j2 Global s Registration Statement on Form S-3 with the
 Commission on December 29, 2000, Registration No.
 333-52918. 

(4) 

Incorporated
 by reference to j2 Global s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the
 Commission on April 30, 2001. 

(5) 

Incorporated
 by reference to j2 Global s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the
 Commission on May 15, 2001. 

(6) 

Incorporated
 by reference to j2 Global s Amended Registration Statement on Form S-8
 filed with the Commission on July 17, 2001, Registration No.
 333-55402. 

(7) 

Incorporated
 by reference to j2 Global s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the
 Commission on April 1, 2002. 

(8) 

Incorporated
 by reference to j2 Global s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
 Commission on January 20, 2006. 

(9) 

Incorporated
 by reference to j2 Global s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
 Commission on May 3, 2006. 

(10) 

Incorporated
 by reference to j2 Global s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the
 Commission on March 12, 2007. 

(11) 

Incorporated
 by reference to j2 Global s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
 Commission on March 9, 2007. 

(12) 

Incorporated
 by reference to j2 Global s proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the
 Commission on September 18,
 2007. 

64 

Signatures 

Pursuant
 to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
 by
 the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 22 , 2008. 

j2
 Global Communications, Inc. 

By:

/s/ NEHEMIA
 ZUCKER 

Nehemia
 Zucker 

Co-President
 and Chief Operating Officer 

 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
 to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has
 been
 signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the
 capacities and on the dates indicated, in each case on February
 22 , 2008. 

Signature 

Title 

/s/ NEHEMIA
 ZUCKER 

Co-President
 and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Executive
 Officer) 

Nehemia
 Zucker 

/s/ KATHLEEN
 M. GRIGGS 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

Kathleen
 M. Griggs 

/s/ RICHARD
 S. RESSLER 

Chairman
 of the Board and a Director 

Richard
 S. Ressler 

/s/ DOUGLAS
 Y. BECH 

Director 

Douglas
 Y. Bech 

/s/ ROBERT
 J. CRESCI 

Director 

Robert
 J. Cresci 

/s/ WILLIAM
 B. KRETZMER 

Director 

William
 B. Kretzmer 

/s/ JOHN
 F. RIELEY 

Director 

John
 F. Rieley 

/s/ STEPHEN
 ROSS 

Director 

Stephen
 Ross 

/s/ MICHAEL
 P. SCHULHOF 

Director 

Michael
 P. Schulhof 

65 

SCHEDULE
 II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 

 (In
 thousands) 

Description 

Balance
 at 

 Beginning 

 of
 Period 

Additions: 

 Charged
 to 

 Costs
 and 

 Expenses 

Deductions: 

 Write-offs
 (1) 

 and
 recoveries 

Balance 

 at
 End 

 of
 Period 

Year
 Ended December 31, 2007: 

Allowance
 for doubtful accounts 

1,105 

780 

(507) 

1,378 

Year
 Ended December 31, 2006: 

Allowance
 for doubtful accounts 

627 

797 

(319) 

1,105 

Year
 Ended December 31, 2005: 

Allowance
 for doubtful accounts 

550 

644 

(567) 

627 

(1) Represents
 specific amounts written off that were considered to be
 uncollectible. 

<EX-21>
 4
 exh21_15746.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

WWW.EXFILE.COM, INC. -- 888-775-4789 -- J2 GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS, INC. -- EXHIBIT 21 TO FORM 10-K 

EXHIBIT
21 

List
of Subsidiaries of 

 j2
Global Communications, Inc. 

Name 

State
 or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Call
 Sciences, Inc. 

Delaware 

Call
 Sciences Limited 

United
 Kingdom 

Data
 On Call,
 Inc. 

Delaware 

Electric
 Mail (International) L.P. 

Alberta,
 Canada 

The
 Electric Mail Company 

Nova
 Scotia, Canada 

j2
 Global Holdings Limited 

Ireland 

j2
 Global Ireland Limited 

Ireland 

SureTalk.com,
 Inc. 

Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exh23-1_15746.htm
 CONSENT - SINGER, LEWAK, GREENBAUM & GOLDSTEIN

WWW.EXFILE.COM, INC. -- 888-775-4789 -- J2 GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS, INC. -- EXHIBIT 23.1 TO FORM 10-K 

EXHIBIT
 23.1 

CONSENT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
 consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
 (Nos.
 333-31064, 333-64986, 333-55402, 333-87504 and 333-135340) on Forms S-8
 of j2
 Global Communications, Inc. of our report dated February 18, 2008 relating
 to
 our audit of the consolidated financial statements, and the financial statement
 schedule and internal control over financial reporting, which appear in
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K of j2 Global Communications, Inc. for the
 year
 ended December 31, 2007. 

/s/
 SINGER LEWAK GREENBAUM GOLDSTEIN LLP 

Los
 Angeles, California 

 February
 18, 2008 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 6
 exh23-2_15746.htm
 CONSENT - DELOITTE AND TOUCHE

WWW.EXFILE.COM, INC. -- 888-775-4789 -- J2 GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS, INC. -- EXHIBIT 23.2 TO FORM 10-K 

EXHIBIT
 23.2 

CONSENT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
 consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements (Nos.
 333 31064, 333 64986, 333 55402, 333-87504 and 333-135340) on Forms S 8 of j2
 Global Communications, Inc. of our report dated March 11, 2007, relating
 to the
 consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of j2
 Global
 Communications, Inc., (which report expresses an unqualified opinion and
 includes explanatory paragraphs relating to the adoption of Statement of
 Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (Revised), Share-Based Payment as
 discussed in Note 2) appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10 K of j2 Global
 Communications, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2007. 

/s/
 DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 

Los
 Angeles, California 

 February
 22, 2008 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 exh31-1_15746.htm
 302 CERTIFICATION - CEO

WWW.EXFILE.COM, INC. -- 888-775-4789 -- J2 GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS, INC. -- EXHIBIT 31.1 TO FORM 10-K 

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Nehemia Zucker, certify that: 

1. 

I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of j2 Global Communications,
 Inc.; 

2. 

Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
 material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
 were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 

Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
 included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
 registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
 report; 

4. 

The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
 control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
 have: 

(a) 

Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
 controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
 that material information relating to the registrant, including its
 consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
 entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
 prepared; 

(b) 

Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
 control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
 provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
 reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
 and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
 the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
 covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 

Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
 annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
 materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. 

The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our
 most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
 the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
 board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 functions): 

(a) 

All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
 operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 

Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
 employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting. 

Dated: 
 February 22,
 2008 

By:

/s/
 NEHEMIA ZUCKER 

Nehemia
 Zucker 

Co-President
 and Chief Operating Officer 

 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 exh31-2_15746.htm
 302 CERTIFICATION - CFO

WWW.EXFILE.COM, INC. -- 888-775-4789 -- J2 GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS, INC. -- EXHIBIT 31.2 TO FORM 10-K 

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Kathleen M. Griggs, certify that: 

1. 

I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of j2 Global Communications,
 Inc.; 

2. 

Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
 material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
 were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 

Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
 included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
 registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
 report; 

4. 

The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
 control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
 have: 

(a) 

Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
 controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
 that material information relating to the registrant, including its
 consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
 entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
 prepared; 

(b) 

Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
 control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
 provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
 reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
 and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
 the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
 covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 

Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
 annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
 materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. 

The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our
 most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
 the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
 board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 functions): 

(a) 

All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
 operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 

Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
 employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting. 

Dated: 
 February
 22, 2008 

By:

/s/
 KATHLEEN M. GRIGGS 

Kathleen
 M. Griggs 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 9
 exh32_15746.htm
 906 CERTIFICATION

WWW.EXFILE.COM, INC. -- 888-775-4789 -- J2 GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS, INC. -- EXHIBIT 32 TO FORM 10-K 

EXHIBIT
32 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of j2 Global Communications, Inc.
(the Company for the year ended December 31, 2007 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Nehemia
Zucker, as Co-President and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Executive
Officer) of the Company, and Kathleen M. Griggs, as Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer) of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
to the best of his knowledge, respectively, that: 

(1) 

The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as
 applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
 and 

(2) 

The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
 respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
 Company. 

Dated: 
 February
 22, 2008 

By:

/s/
 NEHEMIA ZUCKER 

Nehemia
 Zucker 

Co-President
 and Chief Operating Officer 

 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Dated: 
 February
 22, 2008 

By:

/s/
 KATHLEEN M. GRIGGS 

Kathleen
 M. Griggs 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

A signed
original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 has been provided to j2 Global Communications, Inc. and will be
retained by j2 Global Communications, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

