<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20080630_10-K_edgar_data_1283552_0001193125-08-144185.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3376329</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>398318</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1927802</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>915821</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-08-144185.hdr.sgml : 20080630
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20080630170844
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-08-144185
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		30
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20080430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20080630
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20080630

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JACKSON HEWITT TAX SERVICE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001283552
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		IRS NUMBER:				200778892
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32215
		FILM NUMBER:		08926686

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 SYLVAN WAY
		CITY:			PARSIPPANY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9736301040

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 SYLVAN WAY
		CITY:			PARSIPPANY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07054

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 JWrqy/WA+HC+BvslCCp7BiCiZFQQPLYjnfGUb4BMp7vlB9lo16LIbcOhHLTF6x88
 y+O2m2pTvMlYIgW61fZo4A==

 0001193125-08-144185.txt : 20080630

10-K
 1
 d10k.htm
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2008

For the fiscal year ended April 30, 2008 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 10-K (Mark one) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended April 30, 2008 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to
 Commission File
Number: 1-32215 Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 
 20-0779692 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

3 Sylvan Way Parsippany, New Jersey 
 
 07054 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (973) 630-1040 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of class 
 
 Name of exchange on which registered 
 
 Common Stock 0.01 par value 
 
 New York Stock Exchange 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer a non-accelerated filer or a small
reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and small reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Small reporting company 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of October 31, 2007 was 928.2 million, computed by reference to the price at which the common
equity was last sold as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on that date. The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s
common stock was 28,426,740 (net of 10,440,491 shares held in treasury) as of May 31, 2008. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the definitive proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of the close of the registrant s fiscal year, relating to the
registrant s 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be held on September 23, 2008, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 

Table of Contents 

 JACKSON HEWITT TAX SERVICE INC. TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 1 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 2 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 9 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 18 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 19 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 19 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 
 
 20 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities 
 
 21 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 23 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 25 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 44 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 45 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 79 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 79 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 79 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 80 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 80 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 80 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 81 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 81 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 82 

Signatures 
 
 83 

Exhibit Index 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this report, including, but not limited to, those contained in Part I. Item 1 Business ,
 Part I. Item 2 Properties , Part I. Item 3 Legal Proceedings , Part II. Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
and Part II. Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and notes thereto, included in this report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995 with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, plans, objectives, future performance and business of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. All statements in this report, other than statements that are purely
historical, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words believes, expects, anticipates, intends, 
 projects, estimates, plans, may increase, may fluctuate and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as will, should, would, 
 may, and could. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ
materially from those contemplated (expressed or implied) by such forward-looking statements, because of, among other things, the following potential risks and uncertainties: our ability to timely or effectively respond to customer trends and
attract new customers, develop and make new products available through our offices , improve our distribution system or reduce our cost structure; our ability to successfully attract and retain key personnel; government initiatives that
simplify tax return preparation or reduce the need for a third party tax return preparer, improve the timing and efficiency of processing tax returns or decrease the number of tax returns filed; delays in the passage of tax laws and their
implementation; the trend of tax payers filing their tax returns later in the tax season; the success of our franchised offices; our responsibility to third parties, regulators or courts for the acts of, or failures to act by, our franchisees or
their employees; government legislation and regulation of the tax return preparation industry and related financial products, including refund anticipation loans, and the failure by us, or the financial institutions which provide financial products
to our customers, to comply with such legal and regulatory requirements; the effectiveness of our tax return preparation compliance program; increased regulation of tax return preparers; our exposure to litigation; the failure of our insurance to
cover all the risks associated with our business; our ability to protect our customers personal and financial information; the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising programs and franchisee support of these programs; disruptions in
our relationships with our franchisees; changes in our relationships with financial product providers that could reduce the revenues we derive from our agreements with these financial institutions as well as affect our customers 
ability to obtain financial products through our tax return preparation offices; changes in our relationships with retailers and shopping malls that could affect our growth and profitability; the seasonality of our business and its effect on our
stock price; competition from tax return preparation service providers, volunteer organizations and the government; our reliance on technology systems and electronic communications to perform the core functions of our business; our ability to
protect our intellectual property rights or defend against any third party allegations of infringement by us; our reliance on cash flow from subsidiaries; our compliance with credit facility covenants; our exposure to increases in prevailing market
interest rates; our quarterly results not being indicative of our performance as a result of tax season being relatively short and straddling two quarters; our ability to pay dividends in the future; certain provisions that may hinder, delay or
prevent third party takeovers; changes in accounting policies or practices and our ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls; impairment charges related to goodwill; and the effect of market conditions, general conditions in the
tax return preparation industry or general economic conditions. Other factors and assumptions not identified above were also involved in
the derivation of these forward-looking statements, and the failure of such other assumptions to be realized as well as other factors may also cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Most of these factors are difficult to
predict accurately and are generally beyond our control. As a result of these factors, no assurance can be given as to our future results and achievements. Accordingly, a forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future
events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur. You should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We are under no obligation, and we expressly
disclaim any obligation, to update or alter any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS. BUSINESS OVERVIEW Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. provides computerized preparation of federal, state and local
individual income tax returns in the United States through a nationwide network of franchised and company-owned offices operating under the brand name Jackson Hewitt Tax Service . We
provide our customers with convenient, fast and quality tax return preparation services and electronic filing of their tax returns. In connection with their tax return preparation experience, our customers may select various financial products to
suit their needs, including refund anticipation loans RALs ). Jackson Hewitt, the Company, we, our, and us are used interchangeably in this report to refer to Jackson Hewitt Tax
Service Inc. and its subsidiaries, appropriate to the context. We are the second largest paid individual tax return preparer in the
United States based upon the number of individual tax returns prepared and filed with the Internal Revenue Service IRS ). In 2008, our network consisted of 6,763 franchised and company-owned offices and prepared 3.39 million tax
returns excluding Economic Stimulus Program ESP tax returns (3.46 million total tax returns). We estimate our network prepared approximately 4 of all tax returns prepared by a paid tax return preparer paid tax return preparer
market ). We had total revenues for 2008 of 278.5 million which consisted of fees paid by our franchisees, service revenues earned at company-owned offices and financial product fees. The core of our business is our franchise system. In 2008, our franchisees operated 5,763 offices and prepared 87 of the total number of tax returns
prepared by our network. Our franchise model enables us to grow more quickly with less capital investment and lower operating expenses than if we operated all of the offices in our network directly. Complementing our franchise system are our
company-owned offices. Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in February 2004 to be the parent corporation in
connection with the Company s June 2004 initial public offering IPO pursuant to which Cendant Corporation, now known as Avis Budget Group, Inc. Cendant ), divested 100 of its ownership interest in Jackson Hewitt Tax
Service Inc. Jackson Hewitt Inc. JHI is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. Jackson Hewitt Technology Services LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of JHI that supports the technology needs of the
Company. Company-owned office operations are conducted by Tax Services of America, Inc. TSA ), which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of JHI. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW Over 139 million federal individual income tax returns were filed in the
United States in 2007 and, historically, more than 60 of these tax returns being prepared with the assistance of a paid tax return preparer. The market is highly fragmented and consists of tens of thousands of paid tax return preparers. In 2008,
Jackson Hewitt was the second largest paid tax return preparer in the United States, with an approximate 4 share of the paid tax return preparer market. Electronic filing continues to be an important component in the filing of individual income tax
returns. In 2008, 61 of United States individual income tax returns filed through April 30 were filed electronically. Electronic filing provides the taxpayer with benefits, including acknowledgment of receipt of the filing, better accuracy and
faster tax refund processing. In February 2008, President Bush signed into law the Economic Stimulus Act of 2008. The new law allows a
refundable credit against tax to low and middle-income individuals for 2008. We prepared 0.63 million ESP tax returns in 2008, which were tax returns filed by customers that had no legal requirement to file a tax return but filed a tax return
solely to receive an economic stimulus payment from the Internal Revenue Service IRS ). The industry consists of customers
with two filing behaviors those who file during the early season (defined as January and February) and those who file during the late season (defined as March and April). Early 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

season filers typically file their tax returns shortly after their Form W-2s become available in order to receive their tax refunds as quickly as
possible. Historically, most of the tax returns filed by our network have been filed by the end of February, including approximately 73 of the tax returns filed by our network in 2008 excluding ESP tax returns (72 for all tax returns). Late
season filers tend to have a higher adjusted gross income AGI on average and have more complex tax return preparation needs. These late season customers are generally less concerned with the speed of receipt of their tax refunds.
 The table below shows the breakdown of tax returns filed by ranges of AGI, for all United States individual federal income tax returns
filed (i) in 2006 in the United States and (ii) in 2008 by us. 

United States 

Jackson Hewitt 

Less than 30,000 
 
 50 

67 

30,000 to 49,999 
 
 18 

18 

50,000 or more 
 
 32 

15 

Total 
 
 100 

100 

BUSINESS OPERATIONS Tax Return Preparation Services Our
network provides our customers with convenient, fast and quality federal, state and local individual income tax return preparation services and electronic filing of their tax returns. Our network filed over 90 of our tax returns electronically in
2008. Through the use of our proprietary tax software, ProFiler , we provide a comprehensive computerized individual tax return preparation experience designed to ensure accuracy. The cost
of the tax return preparation service is generally based upon the complexity of the tax return. In 2008, our network consisted of 5,763
franchised offices and 1,000 company-owned offices and prepared 3.39 million tax returns excluding ESP tax returns (3.46 million total tax returns). Our total revenues in 2008 were 278.5 million, including revenues from franchisees, consisting
of royalty and marketing and advertising fees and other revenues (43 of total revenues), service revenues earned at company-owned offices (31 of total revenues), and financial product fees (26 of total revenues). Our network of offices consists of both storefront and retail-partner locations. Our retail-partner locations are located within other businesses,
typically retail stores and shopping malls. In 2008, we had relationships with national and large regional retailers and shopping malls, including Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Wal-Mart ), whose customer and employee demographics overlap
with ours. Our agreements with these retailers allow Jackson Hewitt Tax Service offices to be located within the retail-partner s locations in high-traffic areas during the tax season at relatively modest costs. During 2008, our network had
over 1,700 retail-partner locations in retailers and shopping malls nationwide, including more than 1,300 in Wal-Mart stores. In 2008, approximately 14 of the tax returns prepared by our network were generated in retail-partner locations located in
Wal-Mart stores. Our franchisees and company-owned operations operate in defined geographic territories. We divide the country into over
5,100 specific territories. The average population of a territory is approximately 60,000. Approximately 1,800 of our territories, or 35 , remain available for sale to expand our network. We reevaluate the population size of available territories
from time to time. We focus on selling new territories to high-quality franchisees already in our franchise system and to tax preparers or entrepreneurs new to our franchise system. In 2009, we are focusing on selling undeveloped territories in
groups of three to five which comprise a particular geographic market. We intend to sell these multi-territory groups to new franchisee investors under economic arrangements which would result in reduced royalty levels if certain tax return and
office growth thresholds are met. We also seek to expand our network by increasing the number of offices operated in each territory. In 2008, the territories in which our network operated were largely under-penetrated, with only 31 of these
territories having reached our target of at least three offices per territory. On average, we had 2.1 offices per territory in 2008. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Products In connection with our customers tax return preparation experience, various financial products are available for their choosing. Certain of these financial products provide the customer with the ability to have
all fees, including fees for tax return preparation and the financial product, withheld from the proceeds of the financial product. In addition, financial products which are loans provide the customer with access to funds more quickly than if the
customer had filed the tax return and waited to receive a tax refund directly from the IRS. Financial products available to our customers include: Refund Anticipation Loans RALs ). A RAL is a loan made by a third party financial institution to a customer and secured by a customer s anticipated federal tax refund. The loan amount, less applicable fees and
charges, including tax return preparation fees, is generally disbursed to the customer within approximately one day from the time the tax return is electronically filed with the IRS. Assisted Refunds. Assisted refunds are not loans. Assisted refunds are provided by third party financial institutions and provide the customer
with the ability to have their tax return preparation fees and other charges withheld directly from their tax refund. The customer s tax refund is deposited by the taxing authority directly into a bank account established for this purpose by
the financial institution and then disbursed to the customer net of fees. Customers
generally may choose various disbursement options for financial products, including direct deposit, check or on the ipower Card, a prepaid Visa card. Gold Guarantee . Gold Guarantee is an extended warranty that a customer may purchase whereby the taxpayer may be reimbursed up to a set limit for any additional tax liability owed due to an error in the
preparation of the customer s tax return. We have contractual arrangements with certain financial institutions that offer, process
and administer certain financial products, including RALs, through Jackson Hewitt Tax Service locations. These financial institutions are Republic Bank Trust Company Republic ), Santa Barbara Bank Trust, a division
of Pacific Capital Bank, N.A. SBB T and HSBC Taxpayer Financial Services, Inc. HSBC ). We provide the financial institutions with exclusive access to select offices and certain technology support. During tax season
2008, Republic, SBB T and HSBC collectively provided financial products to the entire network of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service offices. During tax seasons 2009 and 2010, we expect that Republic and SBB T will collectively provide financial
products to the entire network of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service offices. SBB T provided a majority of the financial products in the 2008 tax season and we expect that SBB T will provide a majority of the financial products in each of the tax
seasons 2009 and 2010. Franchise Operations Our growth has been largely attributable to the expansion of our franchise system. We seek to increase the number of franchised offices each year through the sale of new territories and by increasing the number of
locations in existing territories. The franchise model has an inherently higher profit margin than that of our company-owned offices, as our existing infrastructure permits additional franchise growth without significant additional fixed cost
investment. In 2008, 20 of our franchisees earned more than 1.0 million in revenues. Historically, approximately three-fourths of our
sales of territories have been sold to existing franchisees. In 2008, approximately 78 of our sales of territories were sold to our existing franchisees and the remaining territories were sold to new franchisees. We recruit new franchisees through
a number of sources, including advertising in select publications that target entrepreneurs who are interested in new franchise opportunities. In certain situations, we provide financial support to convert independent tax practices to the Jackson Hewitt brand as either a new franchisee or through the acquisition of the independent tax practice by an existing franchisee Conversion ). We also provide financing and/or other incentives to support franchisees in new office growth. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 The Franchise Agreement. Under the terms of our franchise agreement, each franchisee receives the
right to operate a tax return preparation business under the Jackson Hewitt Tax Service brand within a designated geographic area. Franchisees are required to utilize our proprietary tax return preparation ProFiler software and other proprietary
operating methods and procedures in the operation of their business. Franchisees are required to operate at least one office within a specified territory. The term of our standard franchise agreement is 10 years. In 1999 and 2000, we offered
our franchisees the opportunity to renew their franchise relationship with us before their franchise agreement expired. In these early renewal programs, 93 of our franchisees entered into a new franchise agreement for a new 10-year term, and, as a
result, approximately a third of our existing franchise agreements come up for renewal in 2009 or 2010 (with none coming up for renewal prior to April 15, 2009). Our current franchise agreement requires franchisees to pay us royalties equal to 15 of their revenues (the royalty is 12 for most territories sold before mid-year 2000) and marketing and advertising fees equal to
6 of their revenues. We also charge franchisees a 2.00 fee for each tax return that they file electronically with the IRS. Franchisee
Support. We provide our franchisees with services, including training, administrative support, access to our proprietary ProFiler tax return preparation software, financial products, toll-free tax preparer and ProFiler support service and a
dedicated field staff to advise and monitor their business. We also provide our franchisees assistance with marketing programs and information based on our market research. We offer initial training courses for new franchisees as well as more
advanced training for more experienced operators and their staff. Throughout the year, we offer numerous workshops that address such topics as how to train tax return preparers, tax law updates, territory development, recruiting and staffing, ethics
and fraud, new product updates and local advertising. Additionally, we provide each franchisee with field support to aid in site selection, territory market analysis and the creation of annual operating plans for their businesses. We also provide
access to a franchise service manager at our corporate headquarters who is available to provide information on program updates, upcoming events and overall general support. Company-Owned Offices In 2008, we operated company-owned offices in 25 markets. Tax returns
prepared by our company-owned offices represented 13 of the total number of tax returns prepared by our network in 2008. While we focus primarily on organic growth through the opening of new company-owned offices within existing territories as well
as increasing office productivity, we also continue to pursue selective acquisition opportunities for our company-owned office segment. The level of our investment in company-owned stores was higher than normal in 2008 primarily as a result of our
acquisition on October 4, 2007 of substantially all of the assets of the tax return preparation businesses in the Atlanta, Chicago, and Detroit markets (collectively, the October 4, 2007 Acquisitions from the franchisee named in
the DOJ Lawsuits (see Regulations ). We intend to improve the profitability of our company-owned offices by taking advantage of our previous investments in infrastructure. Our company-owned offices also benefit from the support services
that we provide to our franchisees. Marketing and Advertising Franchisees are required to pay us marketing and advertising fees equal to 6 of their revenues which we use to fund our marketing efforts. These fees are primarily utilized in connection with our regional and local
marketing efforts which are designed to increase brand awareness and attract both early season and late season customers. Our marketing efforts also include national advertising and sponsorships and partnering with large, high-traffic retailers to
drive customer awareness and increase customer traffic. Our advertising programs target early season and late season filers through network television advertisements, direct mail marketing and promotions. Tax Courses Our franchised and company-owned
offices offer a comprehensive catalog of tax education courses. Our basic income tax courses consist of over 70 hours of learning and provide students with a general working knowledge of individual income taxes and tax return preparation. We also
offer a series of advanced and intermediate courses to provide a more in depth level of learning to those individuals who already possess a basic understanding of income 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

taxes and income tax return preparation. These courses develop a general interest in tax return preparation and also create public awareness of our brand.
Many of the students taking these courses develop an interest in tax return preparation as a career and often become tax preparers for franchisees or our company-owned offices. SEASONALITY The tax return preparation business is highly seasonal, and we
historically generate substantially all of our revenues during the period from January 1 through April 30. In 2008, we earned 95 of our revenues during this period. We generally operate at a loss during the period from May 1 through
December 31, during which we incur costs associated with preparing for the upcoming tax season. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
 We regard our intellectual property as critical to our success, and we rely on trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret laws in
the United States to protect our proprietary rights. We pursue the protection of our trademarks by applying to register key trademarks in the United States. The initial duration of trademark registrations in the United States is
10 years. Most registrations can be renewed perpetually at 10-year intervals. In addition, we seek to protect our proprietary rights through the use of confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants, advisors and others.
 We have obtained federal trademark registration for a number of marks, including
Jackson Hewitt Tax Service, Jackson Hewitt , Gold Guarantee, ProFiler and ipower Card. We also assert common law rights to certain marks. We do not have any registered patents.
 EMPLOYEES As of
April 30, 2008, we employed 429 full-time employees, consisting of 160 employees at our corporate headquarters located in Parsippany, New Jersey, 134 employees at our technology facility located in Sarasota, Florida, 109 employees at our
company-owned offices and 26 other employees. In addition, our company-owned offices employed approximately 7,700 seasonal employees primarily from January through April 2008. COMPETITION The paid tax return preparation market is highly competitive. Our
network competes with tens of thousands of paid tax return preparers, including H R Block, which is the largest paid tax return preparation service company, Liberty Tax Service, regional and local tax return preparation companies, most of which
are independent and some of which are franchised, and regional and national accounting firms and financial service institutions that prepare tax returns as part of their businesses. We also face competitive challenges from the online and software
self preparer market, including the Free File Alliance, a consortium of the IRS and online preparation services that provides free online tax return preparation and filing and from volunteer organizations that prepare tax returns at no cost for
low-income taxpayers. Certain states may also pass legislation to provide free online tax return preparation and filing from time to time. Our ability to compete in the tax return preparation business depends on our product mix, price for services,
customer service, the specific site locations of our offices, local economic conditions, quality of on-site office management, the ability to file tax returns electronically with the IRS and the availability of financial products to our customers.
 We also compete for the sale of tax return preparation franchises with H R
Block, Liberty Tax Service and other regional franchisors. In addition, we compete with franchisors of other high-margin services that attract entrepreneurs seeking to become franchisees. Our ability to continue to sell franchises is dependent on
our brand image, the products and services to be provided through the network, the relative costs of financing and start-up costs, our reputation for quality, our marketing and advertising support and continuing recognition as an outstanding
franchise opportunity by Entrepreneur magazine. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 REGULATIONS We and our franchisees must comply with laws and regulations relating to our businesses. Regulations and related regulatory matters specific to our businesses are described below. Tax Return Preparation Regulation : Federal legislation requires tax preparers to, among other things, set forth their signatures and
identification numbers on all tax returns prepared by them, and retain for three years all tax returns prepared. Federal laws also subject tax preparers to accuracy-related penalties in connection with the preparation of tax returns. Preparers may
be enjoined from further acting as tax preparers if they continually or repeatedly engage in specified misconduct. Additionally, all authorized IRS e-file providers must adhere to IRS e-file rules and requirements to continue participation in IRS
e-file. Adherence to all rules and regulations is expected of all providers regardless of where published, and includes, but is not limited to, those described in IRS Publication 1345, Handbook for Authorized IRS e-file providers. Various IRS
regulations also require tax return preparers to comply with certain due diligence requirements to investigate factual matters in connection with the preparation of tax returns. The IRS conducts audit examinations of authorized IRS e-file providers
and tax return preparers, reviewing samples of prepared tax returns to ensure compliance with regulations in connection with tax return preparation activities. From time to time, certain of our franchisees and company-owned offices are the subject
of IRS audits to review their tax return preparation activities. In addition, the federal government continues to consider further regulation of tax preparers. On September 20, 2007, we reached an agreement with the IRS resolving its examination of our internal tax return preparation compliance systems and processes. In connection with closing the audit, we agreed to
make a voluntary compliance payment of 1.5 million. In September 2007, the Department of Justice DOJ announced that it had
reached a settlement of the civil injunction suits it had filed in April 2007 against a franchisee and other named defendants operating in four states based upon allegations involving fraudulent tax return preparation DOJ Lawsuits ). We
were not named as a defendant in these suits. In October 2007, the franchisee named in the DOJ Lawsuits exited the Jackson Hewitt system. We retained outside counsel to conduct an internal review (the Internal Review of the allegations set forth in the DOJ Lawsuits and of our policies, practices and procedures in connection with such tax return preparation
activities. The Internal Review s examination determined that there was no corporate involvement in the allegations made against the franchisee. It also resulted in recommendations which were implemented for the 2008 tax season and
enhanced certain systems and processes, including the development of additional compliance requirements such as enhanced monitoring tools and increased training of franchisees and tax return preparers. With certain exceptions, the IRS prohibits the use or disclosure by income tax preparers of income tax return information without the prior written
consent of the taxpayer. On January 3, 2008, the IRS issued regulations that updated these rules. These regulations apply to the disclosure and use of tax return information occurring on or after January 1, 2009. In addition to publication
of the final regulations, the IRS also issued an Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ANPRM regarding whether the disclosure and use of tax return information by tax preparers for the marketing of RALs and certain other products
should be permitted. The initial comment period for the ANPRM ended on April 7, 2008. The IRS is now reviewing the comments that it received. Following such review, the IRS may issue a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking. In addition, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and related Federal Trade Commission FTC regulations require income tax return preparers to adopt
and disclose customer privacy policies and provide customers a reasonable opportunity to opt out of having personal information disclosed to unaffiliated third parties for marketing purposes. Some states have adopted or proposed stricter opt-in
requirements in connection with use or disclosure of consumer information. Federal and state law also requires us to safeguard our customers financial information, including credit card information. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Product Regulation : Federal and state statutes and regulations govern the facilitation
of RALs and other financial products. These laws require us, among other things, to provide specific RAL disclosures and advertise RALs in a certain manner, including clearly explaining to the customer that the RAL is a loan. In addition, we are
subject to federal and state laws that prohibit deceptive claims and require that our marketing practices are fair and not misleading. There are also many states that have statutes regulating, through licensing and other requirements, the activities
of brokering loans and offering credit repair services to consumers as well as local usury laws which could be applicable to our business in certain circumstances. From time to time, we receive inquiries from various state regulators regarding our
and our franchisees facilitation of RALs and other financial products. We have in certain states paid fines, penalties and other payments, as well as agreed to injunctive relief, in connection with resolving these types of inquiries.
 Many states have statutes requiring the licensing of persons offering contracts of insurance. If, in any particular state, it was
determined that our Gold Guarantee program is subject to these statutes, then the manner in which we offer Gold Guarantee in such states might need to be modified or we may not be able to continue to offer Gold Guarantee in such states. From time to
time, we receive inquiries from state insurance regulators about our Gold Guarantee program and the applicability of the state insurance statutes. In those states where the inquiries are closed, the regulators affirmed our position that the Gold
Guarantee is not a contract of insurance and is therefore not subject to state insurance licensing laws. Franchise Regulations : Our
franchising activities are subject to the rules and regulations of the FTC and various state laws regulating the offer and sale of franchises. The FTC and various state laws require that we furnish to prospective franchisees a franchise disclosure
document containing proscribed information. A number of states, in which we are currently franchising, regulate the sale of franchises and require registration of the franchise disclosure document with state authorities and the delivery of a
franchise disclosure document to prospective franchisees. We are currently operating under exemptions from registration in several of these states based upon our net worth and experience. Several states also regulate the franchisor/franchisee
relationship particularly with respect to the duration and scope of non-competition provisions, the ability of a franchisor to terminate or refuse to renew a franchise and the ability of a franchisor to designate sources of supply. Tax Course Regulations : Our tax courses are subject to regulation under proprietary school laws and regulations in many states. Under these
regulations, our tax courses may need to be registered and may be subject to other requirements relating to facilities, instructor qualifications, contributions to tuition guaranty funds, bonding and advertising. AVAILABLE INFORMATION We make
available free of charge on or through our website, www.jacksonhewitt.com , our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and, if applicable, amendments to those reports as soon as
reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Also available on our website are certain of our corporate governance policies, including the charters for the Board
of Directors audit, compensation and corporate governance committees, the Board of Directors corporate governance guidelines and our Codes of Conduct. A copy of any of these materials will be provided to any person, free of charge, upon
written request to our Corporate Secretary at Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc., 3 Sylvan Way, Parsippany, New Jersey 07054. On
October 8, 2007, we submitted, without qualification, the annual CEO certification to the New York Stock Exchange NYSE as required by Section 303A.12(a) of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. In addition, we included the
certifications of the CEO and the CFO of Jackson Hewitt required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related rules, relating to the quality of Jackson Hewitt s public disclosure, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as
Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS. We may not timely or effectively respond to
customer trends and attract new customers. The key driver of our business is the number of tax returns prepared by our system. For the
2008 fiscal year, the number of tax returns prepared by our system decreased. This decrease was due to several factors, including (i) our lack of an early season product to help attract customers into our stores in early January;
(ii) weakness in our brand; and (iii) the higher level of compliance we have instituted in our system. If we are not able to attract and retain customers and increase the number of tax returns prepared by our system, our revenues and
profits could decline. We may not be able to develop and make new products available through our offices. Our customers are attracted to us in part based on the products available through our offices. Early season products also serve as an effective retention
tool for our customers. During the 2008 tax season, early season loan products were not available through our offices. Our failure to make early season loan products or other attractive products available through our offices could reduce demand for
our services, causing our revenues or profitability to decline. Further, our ability to make new products available through our offices may be dependent upon negotiating favorable agreements with third parties and such new products could expose us
to the risk of regulatory scrutiny or litigation which could cause our profitability to decline. We may not be able to improve our distribution system.
 Building a stronger distribution system is necessary to drive the growth of our business by maximizing the performance of the footprint
that we already possess and expanding our footprint. Our strategy for selling new territories, strengthening our presence in the Hispanic market and expanding our alliance and partnership activities may not succeed, causing our revenues or
profitability to decline. Our primarily fixed cost structure may impact our profitability. We have a fixed cost structure that anticipates a certain level of marketing and advertising expenditures based on an anticipated tax return volume. When
the number of tax returns prepared in our system during January of the 2008 tax season was less than expected, revenues decreased while expenses remained largely fixed and our margins and profitability were adversely affected. Our efforts to reduce
our cost structure, including decreasing the cost structure of our company-owned stores, increasing the cost efficiency and quality of our third party relationships in delivering technology solutions and improving overall organizational productivity
may not succeed, causing our margins and profitability to decline. We may be unable to attract and retain key personnel. Our continued success depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our executive officers and other key employees. Competition for executive,
managerial and skilled personnel in our industry remains intense. We may experience increased compensation costs in order to attract and retain executives, managers and other skilled employees. We may not be able to retain our existing management,
fill new positions or vacancies created by expansion or turnover, or attract or retain the management and personnel necessary to operate our business effectively. Although we strive to be an employer of choice, we may not be able to continue to
successfully attract and retain key personnel which would cause our business to suffer. Government initiatives that simplify tax return preparation
could reduce the need for our services as a third party tax return preparer. Many taxpayers seek assistance from paid tax return
preparers such as us because of the level of complexity involved in the tax return preparation and filing process. From time to time, government officials propose 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

measures seeking to simplify the preparation and filing of tax returns or to provide additional assistance with respect to preparing and filing such tax
returns. The passage of any measures that significantly simplify tax return preparation or otherwise reduce the need for a third party tax return preparer could reduce demand for our services, causing our revenues or profitability to decline.
 Initiatives that improve the timing and efficiency of processing tax returns could reduce the demand for financial products available to our customers
and demand for our services. Our performance depends in part on our customers interest in obtaining the various financial
products available through our offices. The federal government and various state governments have, from time to time, announced initiatives designed to modernize their operations and improve the timing and efficiency of processing tax returns and
delivery of tax refunds. If tax authorities are able to increase the speed and efficiency with which they process tax returns and deliver tax refunds, the demand for financial products and demand for our tax return preparation services could be
reduced, causing our revenues or profitability to decline. Changes in the tax law that result in a decreased number of tax returns filed could harm our
business. From time to time, the United States Treasury Department and the IRS adopt policy and rule changes and other initiatives that
result in a decrease in the number of tax returns filed. Similar changes in the tax law could reduce demand for our services, causing our revenues or profitability to decline. Delays in the passage of tax laws and their implementation by the federal or state governments could harm our business. The enactment of tax legislation occurring late in the calendar year could result in the beginning of tax filing season being delayed. Any such delays could impact our revenues and profitability in any given quarter
or fiscal year. The federal government passed tax legislation relating to the Alternative Minimum Tax AMT late in the 2007
calendar year resulting in a delay in the beginning of the 2008 tax season for certain tax filers. If the federal government passes AMT or other legislation late in future calendar years, it could result in a delay in the beginning of the subsequent
tax season for certain tax filers which could impact our revenues and profitability in any given quarter or fiscal year. The current trend in filing
patterns could harm our business. Over the past few years, the overall tax filing market has experienced a shift in which more
taxpayers are filing their tax returns later in the tax season, moving from the early season to the late season. A significant portion of our business is derived in the early season. Our inability to continue to maintain or grow our business in the
early season or to grow our business in the late season could cause our revenues and profitability to decline. Our success is tied to the operations of
our franchisees, yet our ability to exercise control over their operations is limited. Our financial success depends on our franchisees
and the manner in which they operate and develop their offices. However, our ability to control the operations of our franchisees is limited because their businesses are independently owned and operated. Franchisees retain control over the
employment and management of all personnel, including the large number of seasonal employees required during the tax season. Although we can exercise control over our franchisees and their operations to a certain extent under the terms of our
franchise agreements to, among other things, maintain signage and equipment, standardize operating procedures, approve suppliers, distributors and products, protect the goodwill of our intellectual property and require compliance with 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

law and our compliance standards, the quality of their operations may be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control. Consequently, our
franchisees may not operate their offices in a manner consistent with our philosophy and standards or may not increase the level of revenues generated compared to prior tax seasons. While we ultimately can take action to terminate franchisees that
do not comply with the standards contained in our franchise agreements, and even though we have implemented increased compliance and monitoring functions, we may not be able to identify problems and take action quickly enough and, as a result, our
image and reputation may suffer, causing our revenues or profitability to decline. We may be held responsible by third parties, regulators or courts
for the actions of, or failures to act by, our franchisees or their employees, which exposes us to possible fines, other liabilities and negative publicity. Our agreements with our franchisees require that they understand and comply with all laws and regulations applicable to their businesses. However, our franchisees are independently owned and operated and have a
significant amount of flexibility in running their operations. Third parties, regulators or courts may seek to hold us responsible for the actions or failures to act by our franchisees or their employees. In addition, we are parties to agreements
with retailers, such as Wal-Mart, and, to a certain extent, financial institutions that provide financial products to our customers, under which we may, in certain circumstances, indemnify third parties for our and our franchisees failure to
perform obligations and/or comply with laws and regulations applicable to us or them. There are also occasions when our and our franchisees activities are not perceived to be distinguishable, and we may be held liable for the activities of our
franchisees or their employees. Failure to comply with laws and regulations by our franchisees may expose us to possible fines, other liabilities, lawsuits and negative publicity which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Federal and state legislators and regulators have increasingly taken an active role in regulating financial
products such as RALs, and the continuation of this trend could impede our ability to facilitate these financial products and reduce demand for our services and harm our business. From time to time, government officials at the federal and state levels introduce and enact legislation and regulations proposing to regulate the
facilitation of RALs and other financial products. Certain of the proposed legislation and regulations could, if adopted, increase costs to us, our franchisees and the financial institutions that provide our financial products, or could negatively
impact or eliminate the ability of financial institutions to provide RALs and other financial products through tax return preparation offices, which could cause our revenues or profitability to decline. The federal government and certain states from
time to time propose legislation that could further this initiative. On October 17, 2007, the United States Department of Defense issued regulations limiting the annual percentage rate on RALs for active duty service members and their
dependents. In 2008, our franchisees did not facilitate RALs to active duty service members or their dependents. The failure to facilitate such a product in the future could cause our revenues or profitability to decline. On January 3, 2008, the IRS issued an ANPRM regarding whether the disclosure and use of tax return information by tax preparers for the marketing of
RALs and certain other products should be permitted. The initial comment period for the ANPRM ended on April 7, 2008. The IRS is now reviewing the comments that it received. Following such review, the IRS may issue a Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking. If such a rule were adopted, we may be required to change business practices which could alter the way RALs and certain other products are facilitated and which could cause our revenues or profitability to decline. Many states have statutes regulating, through licensing and other requirements, the activities of brokering loans and providing credit repair services to
consumers as well as payday loan laws and local usury laws. Certain state regulators are interpreting these laws in a manner that could adversely affect the manner in which RALs and other financial products are facilitated or result in fines or
penalties to us or our franchisees. Additional states may interpret these laws in a manner that is adverse to how we currently conduct our business or how we have 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

conducted our business in the past and we may be required to change business practices or otherwise comply with these statutes or it could result in fines or
penalties or other payments related to past conduct. We from time to time receive inquiries from various state regulatory agencies
regarding the facilitation of RALs and other financial products. We have in certain states paid fines, penalties and other payments, as well as agreed to injunctive relief, to resolve these matters. In addition, consumer advocacy groups have
increasingly called for a legislative and regulatory response to the perceived inequity of these types of financial products. Increased regulatory activity in this area could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. The failure by us, our franchisees or the financial institutions that provide financial products to our customers through us and
our franchisees to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, including with respect to tax return preparation or financial products, could result in substantial sanctions against us or require changes to our business practices which could harm
our profitability and reputation. Our tax return preparation business, including our franchise operations and facilitation of financial
products such as RALs, are subject to extensive regulation and oversight in the United States by the IRS, the FTC and by federal and state regulatory and law enforcement agencies. If governmental agencies having jurisdiction over our operations were
to conclude that our business practices, the practices of our franchisees, or those of the financial institutions, violate applicable laws, we could become subject to sanctions which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. These sanctions may include, without limitation: (i) civil monetary damages and penalties; (ii) criminal penalties; and (iii) injunctions or other restrictions on the manner in which we conduct our
business. In addition, the financial institutions that provide financial products such as RALs to our customers are also subject to
significant regulation and oversight by federal and state regulators, including banking regulators. The failure of these financial institutions to comply with the regulatory requirements of federal and state government regulatory bodies, including
banking and consumer protection laws, could affect their ability to continue to provide financial products to our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our customers inability to obtain financial products through our tax return preparation offices could cause our revenues or profitability to
decline. We also may be required to change business practices which could alter the way RALs and other financial products are facilitated which could cause our revenues or profitability to decline. Our tax return preparation compliance program may not be successful in detecting all problems in our network. Although our tax return preparation compliance program seeks to monitor the activities of our network, it is unlikely to detect every problem. While we
have implemented a variety of measures to enhance tax return preparation compliance as well as our monitoring of these activities, there can be no assurance that franchisees and tax preparers will follow these procedures. Failure to detect tax
return preparation compliance issues could harm our reputation and expose us to the risk of government investigation or litigation which could cause our revenues or profitability to decline. Changes in the law that result in increased regulation of tax return preparers could make it more difficult to find qualified tax preparers and could harm our
business. From time to time, the federal government and various states consider regulations regarding the education, testing,
licensing, certification and registration of tax return preparers. Such regulations could impact our ability 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

to find an adequate number of tax return preparers to meet the demands of our customers and impose additional costs on us to train tax return preparers,
which could cause our revenues and profitability to decline. Our facilitation of RALs and other financial products exposes us to the risk of
significant losses as a result of litigation defense and resolution costs. Companies that facilitate RALs and other financial products
have been subject, from time to time, to individual and class action lawsuits. These lawsuits have alleged, among other claims, collusion between the tax return preparers and financial product provider in violation of law and claims of fraud, unfair
competition, misleading or deceptive statements, violation of credit services statutes, and breach of fiduciary duty on the part of the tax return preparers for failing to, among other things, properly disclose the terms of the financial product. We
have been named as a defendant in several purported class action lawsuits in connection with our facilitation of RALs. See Item 3 Legal Proceedings. Given the large number of financial products, including RALs, we facilitate
every year and the inherent uncertainties of the United States legal system, we could experience significant losses as a result of litigation defense and resolution costs, which could cause our profitability to decline. Our insurance coverage may not cover all risks associated with our business. We have various insurance policies related to the risks associated with our business, including errors and omissions insurance and directors and officers insurance. However, in the event of a claim there can be no
assurance that our insurance coverage will be sufficient or that our insurance companies will cover the matters claimed. The failure of adequate insurance coverage or recovery could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. Failure to comply with laws and regulations that protect our customers personal and financial information could result
in significant fines, harm our brand and reputation and expose us to litigation defense and resolution costs. Privacy concerns relating
to the disclosure of customers personal and financial information have drawn increased attention from federal and state governments. The IRS generally prohibits the use and disclosure by tax return preparers of tax return information without
the prior written consent of the taxpayer. In addition, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and other FTC regulations require income tax return preparers to adopt and disclose customer privacy policies and provide customers with a reasonable opportunity to
opt out of having personal information disclosed to unaffiliated third parties for marketing purposes. Federal and state law also requires us to safeguard our customers financial information, including credit card information. Although we have
established security procedures to protect against identity theft and the theft of our customers financial information, breaches of our customers privacy may occur. To the extent the measures we, and/or our franchisees, have taken prove
to be insufficient or inadequate, we may become subject to litigation or administrative sanctions, which could result in significant fines, penalties or damages and harm to our brand and reputation. In addition, changes in these federal and state regulatory requirements could result in more stringent requirements and could result in a need to change
business practices, including how information is disclosed. These changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operating results depend on the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising programs and franchisee support of these programs. Our revenues are heavily influenced by brand marketing and advertising. During the 2008 tax season, our brand was negatively affected by the adverse
publicity related to the DOJ Lawsuits and our marketing messages 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

were not as effective as needed. Our marketing and advertising programs in the future may not be successful, which may lead us to fail to attract new
customers and retain existing customers. If our marketing and advertising programs are unsuccessful and the image of our brand is not strengthened, our revenues or profitability could decline. Moreover, because franchisees contribute to our
marketing fund based on a percentage of their gross sales, our marketing fund expenditures are dependent upon sales volumes of our franchisees. If these sales decline, as occurred during the 2008 tax season, there will be a reduced amount available
for our marketing and advertising programs. The support of our franchisees is critical for the success of our marketing programs and any
new strategic initiatives we seek to undertake. While we can mandate certain strategic initiatives through enforcement of our franchise agreements, we need the active support of our franchisees if the implementation of our marketing programs and
strategic initiatives is to be successful. Although we believe that our current relationships with our franchisees are generally good, there can be no assurance that our franchisees will continue to support our marketing programs and strategic
initiatives. The failure of our franchisees to support our marketing programs and strategic initiatives would adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategy and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Our operating results depend on the continued success and growth of our franchise system. The continued success and growth of our franchise system depends on our maintaining a satisfactory working relationship with our franchisees. Lawsuits and
other disputes with our franchisees, or disputes between our franchisees and our financial partners, could discourage our franchisees from expanding their business within our network or lead to negative publicity, which could discourage new
franchisees from entering our network or existing franchisees from renewing their franchise agreements, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Several of our franchisees have filed
purported class action lawsuits against SBB T and HSBC relating to the terms of the contracts between the franchisees and the financial product providers and the manner in which financial products are facilitated. The after effects of the
negative publicity relating to the DOJ Lawsuits and the IRS examination of us could also discourage new franchisees from entering the system or existing franchisees from renewing their franchise agreements. In 1999 and 2000, we offered our franchisees the opportunity to renew their franchise relationship with us before their franchise agreement expired. In
these early renewal programs, 93 of our franchisees entered into a new franchise agreement for a new 10-year term, and, as a result, approximately a third of our existing franchise agreements come up for renewal in 2009 or 2010. Our inability to
renew a significant portion of these franchise agreements on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business is, to some extent, dependent upon our customers ability to obtain financial products through our offices. Our tax return preparation business is, to some extent, dependent on our customers ability to obtain financial products through our tax return preparation offices. The financial products we facilitate are
specialized financial products and relatively few financial institutions offer them. If our arrangements with the financial institutions that provide financial products were to terminate, and we were unable to enter into an alternative relationship
with one or more other financial institutions on acceptable terms or at all, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Certain of our franchisees have filed purported class action
lawsuits against SBB T and HSBC relating to the terms of the contracts between the franchisees and the financial product providers and the manner in which financial products are facilitated. SBB T and HSBC have submitted indemnification
claims to the Company in regards to these lawsuits. If it is ultimately determined that indemnification is applicable, we could experience significant losses as a result of litigation defense and resolution costs, which could cause our profitability
to decline. These lawsuits could also negatively impact our relationship with our financial product providers. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, we earn revenues under our agreements with the providers of financial products to our
customers. Changes in the industry or how financial products are permitted to be provided could result in the termination of these agreements, affect the manner in which financial products are offered or cause our revenues or profitability to
decline. Disruptions in our relationships with large retailers and shopping malls could negatively affect our growth and profitability. 
 Our retail-partner locations are an important part of our location strategy. In 2008, over 1,300 of our retail-partner locations were located within
Wal-Mart stores. Our ability to operate in these locations is dependent on our ability to negotiate favorable agreements with retailers and shopping malls and on the continued operation of these stores. Our agreements with retailers and shopping
malls are of limited duration, and we may not be able to renew them on similar terms or at all and many of these agreements are not exclusive. In addition, renewal of each individual location may be dependent of the conduct of the individual
operator seeking to open a Jackson Hewitt Tax Service office in the location. In the event we are unable to negotiate favorable agreements with these or comparable retailers or shopping malls or they close a significant number of stores, especially
immediately prior to or during the tax season, or our operators are unsuccessful in opening these locations, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The highly seasonal nature of our business presents a number of financial risks and operational challenges which if we fail to meet could materially affect our
business. Our business is highly seasonal. We generate substantially all our revenues during the period from January 1 through
April 30. The concentration of our revenue-generating activity during this relatively short period presents a number of operational challenges for us and our franchisees, including: (i) cash and resource management during the first eight
months of our fiscal year, when we generally operate at a loss and incur fixed costs and costs of preparing for the upcoming tax season; (ii) flexible staffing, because the number of employees at our network s offices during the peak of
the tax season is exponentially higher than at any other time; (iii) accurate forecasting of revenues and expenses; and (iv) ensuring optimal uninterrupted operations during tax season. If we were unable to meet these challenges or we were to experience significant business interruptions during the tax season, which may be caused by
labor shortages, systems failures, work stoppages, adverse weather or other events, many of which are beyond our control, we could experience a loss of business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. We face significant competition in our business that may negatively impact our revenues, profitability and market position. 
 The paid tax return preparation market is highly competitive. Our network competes with tens of thousands of paid tax return preparers and
regional and national accounting firms and financial service institutions that prepare tax returns as part of their businesses. Some of these firms are larger and better capitalized. We also face competitive challenges from the online and software
self preparer market, including Free File Alliance, a consortium of the IRS and online preparation services that provides free online tax return preparation and filing, and from volunteer organizations that prepare tax returns at no cost for
low-income taxpayers. The availability of these alternatives may reduce demand for our products and limit the amount of fees that we can charge. Competitors may develop or offer more attractive or lower cost products and services than ours which
could erode our customer base. In addition, an increase in use of free tax return preparation services could result in a loss of our customers and could cause revenues or profitability to decline. Additionally, federal and state governments may in the future become direct competitors to our tax offerings. Were federal and state governments to
provide their own software and electronic filing services to taxpayers at no charge it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Our business relies on technology systems and electronic communications, which, if disrupted, could significantly
affect our business. Our ability to file tax returns electronically and to facilitate financial products depends on our ability to
electronically communicate with all of our network s offices, the IRS and the financial institutions that provide these financial products. Our electronic communications network is subject to disruptions of various magnitudes and durations. Any
severe disruption of our network or electronic communications, especially during the tax season, could impair our ability to complete our customers tax filings, to facilitate financial products and to provide technology services to the
financial institutions providing financial products or to maintain our operations, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our failure to protect our intellectual property rights may harm our competitive position, and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights or defend
against third party allegations of infringement may be costly. Third parties may infringe or misappropriate our trademarks or other
intellectual property rights, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. The actions we take to protect our trademarks and other proprietary rights may not be adequate. Litigation may be
necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. There are no assurances that we will be able to prevent infringement of our intellectual
property rights or misappropriation of our proprietary information. Any infringement or misappropriation could harm any competitive advantage we currently derive or may derive from our proprietary rights. Third parties may assert infringement claims
against us. Any claims and any resulting litigation could subject us to significant liability for damages. An adverse determination in any litigation of this type could require us to design around a third party s patent or to license
alternative technology from another party. In addition, litigation is time-consuming and expensive to defend and could result in the diversion of our time and resources. Any claims from third parties may also result in limitations on our ability to
use the intellectual property subject to these claims. We are a holding company that depends on cash flow from our subsidiaries to meet our
obligations. We are a holding company with no material assets other than the stock of our subsidiaries. Accordingly, all our operations
are conducted by our subsidiaries. As a holding company, we require dividends and other payments from our subsidiaries to meet cash requirements or other obligations. If our subsidiaries are unable to pay us dividends and make other payments to us
when needed, we will be unable to satisfy our obligations. Our credit facility contains restrictive covenants and other requirements that may limit our
business flexibility by imposing operating and financial restrictions on our operations. The agreement governing our credit facility
imposes operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictive covenants that will require us to maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy financial condition tests. In addition, our credit facility contains various customary
restrictive covenants that limit our ability to, among other things, (i) incur additional indebtedness or guarantees, (ii) create liens or other encumbrances on our property, (iii) enter into a merger or similar transaction,
(iv) sell or transfer property except in the ordinary course of business, (v) make dividend and other restricted payments, (vi) make share repurchases and (vii) make acquisitions. Our ability to comply with the ratios or tests in our credit facility may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic,
financial and industry conditions. A breach of any of these covenants, ratios or tests could result in a default under our credit facility. In addition, these covenants may prevent us from incurring additional indebtedness to expand our operations
and execute our business strategy, including making acquisitions or share repurchases. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Our floating rate debt financing exposes us to interest rate risk. We may borrow amounts under our credit facility that bear interest at rates that vary with prevailing market interest rates. Accordingly, a rise in market
interest rates will adversely affect our financial results. We expect to draw most heavily on this credit facility from May through February of each year and then repay a significant portion of the borrowings by the end of each tax season.
Therefore, a significant rise in interest rates during our off-season will have a disproportionate impact on our profitability. Because the tax season
is relatively short and straddles two quarters, our quarterly results may not be indicative of our performance, which may increase the volatility of the trading price of our common stock. We experience quarterly variations in revenues and operating income as a result of many factors, including the highly seasonal nature of the tax return
preparation business, the timing of off-season activities and the hiring of personnel. Due to the foregoing factors, our quarter-to-quarter results vary significantly. In addition, because our peak period straddles the third and fourth quarters and
a variety of factors may result in a delay or acceleration in the number of tax returns processed in January, year-to-year quarterly comparisons are not as meaningful as year-to-year tax season comparisons. To the extent our quarterly results vary
significantly from year to year, our stock price may be subject to significant volatility. Although we intend to pay dividends in the future, our
financial condition, debt covenants or Delaware law may prohibit us from doing so. Our payment of dividends in the future will be at
the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our earnings, capital requirements and financial condition. Our ability to pay dividends will be subject to compliance with customary financial covenants that are
contained in our credit facility. Dividends may also be limited or prohibited by any future borrowings or issuances of preferred stock. In addition, applicable law requires that our board of directors determine that we have adequate surplus prior to
the declaration of dividends. There can be no assurance that we will pay dividends at the levels currently anticipated or at all. We are subject to
certain provisions that may have the effect of hindering, delaying or preventing third party takeovers, which may prevent our shareholders from receiving premium prices for their shares in an unsolicited takeover and make it more difficult for third
parties to replace our current management. Our certificate of incorporation, by-laws and our rights plan contain several provisions
that may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us without the approval of our board of directors. These provisions include, among other things, a classified board of directors, the elimination of stockholder action by
written consent, advance notice for raising business or making nominations at meetings and blank check preferred stock. Blank check preferred stock enables our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to designate and issue
additional series of preferred stock with such dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights, including the right to issue convertible securities with no limitations on conversion, as our board of directors may determine are appropriate,
including rights to dividends and proceeds in a liquidation that are senior to the common stock. These provisions may make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting common stock. We are also subject to certain provisions of Delaware law which could delay, deter or prevent us from entering into an acquisition, including
Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder unless specific conditions are met. These provisions also may delay, prevent or
deter a merger, acquisition, tender offer, proxy contest or other transaction that might otherwise result in our stockholders receiving a premium over the market price for their common stock. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, our stockholder rights plan entitles our stockholders to acquire shares of our common stock
at a price equal to 50 of the then current market value in limited circumstances when a third party acquires 15 or more of our outstanding common stock (excluding as a result of share repurchases by us) or announces its intent to commence a tender
offer for at least 15 of our common stock, in each case, in a transaction that our board of directors does not approve. Because, under these limited circumstances, all of our stockholders would become entitled to affect discounted purchases of our
common stock, other than the person or group that caused the rights to become exercisable, the existence of these rights would significantly increase the cost of acquiring control of us without the support of our board of directors. The existence of
the rights plan could therefore deter potential acquirers and thereby reduce the likelihood that a stockholder will receive a premium for his or her common stock in an acquisition. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to detect fraud or report our financial results accurately, which could harm our business and the trading price of our common
stock. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and to detect and prevent fraud. We
periodically assess our system of internal controls, and the internal controls of service providers upon which we rely, to review their effectiveness and identify potential areas of improvement. These assessments may conclude that enhancements,
modifications or changes to our system of internal controls are necessary. Performing assessments of internal controls, implementing necessary changes, and maintaining an effective internal controls process is expensive and requires considerable
management attention. Internal control systems are designed in part upon assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and all such systems, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the
objectives of the system are met. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how
remote. If we fail to implement and maintain an effective system of internal controls or prevent fraud, we could suffer losses, could be subject to costly litigation, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information and our
brand and operating results could be harmed, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. Pursuant to
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we and our independent registered public accounting firm must certify the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting annually. Identification of material weaknesses in internal
controls over financial reporting by us or our independent registered public accounting firm could adversely affect our competitive position in our business, and the market price for our common stock. Goodwill impairment charges can cause significant fluctuation in our net income. We may incur impairment charges related to the goodwill already recorded and to goodwill arising out of future acquisitions, particularly related to our company-owned operations goodwill. At April 30, 2008, we
had 414.9 million in goodwill on our balance sheet, of which 78.1 million is related to our company-owned operations. Following the significant decline in operating margins experienced in fiscal 2008, to the extent that our company-owned
operations do not achieve expected growth in profitability and cash flows, among other assumptions, we may be subject to a goodwill impairment charge. Any impairment of the value of our goodwill could have a significant negative impact on our future
operating results. 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. There were no
unresolved staff comments. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES. Our corporate headquarters are located
in a leased office in Parsippany, New Jersey consisting of approximately 45,000 square feet. The lease for this office is scheduled to expire in 2012. Our technology facility is located in a leased office in Sarasota, Florida consisting of
approximately 34,000 square feet. The lease for this office is schedule to expire in 2014. All of our company-owned offices are operated under leases. We believe that our offices are in good repair and sufficient to meet our present needs.

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. On March 18, 2003, Canieva
Hood and Congress of California Seniors brought a purported class action suit against Santa Barbara Bank Trust SBB T and us in the Superior Court of California (Santa Barbara, following a transfer from San Francisco)
seeking declaratory relief in connection with the provision of RALs, as to the lawfulness of the practice of cross-lender debt collection, as to the validity of SBB T s cross-lender debt collection provision and as to whether the method of
disclosure to customers with respect to the provision is unlawful or fraudulent, and seeking injunctive relief, restitution, disgorgement, compensatory damages, statutory damages, punitive damages, attorneys fees, and expenses. We are a party
in the action for allegedly collaborating, and aiding and abetting, in the actions of SBB T. The Congress of California Seniors was subsequently removed as a plaintiff. A class certification hearing has been scheduled for November 12, 2008.
The case is in its discovery and pretrial stage. We believe we have meritorious defenses and are contesting this matter vigorously. On December 18, 2003, Ms. Hood also filed a separate suit against us in the Ohio Court of Common Pleas
(Montgomery County) and is seeking to certify a class in the action. The allegations of negligence, breach of fiduciary duty, and violation of certain Ohio law relate to the same set of facts as the California action. Plaintiff seeks equitable and
declaratory relief, damages, attorneys fees, and expenses. The case is in its discovery and pretrial stage. We believe we have meritorious defenses and are contesting this matter vigorously. On September 26, 2006, Willie Brown brought a purported class action complaint against us in the Ohio Court of Common Pleas, Cuyahoga County, on
behalf of Ohio customers who obtained RALs facilitated by us, for an alleged failure to comply with Ohio s Credit Services Organization Act, and for alleged unfair and deceptive acts in violation of Ohio s Consumer Sales Practices Act, and
seeking damages and injunctive relief. We believe we have meritorious defenses and are contesting this matter vigorously. On
October 30, 2006, Linda Hunter brought a purported class action complaint against us in the United States District Court, Southern District of West Virginia, on behalf of West Virginia customers who obtained RALs facilitated by us, seeking
damages for an alleged breach of fiduciary duty, for alleged breach of West Virginia s Credit Service Organization Act, for alleged breach of contract, and for alleged unfair or deceptive acts or practices in connection with our RAL
facilitation activities. On November 22, 2006, we filed a motion to dismiss. On November 6, 2007, the Court partially granted our motion to dismiss. On November 21, 2007, we answered the complaint. On March 13, 2008, the Court
granted our partial motion for summary judgment on plaintiff s breach of contract claim. The case is in its discovery and pretrial stage. We believe we have meritorious defenses and are contesting this matter vigorously. On April 20, 2007, Brent Wooley brought a purported class action complaint against us and certain unknown franchisees in the United States District
Court, Northern District of Illinois. The complaint, which was subsequently amended, was brought on behalf of customers who obtained tax return preparation services that allegedly included false deductions without support by the customer that
resulted in penalties being assessed by the IRS against the taxpayer for violations of the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Practices Act, and the Racketeering and Corrupt Organizations Act, and alleging unjust enrichment and breach of
contract, seeking compensatory and punitive damages, restitution, and attorneys fees. The alleged violations of the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Practices Act relate to representations regarding tax return preparation, Basic Guarantee
and Gold Guarantee coverage and denial of Gold Guarantee claims. On August 1, 2007, we filed a 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

motion to dismiss which, on September 5, 2007, was denied without prejudice to permit the plaintiff to further amend the complaint. On October 5,
2007, plaintiff filed a second amended complaint to add additional parties. On November 20, 2007, we filed a motion to dismiss the second amended complaint. On March 25, 2008, the Court dismissed all claims. On April 11, 2008,
plaintiff filed a motion for leave to file a third amended complaint. We opposed that motion. On June 19, 2008, the Court denied plaintiff s motion, and permitted the plaintiff to file a fourth amended complaint consistent with the
Court s March 25, 2008 decision. We believe we have meritorious defenses and are contesting this matter vigorously. On
January 17, 2008, an attorney with the New York State Division of Human Rights (the Division filed with the Division a Division-initiated administrative complaint against us for allegedly marketing loan products to individuals in
New York based on their race and military status in violation of New York State s Human Rights Law, and seeking injunctive and other relief. On February 19, 2008, we filed a response to the complaint with the Division. On March 11,
2008, the Division filed its rebuttal to our response. The Division is undertaking an investigation to determine whether to commence an administrative hearing. We believe we have meritorious defenses and are contesting this matter vigorously in the
investigative process and in any administrative hearing that will occur in the Division. We are from time to time subject to other legal
proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, none of which we believe are likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there can be no assurance that such litigation
or claims, or any future litigation or claims, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM 4. 
 SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS. No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. Price Range of Common Stock The principal
market in the United States for our common stock is the NYSE. The only class of our securities that is traded is our common stock. Our common stock has traded on the NYSE since June 22, 2004, under the symbol JTX. The following table sets forth
the quarterly high and low sales prices of our common stock for the period indicated as reported by the NYSE. These prices do not include retail mark-ups, markdowns, or commissions. 

Fiscal 2008 

High 
 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter: 
 
 May 1-July 31, 2007 

32.30 

26.86 
 
 Second Quarter: 
 
 August 1-October 31, 2007 

33.82 

25.65 
 
 Third Quarter: 
 
 November 1, 2007-January 31, 2008 

34.48 

21.60 
 
 Fourth Quarter: 
 
 February 1-April 30, 2008 

23.67 

10.90 

Fiscal 2007 

High 
 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter: 
 
 May 1-July 31, 2006 

35.76 

29.44 
 
 Second Quarter: 
 
 August 1-October 31, 2006 

36.70 

27.90 
 
 Third Quarter: 
 
 November 1, 2006-January 31, 2007 

37.44 

32.90 
 
 Fourth Quarter: 
 
 February 1-April 30, 2007 

36.82 

26.26 
 Approximate Number of Equity Security Holders As of May 31, 2008, there were 25 shareholders of record of our common stock. Dividends In fiscal 2008, we paid four quarterly dividends of 0.18 per share to holders of
our common stock totaling 21.3 million. In fiscal 2007, we paid four quarterly dividends of 0.12 per share to holders of our common stock totaling 15.8 million. We intend to continue the payment of quarterly cash dividends to holders of
our common stock in the foreseeable future. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Period of settlement date 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 
 Average Price Paid per Share
(including Commissions) 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program 
 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program at end of Period(a) 
 
 February 1-29, 2008 
 
 179,800 

23.08 
 
 179,800 

33.7 million 
 
 March 1-31, 2008 

33.7 million 
 
 April 1-30, 2008 

33.7 million 

Three months ended April 30, 2008 
 
 179,800 

23.08 
 
 179,800 

33.7 million 

(a) 
 On October 13, 2006, we announced a 200.0 million multi-year share repurchase program. In fiscal 2008, we repurchased 3,486,946 shares of our common stock totaling 99.0 million under the current 200.0 million multi-year share repurchase
program. As of April 30, 2008, we have repurchased 5,581,535 shares of our common stock totaling 166.3 million under our 200.0 million multi-year share repurchase program. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph The following graph assumes 100 invested on June 22, 2004, the date of the Company s
IPO, and compares (a) the percentage change in the Company s cumulative total stockholder return on the Common Stock (as measured by dividing (i) the sum of (A) the cumulative amount of dividends, assuming dividend reinvestment,
during the period commencing June 22, 2004, and ending on April 30, 2008, and (B) the difference between the Company s share price at the end and the beginning of the periods presented by (ii) the share price at the
beginning of the periods presented) with (b) (i) the Russell 3000 Index; (ii) the Standard Poor s Diversified Consumer Services Index; and (iii) the Dow
Jones Wilshire Specialized Consumer Services Index. 

6/04 
 
 7/04 
 
 10/04 
 
 1/05 
 
 4/05 
 
 7/05 
 
 10/05 
 
 1/06 
 
 4/06 
 
 Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. 

100.00 

100.87 

122.14 

129.95 

107.81 

148.64 

145.66 

149.28 

177.03 
 
 Russell 3000 

100.00 

97.06 

100.59 

106.11 

104.30 

113.48 

111.25 

119.55 

123.16 
 
 S P Diversified Consumer Services 

100.00 

93.33 

79.49 

89.27 

85.94 

93.09 

79.44 

73.84 

71.02 
 
 DJ Wilshire Specialized Consumer Services 

100.00 

88.38 

93.94 

92.22 

82.10 

96.43 

89.23 

92.66 

87.06 

7/06 
 
 10/06 
 
 1/07 
 
 4/07 
 
 7/07 
 
 10/07 
 
 1/08 
 
 4/08 
 
 Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. 

202.99 

206.60 

219.13 

165.87 

164.67 

190.43 

135.62 

92.82 
 
 Russell 3000 

119.31 

129.46 

136.41 

140.99 

138.50 

148.28 

132.22 

133.72 
 
 S P Diversified Consumer Services 

65.78 

57.10 

65.78 

66.12 

71.34 

89.04 

85.95 

68.80 
 
 DJ Wilshire Specialized Consumer Services 

73.14 

81.70 

87.43 

92.77 

91.03 

105.09 

85.92 

86.28 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. The following table sets
forth our selected historical consolidated financial data as of and for each of the years in the five-year period ended April 30, 2008. You should read this information in conjunction with the information under Part II.
Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Part I. Item 1 Business and our historical consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto
included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Our historical consolidated statement of operations data and consolidated balance sheet data as of and for each of the years in the five-year period ended April 30, 2008 has been derived from our
audited consolidated financial statements. Our historical consolidated financial statements as of April 30, 2008 and 2007 and for each of the years in the three-year period ended April 30, 2008 have been included under Part II.
Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Our results of operations and cash flows for the period from
May 1, 2004 through our IPO date and for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2004 reflects the historical results of operations and cash flows of the business divested by Cendant in our IPO. As a result, the accompanying Consolidated Financial
Statements may not necessarily reflect our results of operations and cash flows in the future or what our results of operations and cash flows would have been had we been a stand-alone public company during these periods. 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 
 
 2004 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations Data (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Total revenues 

278,505 

293,196 

275,410 

232,487 

205,615 

Selling, general and administrative(1),(2),(3),(4),(5) 

48,895 

35,792 

39,723 

30,397 

30,500 

Interest expense(6) 

14,402 

9,972 

8,301 

6,700 

373 

Write-off of deferred financing costs(7) 

108 

2,677 

Net income 

32,427 

65,380 

57,961 

49,951 

42,960 

Earnings per share(8): 

Basic 

1.09 

1.97 

1.61 

1.33 

1.15 

Diluted 

1.09 

1.93 

1.59 

1.32 

1.15 

As of April 30, 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 
 
 2004 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet Data (in thousands): 

Total assets 

600,065 

573,541 

588,082 

675,089 

725,942 

Long-term debt(6),(8),(9) 

231,000 

127,000 

50,000 

175,000 

Stockholders equity(8),(9) 

236,517 

303,490 

387,923 

396,237 

655,096 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 
 
 2004 
 
 Other Consolidated Data: 

Cash dividends declared per share 

0.72 

0.48 

0.32 

0.21 

(1) 
 In fiscal 2008 and fiscal 2007, we incurred 5.9 million and 0.5 million of expenses, respectively, in connection with the Internal Review. 

(2) 
 In fiscal 2008, we incurred 6.1 million in management severance expenses, including a 5.7 million charge related to the departure of our former Chief Executive Officer.
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

(3) 
 In fiscal 2007, we incurred 1.9 million in litigation related expenses in connection with the previously disclosed settlement of the California Attorney General and Pierre
Brailsford matters regarding the origination of RALs between 2001 and 2005; in fiscal 2006, we accrued 3.8 million in litigation related expenses in connection with the California Attorney General matter. In fiscal 2004, we incurred a litigation
settlement charge of 10.4 million in connection with the settlement of franchisee litigation related to RALs. 

(4) 
 In fiscal 2005, we incurred a stock-based compensation charge of 4.5 million related to the issuance to employees of vested stock options and common stock in exchange for
Cendant stock options and RSUs that were held by such employees prior to our IPO. 

(5) 
 Following our IPO in June 2004, we began to incur incremental costs as a result of being a public company such as additional insurance and stock-based compensation.

(6) 
 Interest expense increased in fiscal 2005 primarily due to the issuance of 175.0 million of five-year floating-rate senior unsecured notes (the 175 Million Notes in
connection with our IPO. The 175 Million Notes were repaid in June 2005. Thereafter, interest expense was primarily attributable to borrowings under our credit facility. 

(7) 
 In fiscal 2006, we incurred a non-cash charge of 2.7 million related to the write-off of deferred financing costs associated with the repayment of the 175 Million Notes and
termination of our 100.0 million five-year revolving credit facility (the 100 Million Credit Facility ). This facility was replaced with an amended credit facility. 

(8) 
 In fiscal 2008, fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2006, we repurchased 3,486,946, 4,415,348 and 2,538,197 shares of our common stock, respectively, totaling 99.0 million, 142.3 million and
 61.3 million under our current and previous share repurchase programs. 

(9) 
 In connection with our IPO in June 2004, we paid a special dividend to Cendant in the amount of 306.9 million (the Special Dividend ). The 175.0 million cash
portion of the dividend was funded entirely from the net proceeds of the 175 Million Notes issuance and the remaining 131.9 million represents the cancellation of a receivable due from Cendant. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements
beginning on page 48 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We manage and evaluate the operating results of our business in two segments: 

Franchise operations: This segment consists of the operations of our franchise business, including royalty and marketing and advertising revenues, financial product
fees and other revenues; and 

Company-owned office operations: This segment consists of the operations of our company-owned offices for which we recognize service revenues primarily for the
preparation of tax returns. Revenues that we earn consist of the following components: Franchise operations revenues: 

Royalty revenues: We earn royalty revenues from our franchisees. Our franchise agreements require franchisees to pay us a royalty fee of 15 of their
revenues (12 for most territories sold before mid-year 2000). In fiscal 2008, our average royalty rate was 13.5 . Franchisees earn revenues from the preparation of tax returns and from related products and services. We recognize royalty revenues
upon the completion of paid tax returns by our franchisees. 

Marketing and advertising revenues: In addition to royalty revenues, franchisees pay us a marketing and advertising fee equal to 6 of their revenues. We
recognize marketing and advertising revenues upon the completion of paid tax returns by our franchisees. 

Financial product fees: Tax Season 2008 In September and October 2007, we entered into the following agreements: 

Program Agreement (the Republic Program Agreement ), dated September 19, 2007, with Republic Bank Trust Company Republic 

Technology Services Agreement (the Republic Technology Agreement ), dated September 19, 2007, with Republic; 

Amended and Restated Program Agreement (the Amended and Restated SBB T Program Agreement ), dated September 21, 2007, with Santa Barbara
Bank Trust SBB T 

Amended and Restated Technology Services Agreement (the Amended and Restated SBB T Technology Agreement ), dated September 21, 2007, with
SBB 

Amended and Restated Program Agreement (the Amended and Restated HSBC Program Agreement ), dated October 8, 2007, with HSBC Taxpayer Financial
Services Inc. HSBC and 

Amended and Restated Technology Services Agreement (the Amended and Restated HSBC Technology Agreement ), dated October 8, 2007, with HSBC.
 The Republic Program Agreement, the Amended and Restated SBB T Program Agreement and the Amended and
Restated HSBC Program Agreement are collectively referred to as the Program Agreements. The Republic Technology Agreement, the Amended and Restated SBB T Technology Agreement and the Amended and Restated HSBC Technology Agreement are
collectively referred to as the Technology Agreements. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Under the Program Agreements, Republic, SBB T and HSBC offer, process and administer
certain financial products, including refund anticipation loans RALs ), through Jackson Hewitt Tax Service locations. In connection with the Program Agreements, each financial product provider pays us a fixed annual fee. Pursuant to the
Technology Agreements, we provide certain technology support in connection with these programs. Under the Technology Agreements, we receive a fixed annual fee as well as variable payments tied to growth in the programs. During tax season 2008, Republic, SBB T and HSBC collectively provided financial products to the entire network of Jackson Hewitt Tax
Service offices. During tax seasons 2009 and 2010, we expect that Republic and SBB T will collectively provide financial products to the entire network of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service offices. SBB T provided a majority of the financial
products in the 2008 tax season and we expect that SBB T will provide the majority of the financial products in each of the tax seasons 2009 and 2010. Tax Seasons 2007 and 2006 In tax seasons 2007 and 2006, under the financial product
agreements with HSBC and SBB T that were executed in 2006, we earned a fixed annual fee under such Program agreements as well as a variable payment under the respective Technology Agreements upon the attainment of certain contractual growth
thresholds. Beginning in tax season 2006, we have earned the fixed annual fees under such agreements during the third and
fourth fiscal quarters and the variable payment primary during the fourth fiscal quarter. Additional financial products offered by us include the ipower Card and Gold Guarantee 
product. Revenues from the Gold Guarantee product are earned ratably over the product s life, which approximates 36 months. 

Other financial product revenues: Beginning in January 2006, we no longer earned other financial product revenues related to RALs provided to our customers.
Prior to January 2006, other financial product revenues represented a portion of the net finance fees paid by customers to SBB T and HSBC from the facilitation of RALs that exceeded uncollected loans provided by SBB T and HSBC. Additionally,
we earned revenues with respect to RALs provided by SBB T and HSBC in prior years. 

Other revenues: Other revenues include ancillary fees we earn from franchisees, including a 2.00 fee per tax return prepared paid by franchisees for the
processing of each electronically-transmitted tax return. We recognize revenues from processing fees at the time the tax returns are filed. In fiscal 2008, over 90 of all tax returns filed by our franchisees were filed electronically. Other
revenues also include revenues that we earn from the sale or transfer of our franchise territories. Such revenues are recognized when all material services or conditions relating to the sale have been performed, generally upon completion of a
mandatory training program for new franchisees. Company-owned office operations revenues: 

Service revenues: Service revenues include only revenues earned at our company-owned offices and primarily consist of fees that we earn directly from our
customers for the preparation of tax returns. We recognize service revenues upon the completion of tax returns by our company-owned offices. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Notable Events in Fiscal 2008 Internal Review Concluded On September 20, 2007, we reached an agreement with the IRS resolving its examination
of our internal tax return preparation compliance systems and processes. In connection with closing the audit, we agreed to make a voluntary compliance payment of 1.5 million, which is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations. In September 2007, the Department of Justice DOJ announced that it had reached a
settlement of the civil injunction suits it had filed in April 2007 against a franchisee and other named defendants operating in four states based upon allegations involving fraudulent tax return preparation DOJ Lawsuits ). We were not
named as a defendant in these suits. In October 2007, the franchisee named in the DOJ Lawsuits exited the Jackson Hewitt system. We
retained outside counsel to conduct an internal review (the Internal Review of the allegations set forth in the DOJ Lawsuits and of our policies, practices and procedures in connection with such tax return preparation
activities. The Internal Review s examination determined that there was no corporate involvement in the allegations made against the franchisee. It also resulted in recommendations which were implemented for the 2008 tax season and
enhanced certain systems and processes, including the development of additional compliance requirements such as enhanced monitoring tools and increased training of franchisees and tax return preparers. Acquisitions On October 4, 2007, we
acquired substantially all of the assets of the tax return preparation businesses in the Atlanta, Chicago, and Detroit markets (collectively, the October 4, 2007 Acquisitions from the franchisee named in the DOJ Lawsuits, and we are
operating these stores as company-owned locations. Total consideration under the terms of the purchase agreements for the Acquisitions is 19.1 million in cash, with the remaining fifty percent due July 2008. In addition to the above acquisitions, in fiscal 2008, we acquired 12 other tax return preparation businesses for a total purchase price of 8.5 million.
 Management Changes On
October 9, 2007, the employment of Michael D. Lister, formerly Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors, was terminated without cause. Upon termination, Mr. Lister also resigned as a director and Chairman of the
Board. Michael C. Yerington, formerly President and Chief Operating Officer, was promoted to President and Chief Executive Officer and Mark L. Heimbouch, formerly Chief Financial Officer, was promoted to Chief Operating Officer. In order to fill the
vacancy created by Mr. Lister s departure, our Board of Directors elected Mr. Yerington as a Class III director to serve until the annual meeting of our stockholders in 2010 or until his successor is elected and duly qualified or
until his earlier resignation or removal. The Board of Directors separated the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Margaret Richardson, former Commissioner of Internal Revenue and current member of the Company s Board of Directors,
was named Non-Executive Chair of the Board. Effective January 2, 2008, Daniel P. O Brien was hired as our Executive Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Economic Stimulus In February 2008, President Bush signed into law the Economic Stimulus Act of 2008. The new law allows a refundable credit against tax to low and
middle-income individuals for 2008. We prepared 0.63 million ESP tax returns in 2008, which were tax returns filed by customers that had no legal requirement to file a tax return but 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

filed a tax return solely to receive an economic stimulus payment from the Internal Revenue Service IRS ). We have presented certain tax return
data excluding the impact of ESP tax returns in order to help investors compare, on an equivalent basis, our financial results for fiscal 2008 as compared to prior years. Our consolidated results of operations are set forth below and are followed by a more detailed discussion of each of our business segments, as well as a detailed discussion of certain corporate and other expenses.

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

(In thousands) 

Consolidated Results of Operations: 

Revenues 

Franchise operations revenues: 

Royalty 

76,549 

83,060 

76,234 

Marketing and advertising 

33,994 

37,159 

34,685 

Financial product fees 

71,496 

80,011 

74,458 

Other financial product revenues 

5,518 

Other 

9,934 

12,776 

12,986 

Service revenues from company-owned office operations 

86,532 

80,190 

71,529 

Total revenues 

278,505 

293,196 

275,410 

Expenses 

Cost of franchise operations 

35,383 

33,435 

31,179 

Marketing and advertising 

48,388 

44,247 

40,977 

Cost of company-owned office operations 

65,886 

51,706 

47,084 

Selling, general and administrative 

48,895 

35,792 

39,723 

Depreciation and amortization 

13,233 

12,266 

11,428 

Total expenses 

211,785 

177,446 

170,391 

Income from operations 

66,720 

115,750 

105,019 

Other income/(expense): 

Interest income 

1,835 

1,856 

1,924 

Interest expense 

(14,402) 

(9,972) 

(8,301) 
 
 Write-off of deferred financing costs 

(108) 

(2,677) 
 
 Other 

520 

Income before income taxes 

54,153 

107,526 

96,485 

Provision for income taxes 

21,726 

42,146 

38,524 

Net income 

32,427 

65,380 

57,961 

28 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents selected key operating statistics for our franchise and company-owned office
operations. 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2008 
 
 2008(1) 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 Operating Statistics 

Offices: 

Franchise operations 

5,763 

5,763 

5,778 

5,379 
 
 Company-owned office operations 

1,000 

1,000 

723 

643 

Total offices system 

6,763 

6,763 

6,501 

6,022 

Tax returns prepared (in thousands): 

Franchise operations 

2,995 

2,942 

3,229 

3,246 
 
 Company-owned office operations 

461 

451 

420 

412 

Total tax returns prepared system 

3,456 

3,393 

3,649 

3,658 

Average revenues per tax return prepared: 

Franchise operations(2) 

189.15 

191.98 

191.82 

178.06 

Company-owned office operations(3) 

187.69 

191.23 

190.74 

173.82 

Average revenues per tax return prepared system 

188.96 

191.88 

191.69 

177.58 

Financial products (in thousands)(4) 

3,108 

3,108 

3,412 

3,350 

Average financial product fees per financial product(5) 

23.00 

23.00 

23.45 

22.23 

(1) 
 Excludes the impact of ESP tax returns. 

(2) 
 Calculated as total revenues earned by our franchisees, which does not represent revenues earned by Jackson Hewitt, divided by the number of tax returns prepared by our franchisees
(see calculation below). We earn royalty and marketing and advertising revenues, which represent a percentage of the revenues received by our franchisees. 

(3) 
 Calculated as tax return preparation revenues and related fees earned by company-owned offices (as reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Operations) divided by the number of
tax returns prepared by company-owned offices. 

(4) 
 Consists of RALs, assisted refunds and Gold Guarantee products. 

(5) 
 Calculated as revenues earned from financial product fees (as reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Operations) divided by number of financial products.
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Calculation of average revenues per tax return prepared in Franchise Operations: 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2008 

2008(1) 

2007 

2006 

(Dollars in thousands, except per tax return prepared data) 

Total revenues earned by our franchisees(A) 

566,562 

564,875 

619,319 

578,019 

Average royalty rate(B) 

13.53 

13.53 

13.41 

13.19 

Marketing and advertising rate(C) 

6.00 

6.00 

6.00 

6.00 

Combined royalty and marketing and advertising rate(B plus C) 

19.53 

19.53 

19.41 

19.19 

Royalty revenues(A times B) 

76,549 

76,428 

83,060 

76,234 

Marketing and advertising revenues(A times C) 

33,994 

33,892 

37,159 

34,685 

Total royalty and marketing and advertising revenues 

110,543 

110,320 

120,219 

110,919 

Number of tax returns prepared by our franchisees(D) 

2,995 

2,942 

3,229 

3,246 

Average revenues per tax return prepared by our franchisees(A divided by D) 

189.15 

191.98 

191.82 

178.06 

Amounts may not recalculate precisely due to rounding differences. 

(1) 
 Excludes the impact of ESP tax returns. Fiscal Year Ended
April 30, 2008 as Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2007 Total Revenues Total revenues decreased 14.7 million, or 5 , primarily due to a decrease in the number of tax returns prepared by our network, lower financial product
fees earned under our agreements with SBB T, HSBC and Republic and lower territory sales as compared to fiscal 2007. Excluding ESP tax returns, our network of franchised and company-owned offices prepared 3.39 million tax returns in fiscal
2008 (3.46 million total tax returns), a decline of 7 as compared to fiscal 2007 (a decline of 5 for total tax returns). These reductions were partially offset by service revenues of 15.2 million earned at the 182 company-owned offices we added
in fiscal 2008 through acquisitions. Excluding ESP tax returns, average revenues per tax return prepared remained essentially flat as
compared to last year (a decrease of 1 for total returns). Customer retention was just under 58 in fiscal 2008 as compared to just over 60 in fiscal 2007. Same store tax return volume decreased approximately 9 excluding ESP tax returns (and was
down 7 for all tax returns). Contributors to the overall decline in the number of tax returns prepared were as follows: 

(i) 
 Lack of a pre-season product to help attract customers into our stores in the January and early February timeframe. We not only lacked a pre-season product but we also
underestimated the retention impact this would have on our early season results. For the first month of the 2008 tax season, we were down approximately 300,000 tax returns as compared to the first month of last tax season (on a day over day
comparative basis). Although we experienced growth in the late season, we were not able to completely overcome our slow start. 

(ii) 
 The continued negative publicity surrounding the DOJ Lawsuits and the ineffectiveness of marketing messages. We experienced continued weakness in our brand, more so than our
research predicted in certain markets that were impacted by the DOJ Lawsuits. Additionally, our overall marketing messages and programs did not succeed in creating customer demand throughout the tax season. 

(iii) 
 The impact of our increased compliance efforts. As a result of the Internal Review, a variety of enhancements in the areas of tax return preparation compliance and monitoring
were implemented during the year. However, the time and effort put forth in the implementation likely had some negative impact on the tax return levels in tax season 2008. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Furthermore, an important element of our location strategy is that the maturation of our offices from
which the average number of tax returns prepared per office increases as offices age. Our retail-partner locations typically prepare fewer tax returns as they tend to be smaller in size than typical storefront locations. Due to the factors discussed
above, the average number of tax returns prepared per office presented in the table below decreased in most age categories as compared to fiscal 2007. The following table includes, for fiscal 2008, the average number of tax returns prepared by
offices in our network, including the percentage of retail-partner locations as a percentage of total offices by age category, based upon the number of years in our network: 

Number of Years in our Network 
 
 Offices as a of Total Offices 

Retail-Partner Locations as a of Total Offices By Age 

Average Number of Tax Returns Prepared per Office Excluding ESP Tax Returns
(Total Offices) 
 
 Average Number of Tax Returns Prepared per Office All Tax Returns (Total Offices) 
 
 1 
 
 8 

27 

228 
 
 234 
 
 2 
 
 10 

15 

267 
 
 273 
 
 3 
 
 10 

18 

315 
 
 322 
 
 4 
 
 10 

32 

366 
 
 374 
 
 5 
 
 11 

41 

438 
 
 448 
 
 6 
 
 8 

26 

493 
 
 504 
 
 7+ 
 
 43 

22 

651 
 
 662 

100 

Please see Franchise Results of Operations and Company-Owned Office Results of Operations for
additional highlights. Total Expenses Total operating expenses increased 34.3 million, or 19 . Highlights were as follows: Cost of franchise operations: Cost of
franchise operations increased 1.9 million, or 6 , primarily due to (i) higher Gold Guarantee program costs of 0.5 million; (ii) a 0.4 million charge related to the termination of franchise agreements in connection with the
October 4, 2007 Acquisitions; and (iii) higher amortization of development advances of 0.3 million. Marketing and
advertising: Marketing and advertising expenses increased 4.1 million, or 9 , primarily as a result of having committed to higher spending prior to the beginning of the 2008 tax season in anticipation of higher franchisee revenues. 
 Cost of company-owned office operations: Cost of company-owned office operations increased 14.2 million, or 27 , primarily due to increased
facilities expenses of 6.0 million and increased labor expenses of 5.0 million incurred to support the higher number of company-owned stores. Additionally, the provision for uncollectible accounts receivable, net, increased 3.1 million.
 Selling, general and administrative : The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses of 13.1 million, or 37 , was
primarily due to (i) management severance of 6.1 million including a 5.7 million charge related to the departure of our former Chief Executive Officer; (ii) higher Internal Review expenses of 5.4 million which includes higher
professional fees of 3.9 million and a 1.5 million voluntary compliance payment to the IRS; (iii) higher external legal fees (unrelated to the Internal Review) of 1.5 million; (iv) higher consulting fees of 0.7 million incurred to
support our strategic initiatives; (v) higher stock-based compensation of 0.7 million due to the additional equity awards granted in fiscal 2008; (vi) higher personnel related expenses of 0.6 million; and (vii) higher technology
related expenses of 0.4 million. These expenses were partially 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

offset by the absence of a 1.9 million in litigation related expenses (in connection with the previously disclosed settlement of the California Attorney
General and Pierre Brailsford matters regarding the origination of RALs between 2001 and 2005) and lower commission expense of 1.2 million primarily resulting from the decrease in the number of territories sold. Other Income/(Expense) Interest expense: 
Interest expense increased 4.4 million, or 44 , primarily due to a higher average debt balance resulting from the cumulative impact of share repurchase programs. Our average cost of debt was 5.6 and 6.2 in fiscal 2008 and 2007, respectively.
 Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2007 as Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2006 Total Revenues Total revenues increased 17.8
million, or 6.5 , primarily due to an increase in the average revenues per tax return prepared by our network, higher financial product fees in connection with our agreements with SBB T and HSBC and cumulative growth and higher pricing per
product in our Gold Guarantee program. Average revenues per tax return prepared increased 8 primarily as a result of stronger pricing. The increase in financial product fees was largely related to the attainment of certain contractual growth
thresholds and higher fixed fees under our agreements. Customer retention was approximately just over 60 in fiscal 2007. Same store tax return volume decreased approximately 4 in fiscal 2007. Our network of franchised and company-owned offices prepared 3.65 million tax returns in fiscal 2007, a decline of 0.2 as compared to fiscal 2006.
Contributing to the overall decline were the increased competitive environment, due in part to various pre-season loan products in the marketplace, and the shift in taxpayer filings from early season to late season, compounded by the negative
publicity in early April 2007 surrounding the announcement by the DOJ of the DOJ Lawsuits. The following table includes, for fiscal 2007,
the average number of tax returns prepared by offices in our network, including the percentage of retail-partner locations as a percentage of total offices by age category, based upon the number of years in our network: 

Number of Years in our Network 
 
 Offices as a of Total Offices 

Retail-Partner Locations as a of Total Offices By Age 

Average Number of Tax Returns Prepared per Office (Total Offices) 
 
 1 
 
 11 

17 

245 
 
 2 
 
 11 

19 

302 
 
 3 
 
 12 

32 

376 
 
 4 
 
 12 

42 

454 
 
 5 
 
 9 

26 

533 
 
 6 
 
 6 

23 

612 
 
 7+ 
 
 39 

22 

755 

100 

Please see Franchise Results of Operations and Company-Owned Office Results of Operations for
additional highlights. Total Expenses Total operating expenses increased 7.1 million, or 4 . Highlights were as follows: Cost of franchise operations: Cost of
franchise operations increased 2.3 million, or 7 , primarily due to the cumulative growth in our Gold Guarantee program over the past three years, including higher program costs, which are charged ratably over the product s life, which
approximates 36 months. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Marketing and advertising: Marketing and advertising expenses increased 3.3 million, or 8 ,
primarily in line with the increase in marketing and advertising revenues. Cost of company-owned office operations: Cost of
company-owned office operations increased 4.6 million, or 10 , primarily due to increased labor and facilities expenses incurred to support the new offices opened during the previous year to support customer demand. Despite this increase, cost of
operations decreased as a percentage of the related service revenues from operations due to a continued focus on strategic initiatives implemented two years prior. Selling, general and administrative: Selling, general and administrative decreased 3.9 million, or 10 , primarily due to (i) 6.0 million in lower incentive compensation expenses; and (ii) a 1.9
million reduction in litigation related expenses 1.9 million in fiscal 2007 in connection with the previously disclosed settlement of the California Attorney General and Pierre Brailsford matters regarding the origination of RALs between 2001 and
2005 compared to 3.8 million in fiscal 2006 accrued in connection with the California Attorney General matter). These decreases were partially offset by (i) 1.3 million in higher stock-based compensation as we granted additional stock options
in the first quarter of fiscal 2007 for which the associated cost is recognized over the four-year vesting period following the grant date; (ii) a 1.2 increase in salary and commission expense; (iii) a 0.9 million increase in outsourced
technology-related service costs; (iv) 0.8 million in higher external legal fees; and (v) 0.5 million in Internal Review expenses. Other
Income/(Expense) Interest expense: Interest expense increased 1.7 million, or 20 , primarily due to higher interest rates. Our
average cost of debt was 6.2 and 5.5 in fiscal 2007 and 2006, respectively. Write-off of deferred financing costs: In fiscal
2006, we incurred a non-cash charge of 2.7 million related to the write-off of deferred financing costs associated with the repayment of the 175 Million Notes and the replacement of our 100 Million Credit Facility. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Results and Corporate and Other Franchise Operations At the core of our business strategy is the growth and development of
our franchise system. We derive a significant portion of our revenues during the third and fourth fiscal quarters from royalty and marketing and advertising fees. The number of tax returns prepared by our franchise system represented 87 of the
total number of tax returns prepared by our network in fiscal 2008. 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 

(In thousands) 
 
 Results of Operations: 

Revenues: 

Royalty 

76,549 

83,060 

76,234 
 
 Marketing and advertising 

33,994 

37,159 

34,685 
 
 Financial product fees 

71,496 

80,011 

74,458 
 
 Other financial product revenues 

5,518 
 
 Other 

9,934 

12,776 

12,986 

Total revenues 

191,973 

213,006 

203,881 

Expenses: 

Cost of operations 

35,383 

33,435 

31,179 
 
 Marketing and advertising 

40,464 

37,159 

34,691 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 

3,776 

3,945 

3,448 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

9,791 

9,408 

8,706 

Total expenses 

89,414 

83,947 

78,024 

Income from operations 

102,559 

129,059 

125,857 
 
 Other income/(expense): 

Interest income 

1,445 

1,352 

1,121 

Income before income taxes 

104,004 

130,411 

126,978 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2008 as Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2007
 Total Revenues Total revenues
decreased 21.0 million, or 10 , primarily for the same reasons discussed in the Consolidated Results of Operations. The number of tax returns prepared by our franchise operations decreased 7 as compared to fiscal 2007. Royalty and marketing and advertising: Royalty revenues decreased 6.5 million, or 8 , and marketing and advertising revenues decreased 3.2
million, or 9 , primarily due to the decrease in total revenues earned by our franchisees as a result of the decline in the number of tax returns prepared and the sale of certain franchise operations to our company-owned segment during the year.
 Financial product fees: Revenues earned under our agreements with SBB T, HSBC and Republic decreased 8.4 million, or 11 ,
primarily due to lower fees, including a reduction in variable payments related to the lower number of tax returns prepared. In fiscal 2008, financial product fees in connection with the financial product agreements were 61.3 million as compared to
 69.2 million in fiscal 2007. Franchisees facilitated the sale of 2.7 million financial products in fiscal 2008 as compared with 3.0 million in fiscal 2007. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Other revenues: Other revenues decreased 2.8 million, or 22 , primarily due to the decrease in
territory sales as compared to fiscal 2007. Other revenues included the sale of 130 territories in fiscal 2008 as compared to 205 in fiscal 2007. The Company believes that the decline in territory sales was primarily related to negative publicity
surrounding the DOJ Lawsuits. Total Expenses Total operating expenses increased 5.5 million, or 7 . Highlights were as follows: Cost of operations: Cost of operations
increased as discussed in the Consolidated Results of Operations. Marketing and advertising: Marketing and advertising expenses
increased 3.3 million, or 9 , for the reasons discussed in the Consolidated Results of Operations. Franchise operations typically recognize marketing and advertising expenses equal to 6 of total revenues earned by our franchisees. In fiscal 2008,
we incurred 6.5 million, or 19 , of expenses in excess of our 6 obligation as a result of having committed to higher spending prior to the beginning of the 2008 tax season in anticipation of higher franchisee revenues. Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2007 as Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2006 Total Revenues Total revenues increased 9.1 million,
or 4 , primarily for the same reasons discussed in the Consolidated Results of Operations. Average revenues per tax return prepared increased 8 while the number of tax returns prepared by our franchise operations decreased 0.5 as compared to
fiscal 2006. Highlights were as follows: Royalty and marketing and advertising: Royalty revenues increased 6.8 million, or 9 , and
marketing and advertising revenues increased 2.5 million, or 7 , primarily due to the increase in total revenues earned by our franchisees. Additionally, we benefited from an increase in the average royalty rate we earn, which was 13.41 in fiscal
2007 as compared to 13.19 in fiscal 2006, as the segment included more territories at the 15 royalty fee rate. Financial product
fees: Financial product fees increased 5.6 million, or 7 , as discussed in the Consolidated Results of Operations. In fiscal 2007, financial product fees earned in connection with the financial product agreements were 69.2 million as compared
to 65.0 million in fiscal 2006. Gold Guarantee revenues increased by 1.3 million to 9.8 million in fiscal 2007. Franchisees facilitated the sale of 3.0 million financial products in fiscal 2007 as compared with 2.9 million in
fiscal 2006. Other financial product revenues : Other financial product revenues, which were related to RALs, were eliminated
beginning in January 2006 under the financial products agreements that were executed in 2006. Other revenues: Other revenues
included fees generated from the sale of 205 territories in fiscal 2007, consistent with fiscal 2006. Total Expenses Total operating expenses increased 5.9 million, or 8 . Highlights were as follows: Cost of operations: Cost of operations increased as discussed in the Consolidated Results of Operations. Marketing and advertising: Marketing and advertising expenses increased 2.5 million, or 7 , in line with the increase in marketing and
advertising revenues. Franchise operations recognized marketing and advertising expenses equal to 6 of total revenues earned by our franchisees. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Company-Owned Office Operations Complementing our franchise system are our company-owned offices. The number of tax returns prepared by our company-owned offices represented 13 of the total number of tax returns prepared within our network in
fiscal 2008. 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 

(In thousands) 
 
 Results of Operations: 

Revenues 

Service revenues from operations 

86,532 

80,190 

71,529 

Expenses 

Cost of operations 

65,886 

51,706 

47,084 
 
 Marketing and advertising 

7,924 

7,088 

6,286 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 

3,834 

3,395 

3,623 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

3,442 

2,858 

2,722 

Total expenses 

81,086 

65,047 

59,715 

Income from operations 

5,446 

15,143 

11,814 
 
 Other income/(expense): 

Other 

520 

Income before income taxes 

5,446 

15,143 

12,334 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2008 as Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2007
 Revenues Service revenues from
operations increased 6.3 million, or 8 , due to revenues of 15.2 million earned at the 182 offices we added in fiscal 2008 through acquisitions, partially offset by a reduction in revenues attributed to the lower number of tax returns prepared at
the same locations we operated last year and at offices added through organic growth in fiscal 2008. Excluding ESP tax returns, average
revenues per tax return prepared were essentially flat (down 2 for all tax returns due to lower pricing associated with ESP tax returns). Company-owned offices facilitated the sale of approximately 427,000 financial products in fiscal 2008 as
compared with 421,000 in fiscal 2007. Total Expenses Total expenses increased 16.0 million, or 25 . Highlights were as follows: Cost of operations: Cost
of operations increased as discussed in the Consolidated Results of Operations. Marketing and advertising: Marketing and
advertising expenses increased 0.8 million, or 12 , primarily due to the same reasons discussed in the Consolidated Results of Operations. Company-owned office operations recognized marketing and advertising expenses approximately equal to 6 of
tax preparation revenues. In addition, company-owned office operations also recognized regional and local marketing and advertising expenses. We are taking steps to improve our cost position and operational efficiency in this segment following the significant decline in operating margins experienced in fiscal 2008. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2007 as Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2006 
 Revenues Service revenues from operations
increased 8.7 million, or 12 , primarily due to an increase of 10 in the average revenues per tax return prepared as well as an increase of 2 in the number of tax returns prepared. Average revenues per tax return prepared increased primarily as a
result of stronger pricing. Company-owned offices facilitated the sale of 421,000 financial products in fiscal 2007 as compared with 402,000 in fiscal 2006. Total Expenses Total expenses increased 5.3 million, or 9 . Highlights were as follows: Cost of operations: Cost of operations increased as discussed in the Consolidated Results of Operations. Marketing and advertising: Marketing and advertising increased 0.8 million, or 13 , and was closely tied to growth in the business. 
 Corporate and Other Corporate and other expenses
include unallocated corporate overhead supporting both segments, including legal, finance, human resources, real estate facilities and strategic development activities, as well as stock-based compensation. 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

(In thousands) 

Expenses(a) 

General and administrative 

24,554 

21,979 

26,044 

Stock-based compensation 

4,778 

4,122 

2,808 

Litigation related expenses 

1,873 

3,800 

Internal Review expenses 

5,845 

478 

Severance 

6,108 

Total expenses 

41,285 

28,452 

32,652 

Loss from operations 

(41,285) 

(28,452) 

(32,652) 
 
 Other income/(expense): 

Interest income 

390 

504 

803 

Interest expense 

(14,402) 

(9,972) 

(8,301) 
 
 Write-off of deferred financing costs(b) 

(108) 

(2,677) 

Loss before income taxes 

(55,297) 

(38,028) 

(42,827) 

(a) 
 Included in selling, general and administrative in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

(b) 
 Fiscal 2006 charge represents a non-cash charge associated with the repayment of the 175.0 million five-year floating-rate senior unsecured notes and the termination of the 100.0
million five-year revolving credit facility. Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2008 as Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended April 30,
2007 Loss from Operations Loss
from operations increased 12.8 million, or 45 , primarily due to (i) management severance of 6.1 million including a 5.7 million charge related to the departure of our former Chief Executive Officer; (ii) higher Internal Review expenses
of 5.4 million which included higher professional fees of 3.9 million and a 1.5 million voluntary compliance payment to the IRS; (iii) higher external legal fees (unrelated to the Internal Review) of 1.5 million; (iv) higher consulting
fees of 0.7 million incurred to support our strategic initiatives; (v) higher stock-based compensation of 0.7 million due to additional equity awards granted in fiscal 2008; (vi) higher personnel related expenses of 0.6 million; and
(vii) higher technology related expenses of 0.4 million. The increase in overall expenses was partially offset by the absence of a 1.9 million in litigation related expenses which was recognized in fiscal 2007. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Other income/(expense) Interest expense increased as discussed in Consolidated Results of Operations. Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2007
as Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2006 Loss from Operations Loss from operations decreased 4.2 million, or 13 , primarily due to lower performance bonus expenses of 6.0 million and lower litigation related
expenses of 1.9 million. Partially offsetting the overall decrease was (i) higher stock-based compensation of 1.3 million; (ii) higher outsourced technology-related service expenses of 0.9 million; (iii) higher external legal fees
of 0.8 million; (iv) higher salary expense of 0.6 million; and (v) Internal Review expenses of 0.5 million. Other income/(expense)
 Interest expense increased and write-off of deferred financing costs decreased as discussed in Consolidated Results of Operations.
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Historical
Sources and Uses of Cash from Operations Seasonality of Cash Flows The tax return preparation business is highly seasonal resulting in substantially all of our revenues and cash flow being generated during the period from
January 1 through April 30. Following the tax season, from May 1 through December 31, we primarily rely on excess operating cash flow from the previous tax season and our credit facility to fund our operating expenses and to
reinvest in our business to support future growth. Given the nature of the franchise business model, our business is generally not capital intensive and has historically generated strong operating cash flow from operations on an annual basis.
 Credit Facility On May 21, 2008, we amended our five-year unsecured credit facility (the Amended and Restated 450 Million Credit Facility to provide for additional flexibility in connection with the allowable maximum consolidated
leverage ratio under the credit facility covenants. Borrowings under the 450 Million Credit Facility are to be used to finance working capital needs, general corporate purposes, potential acquisitions and repurchases of our common stock.
 The maximum consolidated leverage ratio was amended from 3.0:1.0 to (i) 3.5:1.0 for the fiscal quarters ending July 31, 2008
through January 31, 2009; (ii) 3.15:1.0 for the fiscal quarters ending April 30, 2009 through October 31, 2009; and (iii) 3.0:1.0 for the fiscal quarters ending January 31, 2010 through July 31, 2011. Additionally,
the credit facility was amended to include limitations with regard to share repurchases and acquisitions. We are restricted from repurchasing shares until we achieve a consolidated leverage ratio of 2.5:1.0 or lower for two consecutive fiscal
quarters. Thereafter, achievement of a consolidated leverage ratio of 3.0:1.0 or below is required for continued share repurchases. We are also limited to annual acquisitions of 15.0 million when the consolidated leverage ratio, as defined, is
greater than 3.0:1.0. As of April 30, 2008, our consolidated leverage ratio, as defined, was 2.8:2.0. Furthermore, Eurodollar borrowings will bear interest at LIBOR plus a 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

credit spread ranging from 0.50 to 2.00 per annum; Base Rate borrowings will bear interest at the Prime Rate plus a credit spread up to 1.00 ; and the
annual fee now ranges from 0.10 to 0.40 of the unused portion of the credit facility. In the future, we may require additional financing
to meet our capital needs. Our liquidity position may be negatively affected by unfavorable conditions in the market in which we operate. In addition, our inability to generate sufficient profits during tax season may unfavorably impact our funding
requirements. Sources and Uses of Cash Operating activities In fiscal 2008, we received 45.8 million less cash from operations as compared to fiscal 2007
due to the following: 

Lower franchise operations revenues of 21.0 million primarily due to a decrease in the number of tax returns prepared by our network and lower financial product
fees; 

Higher costs of approximately 11.0 million associated with incremental labor and facilities to support the new company-owned offices opened during the past year;

Payments of 6.3 million associated with the Internal Review (primarily accrued in fiscal 2008): 

Higher interest payments on our credit facility of 4.0 million due to increased borrowings; and 

Payment of 3.5 million in severance primarily attributable to our former Chief Executive Officer s departure from the Company. 
 Partially offsetting the factors discussed above were: 

Lower performance bonus payments as we paid 8.3 million in fiscal 2008 (accrued in fiscal 2007) as compared to 15.8 million last year (accrued in fiscal 2006);
and 

Lower litigation settlement related payments of 7.6 million (accrued prior to fiscal 2008). In fiscal 2007, we received 33.3 million less cash from operations as compared to fiscal 2006 primarily due to the following: 

Higher income tax payments of 16.3 million primarily due to the timing of estimated tax payments and the increase in operating income between years;

Higher performance bonus payments as we paid 15.8 million in fiscal 2007 (accrued in fiscal 2006) as compared to 9.1 million in fiscal 2006 (accrued in fiscal
2005); 

Higher litigation settlement related payments as we paid 7.8 million in fiscal 2007 as compared to 2.2 million in fiscal 2006; and 

Higher marketing and advertising payments primarily due to the reduction of 3.8 million in our marketing and advertising constructive obligation accrued through
April 30, 2006. Partially offsetting the factors discussed above were the increase in net income of 13 and the
timing of payments received from franchisees. Investing activities In fiscal 2008, we used 13.9 million more cash for investing activities as compared to fiscal 2007 due to the following: 

Cash paid for the acquisition of tax return preparation businesses increased 13.8 million; and 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Net funding provided to franchisees increased 2.6 million. Partially offsetting the overall increase in net cash used in investing activities were lower capital expenditures of 2.5 million as last year included leasehold improvements and new equipment purchases associated
with the relocation of our technology headquarters to a new building and lower capitalized software development costs. In fiscal 2007, we
used 0.7 million more cash for investing activities as compared to fiscal 2006 due to the following: 

Cash paid for the acquisition of tax return preparation businesses increased 1.9 million; and 

Net funding provided to franchisees increased 0.3 million. Partially offsetting the overall increase in net cash used in investing activities were lower capital expenditures of 1.8 million primarily due to lower build out costs and new equipment purchases associated with the
relocation of our technology and corporate headquarters to new buildings (our technology headquarters in Florida relocated in fiscal 2007 and our corporate headquarters in New Jersey relocated in fiscal 2006). Financing activities In
fiscal 2008, we used 76.1 million less cash for financing activities as compared to fiscal 2007 primarily due to the following: 

Higher net borrowings under our Amended and Restated 450 Million Credit Facility of 27.0 million; 

Reduced spending of 43.4 million on the repurchase of shares of our common stock; and 

Higher proceeds of 8.5 million resulting from the exercises of stock options. Partially offsetting the overall decrease in net cash used in financing activities were higher quarterly dividend payments to stockholders of 5.5
million for which the quarterly payments were increased to 0.18 per share in fiscal 2008 as compared to 0.12 per share in fiscal 2007. In fiscal 2007, we used 118.6 million less cash used for financing activities as compared to fiscal 2006 primarily due to the repayment of our 175 Million Notes in June 2005 partially offset by (i) higher spending on the repurchase
of shares our common stock of 81.0 million and (ii) higher quarterly dividend payments to stockholders of 4.3 million. Future Cash Requirements
and Sources of Cash Future Cash Requirements Over the next 12 months, our primary cash requirements will be the funding of our operating activities (including capital expenditure requirements,
contractual obligations and commitments), fund acquisitions, provide funding to franchisees for office expansion, repay debt outstanding, make periodic interest payments on our debt outstanding and pay quarterly dividends as described more fully
below. 

Restructuring In fiscal 2009, we will take steps to improve our cost structure and operating efficiency, which will include recognizing employee
severance benefits associated with workforce reductions and contract termination costs to exit leases on underperforming offices. 

Marketing and advertising We receive marketing and advertising payments from franchisees to fund our budget for most of these expenses. Marketing and
advertising expenses include national, regional 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

and local campaigns designed to increase brand awareness and attract both early season and late season customers. Such expenses are seasonal in nature and
typically increase in our third and fourth fiscal quarters when most of our revenues are earned. We are making significant changes to our marketing effort for the 2009 tax season, with the overriding goal of bringing more new customers into our
stores and improving our same-store sales performance, profitability and customer retention. 

Company-owned offices Our company-owned offices complement our franchise system and are focused primarily on organic growth through the opening of new
company-owned offices within existing territories as well as increasing office productivity. We also continue to pursue selective acquisition opportunities for our company-owned office segment in economically attractive, high growth markets adjacent
to our current operations. Under the terms of the purchase agreements in connection with the October 4, 2007 Acquisitions, the remaining balance of the purchase price, approximately 9.55 million, is due in July 2008. Furthermore, under the May
2008 amendment to our credit facility, we are limited to annual acquisitions of 15.0 million when our consolidated leverage ratio, as defined, is greater than 3.0:1.0. Expenses to operate our company-owned offices begin to increase during the third
fiscal quarter and peak during the fourth fiscal quarter primarily due to the labor costs related to the seasonal employees who provide tax return preparation services to our customers. 

Capital expenditures We anticipate spending on capital expenditures in fiscal 2009 primarily for information technology upgrades to support our growth,
which includes personnel related payments capitalized for the development of internal use software. 

Franchisee funding We anticipate providing franchisees with funding for Conversions and to open new storefront offices as we look to build a stronger
distribution system. 

Debt repayment As of May 31, 2008, we had 243.0 million outstanding under our Amended and Restated 450 Million Credit Facility. We anticipate
generating operating cash flow next tax season to partially repay these outstanding borrowings. 

Quarterly dividend On June 3, 2008, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.18 per share of common stock, payable on
July 15, 2008, to common stockholders of record on June 30, 2008. We currently intend to make quarterly cash dividend payments of 0.18 per common share in fiscal 2009. Future Sources of Cash We
borrow against our credit facility to fund operations with increases particularly during the first nine months of the fiscal year. Beginning in the fourth fiscal quarter, we expect our primary source of cash to be cash provided by operating
activities, primarily from the collection of accounts receivable from our franchisees and from the providers of financial products to our customers. We plan to target and will seek to maintain a capital structure that is consistent with a low investment grade credit profile, broadly modeled in the BBB area. We have no near-term intention to seek a formal credit
rating, and, given our size, we may have difficulty receiving an investment grade rating from the major rating agencies; however we use this profile for guidance. We believe that targeting this capital structure profile over the long-term will
result in an appropriate balance between the needs of equity and debt providers, between financial risk and financial flexibility for our Company, while providing a prudent use of leverage to minimize Jackson Hewitt s weighted average cost of
capital. As we assess our future dividend and share repurchase strategies, we plan to do so within the context of maintaining this targeted capital structure. Seasonality of Operations Given the seasonal nature of the tax return preparation business, we have historically generated
and expect to continue to generate substantially all our revenues during the period from January 1 through April 30. In fiscal 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

2008, we earned 95 of our revenues during this period. We historically operate at a loss through the first eight months of each fiscal year, during which we
incur costs associated with preparing for the upcoming tax season. Additionally, the aggregate net loss in the off-season period historically has increased period over period as a result of our prior year office expansion in the company-owned
segment, anticipated growth in the business and the cumulative effect of our share repurchase programs on interest expense. Contractual Obligations
 The following table presents future contractual obligations due by fiscal period as of April 30, 2008: 

2009 
 
 2010-2011 
 
 2012-2013 
 
 2014 and Thereafter 
 
 Total 

(In thousands) 
 
 Long-term debt(1) 

231,000 

231,000 
 
 Operating lease commitments 

10,519 

18,458 

5,172 

925 

35,074 
 
 Purchase obligations(2) 

3,111 

1,012 

338 

4,461 

Total 

13,630 

250,470 

5,510 

925 

270,535 

(1) 
 Accrued interest under the Amended and Restated 450 Million Credit Facility was 0.94 million as of April 30, 2008. Borrowings outstanding under the 450 Million Credit
Facility were 243.0 million as of May 31, 2008. 

(2) 
 In connection with certain marketing, technology-related and other services. Critical Accounting Policies In presenting our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported therein. Events that are outside of our control cannot be predicted and, as such, they cannot be contemplated in
evaluating such estimates and assumptions. If there is a significant unfavorable change to current conditions, it could result in a material adverse impact to our consolidated results of operations, financial position and liquidity. We believe that
the estimates and assumptions we used when preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements were the most appropriate at that time. The following critical accounting policies may affect reported results resulting in variations in our financial
results both on an interim and fiscal year basis. Goodwill We test goodwill for impairment annually in our fourth fiscal quarter, or more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have
occurred. We reviewed the carrying value of our goodwill by comparing the carrying value of our reporting units to their fair value. When determining fair value, we utilized various assumptions, including projections of future cash flows. A change
in these underlying assumptions would cause a change in the results of the tests and, as such, could cause fair value to be less than the respective carrying amount. In such event, we would then be required to record a charge, which would impact
results. An adverse change to our business would impact our consolidated results and may result in an impairment of our goodwill. The aggregate carrying value of our goodwill was 414.9 million as of April 30, 2008. See Part I.
Item 1 Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 4 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets for more information on goodwill. Other Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets We test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually in our fourth fiscal quarter, or more frequently if circumstances
indicate impairment may have occurred. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are carried at the lower of cost or fair value. If the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

the carrying amount, an impairment loss would be recognized in an amount equal to the difference. An adverse change to our business would impact our
consolidated results and may result in an impairment of our indefinite-lived intangible assets. The aggregate carrying value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets was 83.0 million as of April 30, 2008. See Part I.
Item 1 Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 4 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets for more information on indefinite-lived intangible assets. Long-Lived Assets Definite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We test for impairment based on a
comparison of the asset s undiscounted cash flows to its carrying value and, if impaired, written down to fair value based on either discounted cash flows or appraised values. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In September 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements SFAS 157 ). SFAS 157 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and
expands disclosures about fair value measurements. In February 2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position (FSP) FAS 157-2, Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157 FSP FAS 157-2 ). FSP FAS 157-2 defers the implementation
of SFAS No. 157 for all non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities, except those that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis (at least annually). We adopted the remainder of SFAS
No. 157 beginning May 1, 2008 and do not expect its adoption to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. The aspects that have been deferred by FSP FAS 157-2 will be effective for us beginning May 1, 2009 and
we are currently assessing the potential impact of its adoption on our Consolidated Financial Statements. In February 2007, the FASB
issued SFAS No. 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities SFAS 159 which permits entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value that are
not currently required to be measured at fair value. SFAS 159 is effective for us beginning May 1, 2008. The adoption of SFAS 159 is not expected to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141 (revised 2007), Business Combinations SFAS 141R ). SFAS 141R establishes
principles and requirements for how an acquirer in a business combination recognizes and measures in its financial statements the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, any noncontrolling interests in the acquiree, and the goodwill
acquired. SFAS 141R also establishes disclosure requirements which will enable users to evaluate the nature and financial effects of the business combination. SFAS 141R is effective for us as of May 1, 2009 and will then be applied prospectively to
business combinations that have an acquisition date on or after May 1, 2009. We are currently assessing the potential impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements of adopting SFAS 141R. In March 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 161, Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities an amendment of FASB
Statement No. 133 SFAS 161 ), which modifies and expands the disclosure requirements for derivative instruments and hedging activities. SFAS 161 requires that objectives for using derivative instruments be disclosed in
terms of underlying risk and accounting designation and requires quantitative disclosures about fair value amounts and gains and losses on derivative instruments. It also requires disclosures about credit-related contingent features in
derivative agreements. SFAS 161 is effective for us beginning February 1, 2009. SFAS 161 encourages, but does not require, comparative disclosures for earlier periods at initial adoption. The principal impact of SFAS 161 will be to require
us to expand our disclosure regarding our derivative and hedging activities. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. We have entered into interest rate swap agreements with financial institutions to convert a notional amount of 100.0 million of floating-rate borrowings into fixed-rate debt, with the intention of mitigating the economic impact of changing
interest rates. Under these interest rate swap agreements, the first 50.0 million of which became effective in October 2005 and the remaining 50.0 million in November 2007, we receive a floating interest rate based on the three-month LIBOR (in
arrears) and pay a fixed interest rate averaging from 4.4 to 4.5 . These interest rate swap agreements were determined to be cash flow hedges in accordance with SFAS No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities as amended by SFAS No. 137, No. 138 and No. 149. In connection with extending the maturity date under the
amended and restated credit facility, in October 2006 we entered into interest rate collar agreements to become effective after the initial interest rate swap agreements terminate. The interest rate collar agreements were entered into with financial
institutions to limit the variability of expense/payments on 50.0 million of floating-rate borrowings during the period from July 2010 to October 2011 to a range of 5.5 (the cap) and 4.6 (the floor). These interest rate collar agreements
were determined to be cash flow hedges in accordance with SFAS No. 133, as Amended. We have financial market risk exposure related
primarily to changes in interest rates. As discussed above, we attempt to reduce this risk through the utilization of derivative financial instruments. A hypothetical 1 change in the interest rate on our floating-rate borrowings outstanding as of
April 30, 2008, excluding our 100.0 million of hedged borrowings whereby we fixed the interest rate, at an average ranging from 4.4 to 4.5 , would result in an annual increase or decrease in income before income taxes of 1.3 million. The
estimated increase or decrease is based upon the level of variable rate debt as of April 30, 2008 and assumes no changes in the volume or composition of debt. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 46 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 48 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 49 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 50 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 51 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 52 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service
Inc. Parsippany, NJ We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of April 30, 2008 and 2007, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 30, 2008. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in Item 15a. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. and subsidiaries at April 30, 2008 and 2007, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 30, 2008, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in
all material respects, the information set forth therein. As discussed in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, effective
May 1, 2007, the Company adopted FASB Interpretation No. 48 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes An Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 . We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company s internal
control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2008, based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated
June 30, 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP
 Parsippany, NJ June 30, 2008 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service
Inc. Parsippany, NJ We have audited the
internal control over financial reporting of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of April 30, 2008, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on
our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A
company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the
company s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of
the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2008, based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated
financial statements as of and for the year ended April 30, 2008 of the Company and our report dated June 30, 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and included an explanatory paragraph regarding the
Company s adoption of FASB Interpretation No. 48 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes An Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 on April 30, 2008. /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP Parsippany, NJ June 30, 2008 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 JACKSON HEWITT TAX SERVICE INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Dollars
in thousands, except per share amounts) 

As of April 30, 

2008 

2007 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

4,594 

1,693 

Accounts receivable (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of 694 and 1,279, respectively) 

17,850 

17,519 

Notes receivable, net 

6,033 

5,544 

Prepaid expenses and other 

13,241 

11,421 

Deferred income taxes 

200 

1,933 

Total current assets 

41,918 

38,110 

Property and equipment, net 

32,099 

35,194 

Goodwill 

414,887 

393,208 

Other intangible assets, net 

86,458 

84,793 

Notes receivable, net 

6,035 

5,001 

Other non-current assets, net 

18,668 

17,235 

Total assets 

600,065 

573,541 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

34,851 

31,452 

Income taxes payable 

48,531 

58,905 

Deferred revenues 

8,264 

10,038 

Total current liabilities 

91,646 

100,395 

Long-term debt 

231,000 

127,000 

Deferred income taxes 

27,298 

31,206 

Other non-current liabilities 

13,604 

11,450 

Total liabilities 

363,548 

270,051 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 18) 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock, par value 0.01; Authorized 200,000,000 shares; 

Issued: 38,867,231 and 38,069,726 shares, respectively 

389 

381 

Additional paid-in capital 

383,084 

359,469 

Retained earnings 

158,011 

146,962 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

(2,306) 

348 

Less: Treasury stock, at cost: 10,440,491 and 6,953,545 shares, respectively 

(302,661) 

(203,670) 

Total stockholders equity 

236,517 

303,490 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

600,065 

573,541 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 JACKSON HEWITT TAX SERVICE INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Revenues 

Franchise operations revenues: 

Royalty 

76,549 

83,060 

76,234 

Marketing and advertising 

33,994 

37,159 

34,685 

Financial product fees 

71,496 

80,011 

74,458 

Other financial product revenues 

5,518 

Other 

9,934 

12,776 

12,986 

Service revenues from company-owned office operations 

86,532 

80,190 

71,529 

Total revenues 

278,505 

293,196 

275,410 

Expenses 

Cost of franchise operations 

35,383 

33,435 

31,179 

Marketing and advertising 

48,388 

44,247 

40,977 

Cost of company-owned office operations 

65,886 

51,706 

47,084 

Selling, general and administrative 

48,895 

35,792 

39,723 

Depreciation and amortization 

13,233 

12,266 

11,428 

Total expenses 

211,785 

177,446 

170,391 

Income from operations 

66,720 

115,750 

105,019 

Other income/(expense): 

Interest income 

1,835 

1,856 

1,924 

Interest expense 

(14,402) 

(9,972) 

(8,301) 
 
 Write-off of deferred financing costs 

(108) 

(2,677) 
 
 Other 

520 

Income before income taxes 

54,153 

107,526 

96,485 

Provision for income taxes 

21,726 

42,146 

38,524 

Net income 

32,427 

65,380 

57,961 

Earnings per share: 

Basic 

1.09 

1.97 

1.61 

Diluted 

1.09 

1.93 

1.59 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

29,649 

33,262 

36,061 

Diluted 

29,872 

33,812 

36,445 

Cash dividends declared per share: 

0.72 

0.48 

0.32 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 JACKSON HEWITT TAX SERVICE INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (In thousands) 

Common Stock 
 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 

Retained Earnings 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income(Loss) 

Treasury Stock 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 
 Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Balance, April 30, 2005 
 
 37,634 

376 

344,908 

50,953 

396,237 

Issuance of shares of common stock to employees 
 
 210 

2 

3,187 

3,189 

Common stock repurchases 

(2,538) 

(61,327) 

(61,327) 
 
 Vesting of employee stock options 

2,532 

2,532 

Issuance of RSUs 

276 

276 

Tax benefit from exercise of stock options 

2,305 

2,305 

Dividends paid to stockholders 

(11,492) 

(11,492) 
 
 Dividends on RSUs 

9 

(9) 

Change in fair value of derivatives, net of tax of 622 

933 

933 

Adjustment to Special Dividend completion of final tax return 

(2,691) 

(2,691) 
 
 Net income 

57,961 

57,961 

Balance, April 30, 2006 
 
 37,844 

378 

350,526 

97,413 

933 

(2,538) 

(61,327) 

387,923 

Issuance of shares of common stock to employees upon exercise of stock options 
 
 226 

3 

3,522 

3,525 

Common stock repurchases 

(4,416) 

(142,343) 

(142,343) 
 
 Vesting of employee stock options 

3,834 

3,834 

Issuance of RSUs 

288 

288 

Tax benefit from exercise of stock options 

1,281 

1,281 

Dividends paid to stockholders 

(15,813) 

(15,813) 
 
 Dividends on RSUs 

18 

(18) 

Change in fair value of derivatives, net of tax of 390 

(585) 

(585) 
 
 Net income 

65,380 

65,380 

Balance, April 30, 2007 
 
 38,070 

381 

359,469 

146,962 

348 

(6,954) 

(203,670) 

303,490 

Issuance of shares of common stock to employees upon exercise of stock options 
 
 797 

8 

12,011 

12,019 

Common stock repurchases 

(3,486) 

(98,991) 

(98,991) 
 
 Vesting of employee stock options 

7,341 

7,341 

Issuance of RSUs 

345 

345 

Tax benefit from exercise of stock options, net 

3,882 

3,882 

Dividends paid to stockholders 

(21,342) 

(21,342) 
 
 Dividends on RSUs 

36 

(36) 

Change in fair value of derivatives, net of tax of 1,769 

(2,654) 

(2,654) 
 
 Net income 

32,427 

32,427 

Balance, April 30, 2008 
 
 38,867 

389 

383,084 

158,011 

(2,306) 
 
 (10,440) 

(302,661) 

236,517 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 JACKSON HEWITT TAX SERVICE INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Operating Activities: 

Net income 

32,427 

65,380 

57,961 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

13,233 

12,266 

11,428 

Amortization of Gold Guarantee product 

(2,723) 

(2,629) 

(2,296) 
 
 Amortization of development advances 

1,625 

1,312 

1,190 

Write-off of deferred financing costs 

108 

2,677 

Provision for uncollectible receivables, net 

5,395 

2,533 

2,470 

Stock-based compensation 

7,686 

4,122 

2,808 

Deferred income taxes 

(407) 

109 

(3,306) 
 
 Excess tax benefits on stock options exercised 

(3,882) 

(1,281) 

(2,305) 
 
 Other 

208 

166 

(285) 
 
 Changes in assets and liabilities, excluding the impact of acquisitions: 

Accounts receivable 

(5,976) 

(957) 

(7,453) 
 
 Notes receivable 

1,800 

908 

137 

Prepaid expenses and other 

(9,055) 

(9,473) 

(6,506) 
 
 Accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities 

(7,039) 

(13,899) 

17,541 

Income taxes payable 

(6,473) 

11,238 

28,273 

Deferred revenues 

7,130 

9,878 

10,709 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

33,949 

79,781 

113,043 

Investing Activities: 

Capital expenditures 

(6,441) 

(8,949) 

(10,714) 
 
 Funding provided to franchisees 

(9,364) 

(6,489) 

(4,105) 
 
 Repayments by franchisees 

2,426 

2,133 

Cash paid for acquisitions 

(17,669) 

(3,828) 

(1,929) 
 
 Other 

336 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(31,048) 

(17,133) 

(16,412) 

Financing Activities: 

Common stock repurchases 

(98,991) 

(142,343) 

(61,327) 
 
 Repayment of Notes 

(175,000) 
 
 Borrowings under revolving credit facilities 

478,000 

381,000 

210,000 

Repayment of borrowings under revolving credit facilities 

(374,000) 

(304,000) 

(160,000) 
 
 Dividends paid to stockholders 

(21,342) 

(15,813) 

(11,492) 
 
 Debt issuance costs 

(110) 

(561) 

(681) 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

12,019 

3,525 

2,873 

Excess tax benefits on stock options exercised 

3,882 

1,281 

2,305 

Change in cash overdrafts 

542 

806 

(1,304) 
 
 Payments on capital leases 

(119) 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(76,105) 

(194,745) 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

2,901 

(13,457) 

(98,114) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of fiscal year 

1,693 

15,150 

113,264 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of fiscal year 

4,594 

1,693 

15,150 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for: 

Income taxes 

28,625 

29,824 

13,509 

Interest 

13,698 

9,711 

8,532 

Supplemental disclosure for non-cash investing and financing transactions: 

Accrued purchase price obligations 

10,853 

1,805 

1,243 

Adjustment to Special Dividend completion of final tax return 

2,691 

Common stock grant 

316 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 JACKSON HEWITT TAX SERVICE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. BACKGROUND AND BASIS
OF PRESENTATION Description of Business Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. provides computerized preparation of federal, state and local
individual income tax returns in the United States through a nationwide network of franchised and company-owned offices operating under the brand name Jackson Hewitt Tax Service . The
Company provides its customers with convenient, fast and quality tax return preparation services and electronic filing. In connection with their tax return preparation experience, the Company s customers may select various financial products to
suit their needs, including refund anticipation loans RALs ). Jackson Hewitt and the Company are used interchangeably in these notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements to refer to Jackson Hewitt Tax Service
Inc. and its subsidiaries, appropriate to the context. Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in February 2004 as
the parent corporation in connection with the Company s June 2004 initial public offering IPO pursuant to which Cendant Corporation, now known as Avis Budget Group, Inc. Cendant ), divested 100 of its ownership
interest in Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. Jackson Hewitt Inc. JHI is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. Jackson Hewitt Technology Services LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of JHI that supports the
technology needs of the Company. Company-owned office operations are conducted by Tax Services of America, Inc. TSA ), which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of JHI. The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts and
transactions of Jackson Hewitt and its subsidiaries. Basis of Presentation The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared by the Company in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). In presenting the
Consolidated Financial Statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and related disclosures. Estimates, by their nature, are based on judgment and available information. Accordingly, actual results could
differ from those estimates. In the opinion of management, the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements contain all normal and recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s financial position, results of
operations and cash flows. Comprehensive Income The Company s comprehensive income is comprised of net income from the Company s results of operations and changes in the fair value of derivatives. The components of comprehensive income, net of tax, are as
follows: 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

(in thousands) 
 
 Net income 

32,427 

65,380 

57,961 
 
 Changes in fair value of derivatives (Note 12) 

(2,654) 

(585) 

933 

Total comprehensive income 

29,773 

64,795 

58,894 

Computation of earnings per share Basic earnings per share is calculated as net income divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings
per share is calculated by dividing net income by an adjusted 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year assuming conversion of potentially dilutive securities arising from stock options
outstanding and from shares of unvested restricted stock. For fiscal 2008, there were approximately 12,000 potentially dilutive securities arising from shares of unvested restricted stock and approximately 211,000 from stock options outstanding. The
effect of dilutive securities is computed using the treasury stock method and average market prices during the year. At April 30,
2008 and April 30, 2007 there were 1,134,320 and 40,225 outstanding stock options that had exercise prices higher than the average market price in fiscal 2008 and fiscal 2007, respectively and were thus excluded from the computation of diluted
loss per share. No securities were considered antidilutive in fiscal 2006. 2. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements In September 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards SFAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements SFAS 157 ). SFAS 157 defines
fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. In February 2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position (FSP) FAS 157-2, Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157 FSP FAS 157-2 ). FSP FAS 157-2 defers the implementation of SFAS No. 157 for all non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities, except those that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a
recurring basis (at least annually). The Company adopted the remainder of SFAS No. 157 beginning May 1, 2008 and does not expect its adoption to have a material impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements. The aspects that have been
deferred by FSP FAS 157-2 will be effective for the Company beginning May 1, 2009 and the Company is currently assessing the potential impact of its adoption on its Consolidated Financial Statements. In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities SFAS
159 which permits entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value that are not currently required to be measured at fair value. SFAS 159 was effective for the Company beginning May 1, 2008.
The adoption of SFAS 159 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. In December
2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141 (revised 2007), Business Combinations SFAS 141R ). SFAS 141R establishes principles and requirements for how an acquirer in a business combination recognizes and measures in its
financial statements the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, any noncontrolling interests in the acquiree, and the goodwill acquired. SFAS 141R also establishes disclosure requirements which will enable users to evaluate the
nature and financial effects of the business combination. SFAS 141R is effective for the Company as of May 1, 2009 and will then be applied prospectively to business combinations that have an acquisition date on or after May 1, 2009. The
Company is currently assessing the potential impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements of adopting SFAS 141R. In March 2008, the
FASB issued SFAS No. 161, Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities an amendment of FASB Statement No. 133 SFAS 161 ), which modifies and expands the disclosure requirements for derivative
instruments and hedging activities. SFAS 161 requires that objectives for using derivative instruments be disclosed in terms of underlying risk and accounting designation and requires quantitative disclosures about fair value amounts and gains
and losses on derivative instruments. It also requires disclosures about credit-related contingent features in derivative agreements. SFAS 161 is effective for the Company beginning February 1, 2009. SFAS 161 encourages, but does not
require, comparative disclosures for earlier periods at initial adoption. The principal impact of SFAS 161 will be to require the Company to expand its disclosure regarding the Company s derivative and hedging activities. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Derivatives and Hedging Activities The Company accounts for derivatives and hedging activities in accordance with SFAS No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Investments and
Hedging Activities, as amended SFAS 133 ), which requires that all derivative instruments be recorded on the balance sheet at their respective fair values, with changes in the fair value recognized either in earnings or as a
component of other comprehensive income dependent upon the nature of the derivative. The Company has entered into interest rate swap and
collar agreements. These agreements are designated as cash flow hedges for the purpose of mitigating the Company s exposure to floating interest rates on certain portions of the Company s debt. The use of derivatives is restricted to those
intended for hedging purposes; the use of any derivative instrument for trading purposes is strictly prohibited. The Company s hedge agreements have been recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at their fair values. The effective portion of
changes in fair value of derivatives that are designated and effective as cash flow hedges are recorded in stockholders equity as accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Any hedge ineffectiveness is recorded immediately in earnings. See
 Note 12 Interest Rate Hedges for a more detailed discussion of the Company s derivative transactions. Consolidation Policy
 The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts and transactions of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. and its
subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. In certain situations, the Company provides financial
support in the form of loans evidenced by promissory notes or Development Advance Notes DANs to convert independent tax practices to the Jackson Hewitt brand as either a new franchisee or through the acquisition of the independent tax
practice by an existing franchisee Conversion ). The Company believes that such financing results in the franchisee qualifying as a variable interest entity under the provisions of FASB Interpretation FIN No. 46
(Revised December 2003), a complete replacement of FIN No. 46, Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities. Based on its analyses, the Company has concluded that it is not the primary beneficiary under these franchise agreements and
therefore does not consolidate the operations of such franchisees. As of April 30, 2008, the Company s maximum exposure to
losses associated with such loans and development advance notes was 22.2 million, which represents the sum of the Company s notes receivable, net and development advances, net included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Goodwill, Other Intangible and Long-Lived Assets Goodwill is the excess of the purchase price over the fair values assigned to the net assets acquired in business combinations. Goodwill is not amortized, but instead is subject to periodic testing for impairment. The Company
assesses goodwill for impairment by comparing the carrying values of its reporting units, which are the same as its reportable segments, to their estimated fair values. Goodwill of a reporting unit is tested for impairment on an annual basis or
between annual tests if events occur or circumstances change indicating that the fair value of a reporting unit may be below its carrying amount. Goodwill impairment is determined using a two-step approach in accordance with SFAS No. 142,
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, using a discounted cash flow approach based on forecasted results for each reporting unit as well as an appropriate discount rate. The Company determined that its trademark is an indefinite-lived intangible asset, which is similarly tested for impairment and, if impaired, written
down to fair value. Other intangible and long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company tests for impairment based on a comparison of the asset s undiscounted cash flows to its carrying value and, if impaired, written down to fair value based on either discounted cash flows or
appraised values. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid unrestricted investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. As of April 30, 2008 and April 30, 2007, 1.3 million and
 0.8 million, respectively, of book overdrafts representing outstanding checks in excess of funds on deposit are included in accounts payable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Property and Equipment Property and equipment
(including leasehold improvements) are initially recorded at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed utilizing the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Amortization of
leasehold improvements is computed utilizing the straight-line method over the estimated benefit period of the related assets or the lease term, if shorter. Useful lives generally range from five to seven years for furniture, fixtures and
equipment and up to 15 years for leasehold improvements. Major improvements are capitalized and minor replacements, maintenance and
repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Upon retirement or disposal of assets, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheet and any gain or loss is reflected in the Consolidated Statement of
Operations. Certain costs of software developed or obtained for internal use are capitalized beginning in the developmental phase of a
project and amortized on a straight-line basis, from three to ten years, when such software is substantially ready for use. These costs include payments made to third parties and the compensation of employees developing such software. Costs for
general and administrative, overhead, maintenance and training, as well as the cost of software that does not add functionality to the existing software, are expensed as incurred. Unamortized costs were 20.7 million and 25.8 million as of
April 30, 2008 and April 30, 2007, respectively. Revenue Recognition Revenues that the Company earns are comprised of the following components: Royalty Revenues: The Company earns royalty revenues from its franchisees. The Company s current franchise agreements require franchisees to pay the Company royalty fees equal to 15 of their revenues (the
royalty is 12 for most territories sold before mid-year 2000). Royalty revenues are recognized upon the completion of paid tax returns by the Company s franchisees. Marketing and Advertising Revenues: The Company earns marketing and advertising revenues from its franchisees. The Company s franchisee agreement requires franchisees to pay marketing and advertising fees
generally equal to 6 of their revenues. Marketing and advertising revenues are recognized upon the completion of paid tax returns by the Company s franchisees. Marketing and advertising fees are used exclusively by the Company for expenses associated with providing marketing and advertising services. The Company is constructively obligated to expend the marketing and
advertising fees it collects from franchisees in accordance with the franchise agreements; as such, no income or loss to the Company is generated. The Company has determined that it is a principal in this transaction and, accordingly, records these
revenues and expenses on a gross basis. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Product Fees: Tax Season 2008 In
September and October 2007, the Company entered into the following agreements: 

Program Agreement (the Republic Program Agreement ), dated September 19, 2007, with Republic Bank Trust Company Republic 

Technology Services Agreement (the Republic Technology Agreement ), dated September 19, 2007, with Republic; 

Amended and Restated Program Agreement (the Amended and Restated SBB T Program Agreement ), dated September 21, 2007, with Santa Barbara
Bank Trust SBB T 

Amended and Restated Technology Services Agreement (the Amended and Restated SBB T Technology Agreement ), dated September 21, 2007, with
SBB 

Amended and Restated Program Agreement (the Amended and Restated HSBC Program Agreement ), dated October 8, 2007, with HSBC Taxpayer Financial
Services Inc. HSBC and 

Amended and Restated Technology Services Agreement (the Amended and Restated HSBC Technology Agreement ), dated October 8, 2007, with HSBC.
 The Republic Program Agreement, the Amended and Restated SBB T Program Agreement and the Amended and
Restated HSBC Program Agreement are collectively referred to as the Program Agreements. The Republic Technology Agreement, the Amended and Restated SBB T Technology Agreement and the Amended and Restated HSBC Technology Agreement are
collectively referred to as the Technology Agreements. Under the Program Agreements, Republic, SBB T and
HSBC offer, process and administer certain financial products, including refund anticipation loans, through Jackson Hewitt Tax Service locations. In connection with the Program Agreements, each financial product provider pays the Company a fixed
annual fee. Pursuant to the Technology Agreements, the Company provides certain technology support in connection with these
programs. Under the Technology Agreements, the Company receives a fixed annual fee as well as variable payments upon the attainment of certain contractual growth thresholds. During tax season 2008, Republic, SBB T and HSBC collectively provided financial products to the entire network of Jackson Hewitt Tax
Service offices. During tax seasons 2009 and 2010, we expect that Republic and SBB T will collectively provide financial products to the entire network of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service offices. SBB T provided a majority of the financial
products in the 2008 tax season and we expect that SBB T will provide the majority of the financial products in each of the tax seasons 2009 and 2010. Tax Seasons 2007 and 2006 In tax seasons 2007 and 2006, under the financial product agreements with
HSBC and SBB T that were executed in 2006, the Company earned a fixed annual fee as well as a variable payment tied to growth in the programs. The Company recognizes the fixed annual fees under such agreements on a percentage of completion method over the tax season and the variable payment primarily during the fourth fiscal quarter. Additional financial products offered by the Company include the ipower Card (a prepaid Visa card) and Gold Guarantee product. Revenues
from the Gold Guarantee product are earned ratably over the product s life, which approximates 36 months. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Other Financial Product Revenues: Beginning in January 2006, the Company no longer earned other
financial product revenues related to RALs provided to customers. Prior to January 2006, other financial product revenues represented a portion of the net finance fees paid by customers to SBB T and HSBC from the facilitation of RALs that
exceeded uncollected loans provided by SBB T and HSBC. Additionally, we earned revenues with respect to RALs provided by SBB T and HSBC in prior years. Other Revenues: Other revenues include ancillary fees the Company earns from franchisees, including a 2.00 fee per tax return paid by franchisees for the processing of each electronically-transmitted tax
return. The Company recognizes revenues from processing fees at the time the tax returns are filed. Other revenues also include revenues that the Company earns from the sale or transfer of our franchise territories. These initial franchise fees are
recognized when all material services or conditions relating to the sale have been performed, generally upon completion of a mandatory initial training program for new franchisees. Service Revenues: Service revenues include only revenues earned at company-owned offices and primarily consist of fees that the Company earns
directly from customers for the preparation of tax returns. Service revenues are recognized upon the completion of tax returns by the company-owned offices. Advertising Expenses Advertising costs are expensed in the period incurred. Advertising expenses, which are included
as a component of marketing and advertising expenses, were 41.0 million, 40.7 million and 36.1 million in fiscal 2008, fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2006, respectively. In addition, the Company had no accrued liability as of April 30, 2008 and
 0.3 million as of April 30, 2007 related to its constructive obligation for marketing and advertising fees collected in excess of costs incurred. Accounting for Leases Total rent payments in an operating lease are recognized straight-line over the lease term,
including any rent holiday period. Reimbursements for leasehold improvements are accounted for as a deferred rental liability and recognized as a reduction to rent expense over the term of the lease. Contingent payments based upon sales and future
increases determined by inflation related indices cannot be estimated at the inception of the lease and accordingly, are charged to operations as incurred. 3. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

As of April 30, 

2008 

2007 

(In thousands) 

Computer software 

56,132 

53,899 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

22,419 

17,534 

Leasehold improvements 

7,451 

6,834 

Software under development 

333 

151 

86,335 

78,418 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

(54,236) 

(43,224) 

Property and equipment, net 

32,099 

35,194 

Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment was 11.0 million,
 9.6 million and 8.9 million in fiscal 2008, fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2006, respectively (including 7.4 million, 6.5 million and 5.6 million, respectively, related to computer software). 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 4. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by segment were as follows: 

Franchise Operations 
 
 Company-Owned Office Operations 

Total 

(In thousands) 

Balance as of April 30, 2006 

336,767 

55,933 

392,700 

Additions (Note 10) 

2,967 

2,967 

Purchase accounting adjustments (Note 15) 

(2,459) 

(2,459) 

Balance as of April 30, 2007 

336,767 

56,441 

393,208 

Additions (Note 10) 

21,804 

21,804 

Purchase accounting adjustments 

(125) 

(125) 

Balance as of April 30, 2008 

336,767 

78,120 

414,887 

Other intangible assets consisted of: 

As of April 30, 2008 
 
 As of April 30, 2007 

Gross Carrying Amount 
 
 Accumulated Amortization 

Net Carrying Amount 
 
 Gross Carrying Amount 
 
 Accumulated Amortization 

Net Carrying Amount 

(In thousands) 
 
 Amortizable other intangible assets: 

Franchise agreements(a) 

16,052 

(15,500) 

552 

16,052 

(14,394) 

1,658 
 
 Customer relationships(b) 

10,784 

(7,903) 

2,881 

8,913 

(6,778) 

2,135 

Total amortizable other intangible assets 

26,836 

(23,403) 

3,433 

24,965 

(21,172) 

3,793 

Unamortizable other intangible assets: 

Jackson Hewitt trademark 

81,000 

81,000 
 
 Reacquired franchise rights (Note 10) 

2,025 

Total unamortizable other intangible assets 

83,025 

81,000 

Total other intangible assets, net 

86,458 

84,793 

(a) 
 Amortized using the straight-line method over a period of ten years. 

(b) 
 Consists of customer lists and non-compete agreements. Customer lists are amortized using the double declining method over a period of five years and non-compete agreements are
amortized using the straight-line method over a period of two to six years. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 The changes in the carrying amount of other intangible assets, net, by segment were as follows:

Franchise Operations 

Company-Owned Office Operations 

Total 

(In thousands) 

Balance as of April 30, 2006 

84,263 

1,822 

86,085 

Additions (Note 10) 

1,378 

1,378 

Amortization 

(1,605) 

(1,065) 

(2,670) 

Balance as of April 30, 2007 

82,658 

2,135 

84,793 

Additions (Note 10) 

2,025 

1,846 

3,871 

Amortization 

(1,106) 

(1,100) 

(2,206) 

Balance as of April 30, 2008 

83,577 

2,881 

86,458 

Amortization expense relating to other intangible assets was as follows: 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 

(In thousands) 
 
 Franchise agreements 

1,106 

1,605 

1,605 
 
 Customer relationships 

1,100 

1,065 

930 

Total 

2,206 

2,670 

2,535 

The Company generally uses the double-declining balance method for amortizing intangible
assets-customer relationships, which results in lower amortization as intangible assets enter the later years of their amortizable lives. Estimated amortization expense related to other intangible assets for each of the fiscal years ended April 30 is as follows: 

Amount 

(In thousands) 
 
 2009 

1,178 
 
 2010 

881 
 
 2011 

676 
 
 2012 

446 
 
 2013 

226 
 
 2014 and thereafter 

26 

Total 

3,433 

59 

Table of Contents 

 5. FRANCHISE AND COMPANY-OWNED OFFICES IN OPERATION 

Offices: 
 
 2008 

2007 

2006 

Franchise 

Beginning balance 
 
 5,778 

5,379 

4,871 

Additions 
 
 426 

629 

816 

Disposals 
 
 (272) 
 
 (230) 
 
 (336) 
 
 (Sales to) purchases from company-owned, net(1) 
 
 (169) 

28 

Ending balance 
 
 5,763 

5,778 

5,379 

Company-owned 

Beginning balance 
 
 723 

643 

613 

Additions 
 
 124 

104 

105 

Disposals 
 
 (16) 
 
 (24) 
 
 (47) 
 
 Purchases from (sales to) franchise operations, net(1) 
 
 169 

(28) 

Ending balance 
 
 1,000 

723 

643 

Consolidated 

Beginning balance 
 
 6,501 

6,022 

5,484 

Additions 
 
 550 

733 

921 

Disposals 
 
 (288) 
 
 (254) 
 
 (383) 

Ending balance 
 
 6,763 

6,501 

6,022 

(1) 
 Includes 141 offices in connection with October 4, 2007 Acquisitions. See Note 10 Acquisitions. Initial franchise fees totaled 2.8 million, 4.5 million and 4.4 million (excluding such fees for territory sales in fiscal 2006 to existing
franchisees of selected company-owned office operations in Texas and Massachusetts) in fiscal 2008, fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2006, respectively, and are included in other revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 6. PREPAID EXPENSES AND OTHER 

As of April 30, 

2008 
 
 2007 

(In thousands) 
 
 Prepaid Gold Guarantee 

6,864 

7,465 
 
 Other prepaid expenses 

4,713 

3,529 
 
 Investments, at fair value 

1,078 

427 
 
 Other receivables 

586 

Total prepaid expenses and other 

13,241 

11,421 

60 

Table of Contents 

 7. NOTES RECEIVABLE The Company periodically finances a portion of the initial franchise fee associated with new territory sales under promissory notes receivable from franchisees up to 20,000. These notes accrue interest annually,
ranging from 7 to 12 , and are typically due in four annual installments, including accrued interest, at February 28th of each year. These notes are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at cost, and are reviewed periodically for
collectability based on the underlying franchisee s payment history, financial status and revenue base. The associated provision for uncollectible amounts is included within cost of franchise operations in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations. In addition, the Company provided financing to franchisees for 128, 101 and 102 storefront locations in fiscal 2008, fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2006, respectively, in loan amounts of up to 25,000. These notes accrue interest annually,
ranging from 7 to 9 , and have maturity dates ranging from 2008 to 2012. 

As of April 30, 

2008 

2007 

(In thousands) 

Notes receivable 

13,065 

11,657 

Less allowance for uncollectible amounts 

(997) 

(1,112) 

Notes receivable, net 

12,068 

10,545 

Less current portion, net 

(6,033) 

(5,544) 

Notes receivable, net non-current 

6,035 

5,001 

8. DEVELOPMENT ADVANCES In certain situations, the Company provides financial support evidenced by DANs for Conversions. Assuming the Conversion meets certain performance standards, the DANs are forgiven ratably over a 10 year period
consistent with a new 10 year term applying to the franchise agreement (executed in connection with issuance of the DANs). If performance standards as prescribed by the DANs are not met, then the DANs become due and payable by the franchisee. The
performance standards consist of the Conversion achieving, during each of the 10 years of the franchisee agreement, (a) gross volume of at least 90 of the revenues earned and at least 90 number of tax returns prepared during the tax season
immediately preceding the year of Conversion Base Year ), or (b) 100 of the revenues for the Base Year. The Company evaluates the respective franchisee s performance standards and on a quarterly basis conducts an analysis of
each franchisee s financial performance and outstanding receivables to determine recoverability with respect to DANs. If it is determined that a portion of the DANs are uncollectible, an adjustment is made to an allowance account. 
 The DANs are reflected in other non-current assets on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets and the Company amortizes the DANs ratably over
the 10 year period in which the DANs are forgiven. Amortization of DANs and provision for uncollectible amounts in connection with DANs are included in cost of franchise operations in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

As of April 30, 

2008 

2007 

(In thousands) 

Unamortized development advances 

10,618 

8,513 

Less allowance 

(503) 

(638) 

Development advances, net 

10,115 

7,875 

61 

Table of Contents 

 9. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES 

As of April 30, 

2008 
 
 2007 

(In thousands) 
 
 Accounts payable 

3,439 

1,582 
 
 Accrued payroll and related withholdings 

7,482 

10,524 
 
 Accrued purchase price obligations (Note 10) 

10,853 

1,805 
 
 Accrued interest 

940 

414 
 
 Accrued franchisee incentives 

4,051 

6,351 
 
 Outstanding checks in excess of funds on deposit 

1,348 

806 
 
 Other 

6,738 

9,970 

Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

34,851 

31,452 

10. ACQUISITIONS Assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations were recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of the respective acquisition dates based upon their estimated fair values at such dates. The excess
of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the underlying assets acquired and liabilities assumed was allocated to goodwill. The results of operations of businesses acquired by the Company have been included in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations since their respective dates of acquisition. On October 4, 2007, the Company acquired substantially all of
the assets of the tax return preparation businesses in the Atlanta, Chicago, and Detroit markets (collectively, the October 4, 2007 Acquisitions from a former franchisee and began operating those stores as company-owned locations
beginning in the 2008 tax season. Total consideration under the terms of the purchase agreements is 19.1 million in cash, with fifty percent paid at closing and the remainder due of 9.55 million is included in accounts payable and accrued
liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 30, 2008. The total consideration includes a 0.4 million charge related to the termination of franchise agreements with 12 royalty rates and 18.7 million for the aggregate purchase
price, which has been allocated (i) 1.3 million to property and equipment, (ii) 1.5 million to reacquired rights under franchise agreements, and (iii) 15.9 million to goodwill. The settlement loss from unfavorable franchise rights,
included in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations in fiscal 2008, was recognized in accordance with Emerging Issues Task Force Issue 04-01, Accounting for Preexisting Relationships between the Parties to a Business
Combination EITF 04-01 )that requires any preexisting business relationship between parties to a business combination be evaluated and accounted for separately. Under EITF 04-01, the franchise agreements acquired in the
October 4, 2007 Acquisitions with royalty rates below the current 15 royalty rate that the Company receives on new franchise agreements were required to be valued and recognized as an expense and excluded from the purchase price paid for the
October 4, 2007 Acquisitions. The amount charged to expense represents the estimated amount by which the 12 royalty rate is lower than the 15 royalty rate over the remaining life of the respective franchise agreements. The reacquired
franchise rights represent the exclusive right to operate the tax return preparation businesses under the Jackson Hewitt brand that the Company had granted to the former franchisee. The life of these reacquired rights was determined to be
commensurate with the life of the Company s existing trade name. The amount allocated to the reacquired rights represents the current fair market value and has been recorded as an indefinite-lived intangible asset on the Consolidated Balance
Sheet as of April 30, 2008. In addition to the above acquisitions, in fiscal 2008, the Company acquired 12 other tax return
preparation businesses for a total purchase price of 8.5 million, of which 6.3 million was paid at the closings. The total purchase prices have been allocated (i) 0.3 million to property and equipment, (ii) 2.4 million to intangible
assets (including 0.6 million in reacquired franchise rights) and (iii) 5.8 million to goodwill. As of April 30, 2008, accrued purchase price obligations include 0.4 million related to a contractual requirement that the acquired entities
achieve specified revenue levels during the 2008 tax season. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 In fiscal 2007, the Company acquired five tax return preparation businesses for a total purchase price of
 4.3 million, of which 2.5 million was paid at closings and 1.8 million was included as a current liability at April 30, 2007. In
fiscal 2006, the Company acquired five tax return preparation businesses for a total purchase price of 2.7 million, of which 1.5 million was paid at closings and 1.2 million was included as a current liability at April 30, 2006.
 All goodwill associated with acquisitions in fiscal 2008, fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2006 was allocated to the company-owned office operations
segment and is deductible for tax purposes. 11. LONG-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES 450 Million Credit Facility On May 21, 2008, the Company amended its five-year
unsecured credit facility (the Amended and Restated 450 Million Credit Facility to provide for additional flexibility in connection with the allowable maximum consolidated leverage ratio under the credit facility covenants. Borrowings
under the 450 Million Credit Facility are to be used to finance working capital needs, general corporate purposes, potential acquisitions and repurchases of the Company s common stock. The maximum consolidated leverage ratio was amended from 3.0:1.0 to (i) 3.5:1.0 for the fiscal quarters ending July 31, 2008 through
January 31, 2009; (ii) 3.15:1.0 for the fiscal quarters ending April 30, 2009 through October 31, 2009; and (iii) 3.0:1.0 for the fiscal quarters ending January 31, 2010 through July 31, 2011. Additionally, the
credit facility was amended to include limitations with regard to share repurchases and acquisitions. The Company is restricted from repurchasing shares until it achieves a consolidated leverage ratio of 2.5:1.0 or lower for two consecutive fiscal
quarters. Thereafter, achievement of a consolidated leverage ratio of 3.0:1.0 or below is required for continued share repurchases. The Company is also limited to annual acquisitions of 15.0 million when the consolidated leverage ratio is greater
than 3.0:1.0. As of April 30, 2008, the Company s consolidated leverage ratio was 2.8:2.0. Furthermore, Eurodollar borrowings will bear interest at LIBOR plus a credit spread ranging from 0.50 to 2.00 per annum; Base Rate borrowings
will bear interest at the Prime Rate plus a credit spread up to 1.00 ; and the annual fee now ranges from 0.10 to 0.40 of the unused portion of the credit facility. As of April 30, 2008, the Amended and Restated 450 Million Credit Facility provided for loans in the form of Eurodollar or Base Rate borrowings. Eurodollar borrowings bore interest at the London Inter-Bank Offer
Rate LIBOR ), as defined in the Amended and Restated 450 Million Credit Facility, plus a credit spread as defined in the Amended and Restated 450 Million Credit Facility, ranging from 0.50 to 0.75 per annum. Base Rate
borrowings, as defined in the Amended and Restated 450 Million Credit Facility, bore interest primarily at the Prime Rate, as defined in the Amended and Restated 450 Million Credit Facility. The Amended and Restated 450 Million Credit Facility
carried an annual fee ranging from 0.10 to 0.15 of the unused portion of the Amended and Restated 450 Million Credit Facility. As of
April 30, 2008, the Company had 231.0 million in borrowings outstanding and a 0.5 million irrevocable letter of credit under the Amended and Restated 450 Million Credit Facility. The requirement to maintain this irrevocable letter of credit
subsequently terminated in May 2008 as provided under the Company s lease agreement for its corporate headquarters in Parsippany, New Jersey. As of April 30, 2008, the Amended and Restated 450 Million Credit Facility contained the requirement that the Company meet certain financial covenants, such as a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of 3.0:1.0 and a minimum
consolidated interest coverage ratio of 4.0:1.0. The consolidated leverage ratio is the ratio of consolidated debt to consolidated Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization EBITDA ), 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

each as defined in the Amended and Restated 450 Million Credit Facility. Effective October 31, 2007, consolidated debt is measured on a trailing
four-quarter basis as opposed to using the most recent quarter-end debt figure in the calculation, which provides the Company with additional borrowing capacity at the Company s seasonal borrowing peak. The consolidated interest coverage ratio
is the ratio of consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest expense, each as defined in the Amended and Restated 450 Million Credit Facility. As of April 30, 2008, the Amended and Restated 450 Million Credit Facility contained various customary restrictive covenants that limited the Company s ability to, among other things; (i) incur additional indebtedness or
guarantees; (ii) create liens or other encumbrances on the Company s property; (iii) enter into a merger or similar transaction; (iv) sell or transfer property except in the ordinary course of business; and (v) make dividend
and other restricted payments. As of April 30, 2008, the Company was not aware of any instances of non-compliance with such financial or restrictive covenants. Floating Rate Senior Unsecured Notes On June 27, 2005, the Company repaid in full
 175.0 million of five-year floating-rate senior unsecured notes (the 175 Million Notes ). To repay the 175 Million Notes, the Company used cash provided by operations from the prior tax season of 76.0 million and borrowed
 99.0 million under the 100.0 million five-year revolving credit facility (the 100 Million Credit Facility discussed below. The Company had issued the 175 Million Notes through a private placement on June 25, 2004 in connection with the Company s IPO in June 2004. The purpose of this issuance was to fund the cash portion of the Special Dividend paid
to Cendant upon Cendant s divestiture of its entire ownership in the Company. The 175 Million Notes accrued interest based on the three-month LIBOR plus 1.5 . In connection with the issuance of the 175 Million Notes, the Company incurred 1.7 million of financing fees which were deferred and were being amortized to interest expense over the term of the 175 Million
Notes. The Company incurred a non-cash charge of 1.4 million in fiscal 2006 related to the write-off of deferred financing costs associated with the repayment in June 2005 of the 175 Million Notes. 100 Million Credit Facility On June 29,
2005, the Company repaid and then immediately terminated the 100 Million Credit Facility, which the Company had established on June 25, 2004. In connection with entering into the 100 Million Credit Facility, the Company incurred 1.6 million of financing fees, which were deferred and were being amortized to interest expense over the five-year term of the 100 Million Credit
Facility. The Company incurred a non-cash charge of 1.3 million in fiscal 2006 related to the write-off of deferred financing costs associated with the termination of the 100 Million Credit Facility. On June 27, 2005, the Company borrowed 99.0 million from the 100 Million Credit Facility and two days later repaid this amount in full.
 Average Cost of Debt The
Company s average cost of debt was 5.6 , 6.2 and 5.5 in fiscal 2008, fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2006, respectively. 12. INTEREST RATE HEDGES 
 The Company has entered into interest rate swap agreements with financial institutions to convert a notional amount of 100.0 million of
floating-rate borrowings into fixed-rate debt, with the intention of mitigating the 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

economic impact of changing interest rates. Under these interest rate swap agreements, the first 50 million of which became effective in October 2005 and
the remaining 50 million in November 2007, the Company receives a floating interest rate based on the three-month LIBOR (in arrears) and pays a fixed interest rate averaging from 4.4 to 4.5 . These interest rate swap agreements were designated as
cash flow hedges in accordance with SFAS No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities as amended by SFAS No. 137, No. 138 and No. 149. As of April 30, 2008 and April 30, 2007, the
aggregate fair value of these interest rate swap agreements was a liability of 3.4 million and an asset of 0.6 million, respectively, and classified as non-current on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In connection with extending the maturity date under the amended and restated credit facility, in October 2006 the Company entered into interest rate
collar agreements to become effective after the initial interest rate swap agreements terminate. The interest rate collar agreements were entered into with financial institutions to limit the variability of expense/payments on 50.0 million of
floating-rate borrowings during the period from July 2010 to October 2011 to a range of 5.5 (the cap) and 4.6 (the floor). These interest rate collar agreements were designated as cash flow hedges in accordance with SFAS No. 133. As of
April 30, 2008 and April 30, 2007, the aggregate fair value of these interest rate collar agreements were liabilities of 0.5 million and 0.1 million, respectively, and classified as non-current on the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. Since inception, no amounts have been recognized in the results of operations due to ineffectiveness of the interest rate hedges.
 13. CAPITAL STOCK Stock Options
 On September 20, 2006, the Company s stockholders approved and adopted an amendment and restatement of the Jackson Hewitt
Tax Service Inc. 2004 Equity and Incentive Plan (the Amended and Restated Plan that, among other things, increased the number of shares of common stock available for grant thereunder from 4.0 million to 6.5 million. The Amended and
Restated Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, shares of restricted stock, restricted stock units RSUs and/or other stock-or cash-based awards representing the
Company s common stock to non-employee directors, officers, employees, advisors and consultants who are selected by the Company s Compensation Committee for participation in the plan. As of April 30, 2008, 2.4 million shares remain
available for grant. Under the Amended and Restated Plan, stock options are granted, with the exception of certain stock options granted
at the time of the Company s IPO, with an exercise price equal to the New York Stock Exchange NYSE closing price of a share of common stock on the date of grant and have a contractual term of ten years. All stock options granted
through April 30, 2007 become exercisable with respect to 25 of the shares on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of grant, subject to continued employment on the vesting date. Stock options granted in fiscal 2008 become
exercisable with respect to 20 of the shares on each of the first five anniversaries of the date of grant, subject to continued employment on the vesting date. The Amended and Restated Plan provides for accelerated vesting of outstanding awards if
there is a change in control. The Amended and Restated Plan includes nondiscretionary antidilution provisions in case of an equity restructuring. The Company incurred employee stock-based compensation expense of 7.3 million, 3.8 million and 2.5 million in fiscal 2008, fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2006, respectively, in connection with the vesting of employee stock options. In fiscal
2008, employee stock-based compensation expense included 2.9 million related to the accelerated vesting of 415,894 stock options attributed to the departure of the Company s former Chief Executive Officer. The weighted average grant date fair value for each Jackson Hewitt stock option granted in fiscal 2008, fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2006 was 9.63, 11.50 and
 6.41, respectively. The fair value of each option award was 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model. The Company uses the method permitted under SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No. 110, which amends SAB No. 107, Share-Based Payment, to determine the expected holding period and will continue to do so until the Company is able to accumulate a sufficient number of years of employee
exercise behavior from the date of the Company s IPO in June 2004 to make a more refined estimate of expected term. Expected volatility was based on the Company s historical publicly-traded stock price. The risk-free interest rate
assumption was determined using the Federal Reserve nominal rates for U.S. Treasury zero-coupon bonds with maturities similar to those of the expected holding period of the award being valued. The following table sets forth the weighted average assumptions used to determine compensation cost for stock options granted during fiscal 2008, fiscal
2007 and fiscal 2006, respectively: 

Fiscal 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Expected holding period (in years) 
 
 6.50 

6.25 

6.25 

Expected volatility 
 
 30.7 

32.0 

28.0 

Dividend yield 
 
 3.1 

1.5 

1.5 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 4.3 

4.9 

3.9 
 
 The following table summarizes information about stock option activity for fiscal 2008:

Number of Stock Options 

Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Balance as of April 30, 2007 
 
 2,777,511 

20.86 
 
 Granted 
 
 920,618 

26.23 
 
 Exercised 
 
 (774,854) 

15.51 
 
 Forfeited. 
 
 (253,171) 

26.01 
 
 Expired. 
 
 (610) 

17.00 

Balance as of April 30, 2008 
 
 2,669,494 

23.78 

Exercisable as of April 30, 2008 
 
 1,352,934 

22.24 

The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised in fiscal 2008, fiscal 2007 and fiscal
2006 was 12.7 million, 4.1 million and 2.1 million, respectively. Outstanding in-the-money stock options as of April 30, 2008 had
an aggregate intrinsic value of 0.4 million. Outstanding stock options as of April 30, 2008 had an average remaining contractual life of 6.0 years. Exercisable in-the-money stock options as of April 30, 2008 had an aggregate intrinsic value of 0.1 million. Outstanding exercisable stock options as of April 30, 2008 had an average remaining contractual
life of 3.5 years. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes information regarding the Company s outstanding and exercisable stock
options issued to the Company s employees as of April 30, 2008: 

Outstanding Stock Options 
 
 Exercisable Stock Options 

Number of Stock Options 
 
 Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) 
 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Number of Stock Options 
 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 0.01 to 6.98 
 
 1,163 
 
 2.7 

6.75 
 
 1,163 

6.75 
 
 6.99 to 10.47 
 
 2,860 
 
 2.3 

9.22 
 
 2,860 

9.22 
 
 10.48 to 13.96 
 
 222,655 
 
 8.9 

13.07 
 
 34,299 

13.60 
 
 13.97 to 17.45 
 
 615,744 
 
 5.2 

16.84 
 
 472,584 

16.80 
 
 17.46 to 20.94 
 
 494,146 
 
 4.9 

20.42 
 
 332,014 

20.42 
 
 20.95 to 24.43 
 
 12,000 
 
 6.6 

22.89 
 
 9,000 

22.89 
 
 24.44 to 27.92 
 
 186,606 
 
 0.7 

24.85 
 
 186,606 

24.85 
 
 27.93 to 31.41 
 
 649,681 
 
 8.2 

29.66 
 
 78,918 

29.51 
 
 31.42 to 34.91 
 
 484,639 
 
 5.8 

32.78 
 
 235,490 

32.69 

2,669,494 
 
 6.0 

23.78 
 
 1,352,934 

22.24 

As of April 30, 2008, there were 2,570,752 outstanding stock options vested or expected to
vest (the awards, net of estimated forfeitures, for which compensation cost is being recognized) which had a weighted average exercise price of 23.72, aggregate intrinsic value of 0.4 million and an average remaining contractual life of 5.9 years.
The aggregate intrinsic value discussed in this paragraph represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value based on the Company s stock price as of April 30, 2008, which would have been received by the option holders had all in-the-money
option holders exercised their options as of that date. The following table summarizes information about unvested stock option activity
for fiscal 2008: 

Number of Stock Options 

Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share 
 
 Unvested as of April 30, 2007 
 
 1,642,519 

8.02 
 
 Granted 
 
 920,618 

7.64 
 
 Vested 
 
 (993,406) 

6.76 
 
 Forfeited 
 
 (253,171) 

8.42 

Unvested as of April 30, 2008 
 
 1,316,560 

8.63 

As of April 30, 2008, there was 7.3 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related
to unvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 3.3 years. The total fair value of stock options vested in fiscal 2008, fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2006 was 6.7 million, 2.8 million and 1.5 million,
respectively. Shares of Restricted Stock In October 2007, the Company granted 22,651 shares of restricted stock to certain key employees. Compensation expense related to the fair value of these awards is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite
service period based on those restricted stock grants that are expected to ultimately vest. The fair value was measured by the NYSE closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. One third of the shares of restricted stock
will vest on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of grant, subject to continued employment on the vesting date. In fiscal 2008, the Company incurred stock-based compensation expense of 0.1 million in connection with the vesting of the
restricted stock. As of April 30, 2008, there was 0.5 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.4 years. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted Stock Units The Company incurred stock-based compensation expense of 0.3 million in each of fiscal 2008, fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2006, respectively, in connection with the issuance of fully vested and non-forfeitable restricted
stock units RSUs to certain non-employee directors that are payable in shares of the Company s common stock as a one-time distribution upon termination of services. In fiscal 2008, the Company granted 17,381 RSUs at an average
grant price of 21.99 resulting in 63,229 RSUs outstanding as of April 30, 2008 with a weighted average grant price of 22.74. Employee Stock
Purchase Plan The Company has authorized a stock purchase plan under which eligible employees have the ability to purchase shares
of the Company s common stock at 95 of market value. No common stock has been offered for purchase under this plan as of April 30, 2008. Share Repurchases In fiscal 2008, the Company repurchased 3,486,946 shares of its common stock totaling 99.0
million under the current 200.0 million multi-year share repurchase program. As of April 30, 2008, the Company had repurchased 5,581,535 shares of its common stock totaling 166.3 million under its 200.0 million multi-year share repurchase
program and had 33.7 million remaining available under this program. In fiscal 2007, the Company repurchased 4,415,348 shares of its
common stock totaling 142.3 million under the 200.0 million multi-year and previous repurchase programs. In fiscal 2006, the Company repurchased 2,538,197 shares of its common stock totaling 61.3 million under previous share repurchase programs.
 Since fiscal 2006, the Company has repurchased 10,440,491 shares of its common stock totaling 302.7 million under the 200.0 million
multi-year and previous repurchase programs. The Company uses the cost method to account for share repurchases, which to date have been
made in the open market. None of the Company s repurchased shares have been retired as of April 30, 2008. 14. INCENTIVE PLANS 
 Defined Contribution Plan The
Company s full-time and part-time benefit eligible employees may participate in a 401(k) defined contribution plan sponsored by the Company. The plan allows employees to contribute a portion of their compensation on a pre-tax basis in
accordance with specified guidelines. The Company matches a percentage of employee contributions up to certain limits. The charge for the Company s matching contribution to the plan was 1.5 million, 1.4 million and 1.3 million in fiscal
2008, fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2006, respectively. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan A select group of management may participate in the Company s Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan which allows participants to defer up to 100 
of their annual performance bonus. The Company matches the participant s contribution ranging up to 8 of the participant s annual performance bonus. The charge for the Company s matching contribution to the plan was 0.04 million,
 0.1 million and 0.4 million in fiscal 2008, fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2006, respectively. Contributions are maintained in a separate irrevocable trust. As of April 30, 2008 and 2007, the Company had recorded a deferred compensation liability of
 1.6 million as of both respective year-ends. The investments held in the trust were 1.6 million as of both April 30, 2008 and 2007, respectively, and are recorded at their fair value, based on quoted market prices. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 15. INCOME TAXES The Company files a consolidated federal income tax return and combined or separate state income tax returns in each state taxing jurisdiction. The provision for income taxes consists of the following: 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2008 

2007 
 
 2006 

(In thousands) 

Current 

Federal 

18,800 

35,672 

34,647 

State 

3,333 

6,365 

7,183 

Total current tax provision 

22,133 

42,037 

41,830 

Deferred 

Federal 

(329) 

88 

(2,226) 
 
 State 

(78) 

21 

(1,080) 

Total deferred tax provision 

(407) 

109 

(3,306) 

Total provision for income taxes 

21,726 

42,146 

38,524 

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities consist of: 

As of April 30, 

2008 

2007 

(In thousands) 

Current deferred income tax assets 

Accrued liabilities and deferred revenues 

3,818 

5,140 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

545 

858 

Total current deferred income tax assets 

4,363 

5,998 

Current deferred income tax liabilities 

Prepaid expenses 

4,163 

4,065 

Total current deferred income tax liabilities 

4,163 

4,065 

Current net deferred income tax asset 

200 

1,933 

Non-current deferred income tax assets 

Accrued liabilities and deferred revenues 

3,900 

4,547 

Stock-based compensation 

5,556 

3,431 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

332 

354 

Derivative instruments 

1,537 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

1,112 

1,112 

Valuation allowance 

(1,112) 

(1,112) 

Total non-current deferred income tax assets 

11,325 

8,332 

Non-current deferred income tax liabilities 

Depreciation and amortization 

35,933 

36,697 

Prepaid expenses 

2,690 

2,609 

Derivative instruments 

232 

Total non-current deferred income tax liabilities 

38,623 

39,538 

Non-current net deferred income tax liability 

27,298 

31,206 

69 

Table of Contents 

 The valuation allowance of 1.1 million as of April 30, 2008 relates to deferred tax assets for
state net operating loss carryforwards that were acquired in connection with the Company s acquisition of TSA in fiscal 2002. The valuation allowance will be adjusted to goodwill when, and if, the Company determines that the deferred income tax
assets are more likely than not to be realized based upon existing state tax laws. In fiscal 2007, the Company recorded a reduction to goodwill of 2.4 million as a purchase accounting adjustment to establish a deferred tax asset related to the
Company s acquisition of TSA. The Company s effective income tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate as follows:

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

Federal statutory rate 
 
 35.0 

35.0 

35.0 

State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefits 
 
 3.9 

3.9 

4.1 

Other 
 
 1.2 

0.3 

0.8 

Company s effective income tax rate 
 
 40.1 

39.2 

39.9 

Upon completion of the Company s IPO, the Company entered into a transitional agreement with
Cendant to provide for an orderly transition to being an independent company and to govern the continuing arrangements between the Company and Cendant. Under the tax sharing and tax indemnification provisions of the transitional agreement,
adjustments to the amount of taxes due in prior periods as a result of temporary differences existing at the date of the Company s IPO are to be recorded as an adjustment to the Special Dividend paid to Cendant immediately prior to the
Company s IPO. In fiscal 2006, the Company recorded an adjustment reducing additional paid-in-capital (APIC) in the amount of 2.7 million related to the revision of deferred tax amounts at the date of the Company s IPO. The Company may
adjust deferred taxes and APIC in future periods as the tax returns for the years prior to the Company s IPO are examined by the taxing authorities. In connection with the Company s IPO, employees of the Company who held Cendant stock options were provided with the option of retaining their Cendant stock options or converting their Cendant stock options to
Company stock options. Those employees who chose to retain their Cendant stock options were allowed up to one year following the Company s IPO to exercise such Cendant stock options. As a result of such exercises, the Company recorded a tax
benefit of 1.6 million in fiscal 2006, which was recorded as an increase to APIC. In July 2006, the FASB issued Interpretation
No. 48 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes-An Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109, FIN 48 ), which clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial
statements. FIN 48 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. FIN 48 also provides guidance on derecognition,
classification, interest and penalties. The Company adopted the provisions of FIN 48 on May 1, 2007. Upon the adoption of FIN 48, the
Company had no cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings and no liability for unrecognized tax benefits. As of and for the year ended April 30, 2008, the Company had no liability for unrecognized tax benefits nor any interest or
penalties recognized related to unrecognized tax benefits. The Company does not expect any significant changes to the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits within twelve months of the current reporting date. In accordance with its policy, the
Company recognizes any interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. The Company is
subject to United States federal income tax, as well as income tax in multiple state and local jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to United States federal income tax examinations for all years through calendar 2002. The Company s
income tax returns for calendar 2003 and 2004 are currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service as part of the audit of Cendant, and separately under audit for 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

calendar years 2005 and 2006. With only a few exceptions, all state and local income tax examination matters have been concluded through calendar 2003. The
Company does not anticipate any material adjustments from any ongoing examinations. 16. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS Credit Risk and Exposure The Company invests
its excess cash in deposits with high quality institutions. As of April 30, 2008, the Company had no financial instruments that represented a significant concentration of credit risk. Limited amounts are invested in any single institution to
minimize risk. The Company had not incurred any credit risk losses related to those investments. Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of accounts and notes receivable and development advance notes with its franchisees. The Company manages such risk by evaluating the financial position and creditworthiness of such
counterparties. As of April 30, 2008, there were no significant concentrations of credit risk with any individual franchisee or groups of franchisees. Concentrations of credit risk associated with receivables are considered minimal due to the
Company s diverse customer base. The Company maintains a provision of potential credit losses based on expected collectability of all receivables, which the Company believes is adequate for its credit loss exposure. The Company does not
normally require collateral or other security to support credit sales. Accounts receivable from SBB T and Republic were 1.3 million
and 0.6 million, respectively, as of April 30, 2008. The Company considers each of these financial institutions credit worthy and the Company has not historically had any credit losses in connection with related receivables. There were no
outstanding receivables from HSBC as of April 30, 2008. Fair Value The estimated fair value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, notes receivable and accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate
their respective carrying amounts contained on the Consolidated Balance Sheets due to the short-term maturities of these assets and liabilities. The estimated fair value of DANs approximates its carrying amount as DANs are carried on the
Consolidated Balance Sheet net of both amortization and provision for uncollectible amounts. As of April 30, 2008, the estimated fair value of long-term debt approximated its carrying amount as the interest rate, excluding the 100.0 million of
hedged borrowings, was variable. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 17. SEGMENT INFORMATION The Company manages and evaluates the operating results of the business in two segments: 

Franchise operations This segment consists of the operations of the Company s franchise business, including royalty and marketing and advertising
revenues, financial product fees and other revenues; and 

Company-owned office operations This segment consists of the operations of the company-owned offices for which the Company recognizes service revenues
primarily for the preparation of tax returns. Management evaluates the operating results of each of its reportable
segments based upon revenues and income before income taxes. Intersegment transactions approximate fair market value and are not significant. Company-owned office operations typically recognize marketing and advertising expenses equal to 6 of tax preparation revenues. Franchise operations typically recognize marketing and advertising expenses equal to or greater than 6 of total
revenues earned by franchisees. Company-owned office operations also recognizes regional and local marketing and advertising expenses. 

Franchise Operations 
 
 Company-Owned Office Operations 
 
 Corporate and Other(a) 

Total 

(In thousands) 
 
 Fiscal year ended April 30, 2008 

Total revenues 

191,973 

86,532 

278,505 

Expenses: 

Cost of operations 

35,383 

65,886 

101,269 
 
 Marketing and advertising 

40,464 

7,924 

48,388 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 

3,776 

3,834 

41,285 

48,895 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

9,791 

3,442 

13,233 

Total expenses 

89,414 

81,086 

41,285 

211,785 

Income (loss) from operations 

102,559 

5,446 

(41,285) 

66,720 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

104,004 

5,446 

(55,297) 

54,153 

Total assets 

510,056 

89,251 

758 

600,065 

Capital expenditures 

3,226 

3,215 

6,441 

Franchise Operations 
 
 Company-Owned Office Operations 
 
 Corporate and Other(a) 

Total 

(In thousands) 
 
 Fiscal year ended April 30, 2007 

Total revenues 

213,006 

80,190 

293,196 

Expenses: 

Cost of operations 

33,435 

51,706 

85,141 
 
 Marketing and advertising 

37,159 

7,088 

44,247 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 

3,945 

3,395 

28,452 

35,792 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

9,408 

2,858 

12,266 

Total expenses 

83,947 

65,047 

28,452 

177,446 

Income (loss) from operations 

129,059 

15,143 

(28,452) 

115,750 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

130,411 

15,143 

(38,028) 

107,526 

Total assets 

457,157 

115,528 

856 

573,541 

Capital expenditures 

6,628 

2,321 

8,949 

72 

Table of Contents 

Franchise Operations 
 
 Company-Owned Office Operations 
 
 Corporate and Other(a) 

Total 

(In thousands) 
 
 Fiscal year ended April 30, 2006 

Total revenues 

203,881 

71,529 

275,410 

Expenses: 

Cost of operations 

31,179 

47,084 

78,263 
 
 Marketing and advertising 

34,691 

6,286 

40,977 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 

3,448 

3,623 

32,652 

39,723 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

8,706 

2,722 

11,428 

Total expenses 

78,024 

59,715 

32,652 

170,391 

Income (loss) from operations 

125,857 

11,814 

(32,652) 

105,019 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

126,978 

12,334 

(42,827) 

96,485 

Total assets 

510,054 

77,460 

568 

588,082 

Capital expenditures 

8,170 

2,544 

10,714 

(a) 
 Corporate and other expenses include unallocated corporate overhead supporting both segments including legal, finance, human resources, real estate facilities and strategic
development activities, as well as stock-based compensation. Total assets represent unallocated common assets supporting both segments. Revenues earned in connection with agreements with SBB T, HSBC and Republic (in aggregate) represented approximately 32 , 32 and 35 of revenues included in the Franchise Operations segment in fiscal 2008, fiscal
2007 and fiscal 2006, respectively. 18. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Operating Leases The Company is committed to making rental payments under non-cancelable
operating leases covering primarily various facilities with the Company s commitments expiring at various dates through 2014. Most leases require the Company to pay property taxes, maintenance, insurance and related costs. Future minimum lease payments required under non-cancelable operating leases are as follows: 

Fiscal Year 
 
 Amount 

(In thousands) 
 
 2009 

10,519 
 
 2010 

11,407 
 
 2011 

7,051 
 
 2012 

3,441 
 
 2013 

1,731 
 
 2014 and thereafter 

925 

Total 

35,074 

Rental expense is included in selling, general and administrative expense and cost of
company-owned office operations in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Certain leases also contain rent escalation clauses that require additional rental amounts in later years of the term. Rental expense for leases with escalation clauses is
recognized on a straight-line basis over the non-cancelable lease term. Rental and related expenses were 17.1 million, 12.5 million and 11.9 million in fiscal 2008, fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2006, respectively. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Guarantees As of April 30, 2008, the Company had outstanding a 0.5 million irrevocable letter of credit under the Amended and Restated 450 Million Credit Facility. The requirement to maintain this irrevocable letter of
credit subsequently terminated in May 2008 as provided under the Company s lease agreement for its corporate headquarters in Parsippany, New Jersey. The Company is required to provide various types of surety bonds, such as tax return preparer bonds and performance bonds, which are irrevocable undertakings by the Company to make payment in the event the Company
fails to perform certain of its obligations to third parties. These bonds vary in duration although most are issued and outstanding from one to two years. If the Company fails to perform under its obligations, the maximum potential payment under
these surety bonds is 1.9 million as of April 30, 2008. Historically, no surety bonds have been drawn upon and there is no future expectation that these surety bonds will be drawn upon. The Company, through TSA, provides customers of company-owned offices with a guarantee in
connection with the preparation of tax returns that may require in certain circumstances the Company to pay penalties and interest assessed by a taxing authority. The Company has a liability of 0.1 million as of April 30, 2008 and
April 30, 2007, respectively, for the fair value of the obligation undertaken in issuing the guarantee. Such liabilities were included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition, the Company may
be required to pay additional tax (or refund shortfall) assessed by a taxing authority for all customers that purchase the Company s Gold Guarantee product. The Company may incur a
liability to the extent that the total customer Gold Guarantee claims exceed maximum thresholds pursuant to the contract between the Company and the third party program provider. There have been no amounts paid by the Company under this arrangement
in the past relating to such potential liability and the Company does not expect to be required to make payment in the future. The
transitional agreement with Cendant provides that the Company continues to indemnify Cendant and its affiliates against potential losses based on, arising out of or resulting from, among other things, claims by third parties relating to the
ownership or the operation of the Company s assets or properties and the operation or conduct of the Company s business, whether in the past or future, including any currently pending litigation against Cendant and any claims arising out
of or relating to the Company s IPO. Additionally, the transitional agreement provides that the Company is responsible for the respective tax liabilities imposed on or attributable to the Company and any of the Company s subsidiaries
relating to all taxable periods. Accordingly, the Company is required to indemnify Cendant and its subsidiaries against any such tax liabilities imposed on or attributable to the Company and any of the Company s subsidiaries. While there have
not been any indemnification claims against the Company under these arrangements since the Company s IPO, the Company could be obligated to make payments in the future. See Note 15 Income Taxes for additional information.
 The Company routinely enters into contracts that include indemnification provisions that serve to protect the contracting parties from
losses such parties suffer as a result of acts or omissions of the Company and/or its affiliates, including in particular indemnity obligations relating to (a) tax, legal and other risks related to the purchase of businesses or the provision of
services; (b) indemnification of the Company s directors and officers; (c) indemnities of various lessors in connection with facility leases for certain claims arising from such facility or lease; and (d) third-party claims,
including those from franchisees, relating to various arrangements in the normal course of business. There is no stated maximum payment related to these indemnities, and the term of indemnities may vary and in many cases is limited only by the
applicable statute of limitations. The likelihood of any claims being asserted against the Company and the ultimate liability related to any such claims, if any, is difficult to predict. While there had not been any indemnification claims against
the Company under these arrangements prior to 2008, there can be no assurance that the Company will not be obligated to make payments in the future. Certain of our franchisees have filed purported class action lawsuits against SBB T and HSBC
relating to the terms of the contracts between the franchisees and the financial product providers and the manner in which financial products are facilitated. SBB T and HSBC have submitted indemnification claims to the Company in regards to
these lawsuits. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Legal Proceedings On March 18, 2003, Canieva Hood and Congress of California Seniors brought a purported class action suit against Santa Barbara Bank Trust SBB T and the Company in the Superior Court
of California (Santa Barbara, following a transfer from San Francisco) seeking declaratory relief in connection with the provision of RALs, as to the lawfulness of the practice of cross-lender debt collection, as to the validity of SBB T s
cross-lender debt collection provision and as to whether the method of disclosure to customers with respect to the provision is unlawful or fraudulent, and seeking injunctive relief, restitution, disgorgement, compensatory damages, statutory
damages, punitive damages, attorneys fees, and expenses. The Company is a party in the action for allegedly collaborating, and aiding and abetting, in the actions of SBB T. The Congress of California Seniors was subsequently removed as a
plaintiff. A class certification hearing has been scheduled for November 12, 2008. The case is in its discovery and pretrial stage. The Company believes it has meritorious defenses and is contesting this matter vigorously. On December 18,
2003, Ms. Hood also filed a separate suit against the Company in the Ohio Court of Common Pleas (Montgomery County) and is seeking to certify a class in the action. The allegations of negligence, breach of fiduciary duty, and violation of
certain Ohio law relate to the same set of facts as the California action. Plaintiff seeks equitable and declaratory relief, damages, attorneys fees, and expenses. The case is in its discovery and pretrial stage. The Company believes it has
meritorious defenses and is contesting this matter vigorously. On September 26, 2006, Willie Brown brought a purported class action
complaint against the Company in the Ohio Court of Common Pleas, Cuyahoga County, on behalf of Ohio customers who obtained RALs facilitated by the Company, for an alleged failure to comply with Ohio s Credit Services Organization Act, and for
alleged unfair and deceptive acts in violation of Ohio s Consumer Sales Practices Act, and seeking damages and injunctive relief. The Company believes it has meritorious defenses and is contesting this matter vigorously. On October 30, 2006, Linda Hunter brought a purported class action complaint against the Company in the United States District Court, Southern
District of West Virginia, on behalf of West Virginia customers who obtained RALs facilitated by the Company, seeking damages for an alleged breach of fiduciary duty, for alleged breach of West Virginia s Credit Service Organization Act, for
alleged breach of contract, and for alleged unfair or deceptive acts or practices in connection with the Company s RAL facilitation activities. On November 22, 2006, the Company filed a motion to dismiss. On November 6, 2007, the
Court partially granted the Company s motion to dismiss. On November 21, 2007, the Company answered the complaint. On March 13, 2008, the Court granted the Company s partial motion for summary judgment on plaintiff s breach
of contract claim. The case is in its discovery and pretrial stage. The Company believes it has meritorious defenses and is contesting this matter vigorously. On April 20, 2007, Brent Wooley brought a purported class action complaint against the Company and certain unknown franchisees in the United States District Court, Northern District of Illinois. The complaint,
which was subsequently amended, was brought on behalf of customers who obtained tax return preparation services that allegedly included false deductions without support by the customer that resulted in penalties being assessed by the IRS against the
taxpayer for violations of the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Practices Act, and the Racketeering and Corrupt Organizations Act, and alleging unjust enrichment and breach of contract, seeking compensatory and punitive damages, restitution,
and attorneys fees. The alleged violations of the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Practices Act relate to representations regarding tax return preparation, Basic Guarantee and Gold Guarantee coverage and denial of Gold Guarantee claims.
On August 1, 2007, the Company filed a motion to dismiss which, on September 5, 2007, was denied without prejudice to permit the plaintiff to further amend the complaint. On October 5, 2007, plaintiff filed a second amended complaint
to add additional parties. On November 20, 2007, Company filed a motion to dismiss the second amended complaint. On March 25, 2008, the Court dismissed all claims. On April 11, 2008, plaintiff filed a motion for leave to file a third
amended complaint. The Company opposed that motion. On June 19, 2008, the Court denied plaintiff s motion, and permitted the plaintiff to file a fourth amended complaint consistent with the Court s March 25, 2008 decision. The
Company believes it has meritorious defenses and is contesting this matter vigorously. On January 17, 2008, an attorney with the New
York State Division of Human Rights (the Division filed with the Division a Division-initiated administrative complaint against the Company for allegedly marketing loan 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

products to individuals in New York based on their race and military status in violation of New York State s Human Rights Law, and seeking injunctive
and other relief. On February 19, 2008, the Company filed a response to the complaint with the Division. On March 11, 2008, the Division filed its rebuttal to the Company s response. The Division is undertaking an investigation to
determine whether to commence an administrative hearing. The Company believes it has meritorious defenses and is contesting this matter vigorously in the investigative process and in any administrative hearing that will occur in the Division.
 The Company is from time to time subject to other legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, none of which the
Company believes is likely to have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 19. SUPPLEMENTARY DATA:
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED QUARTERLY DATA (UNAUDITED) The following table presents the Company s unaudited consolidated statements of
operations data for each of the eight quarters in the two-year period ended April 30, 2008. In the Company s opinion, this information has been presented on the same basis as the audited Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page
48 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and all necessary adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, have been included in the amounts below to present fairly the unaudited quarterly results when read in conjunction with the
audited Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes. The operating results for any quarter should not be relied upon as necessarily indicative of results for any future period. The Company expects the quarterly operating results to fluctuate
in future periods due to a variety of reasons, including those discussed in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Fiscal Year 2008 Quarter Ended 

April 30, 2008 
 
 January 31, 2008 
 
 October 31, 2007(2),(3),(4) 

July 31, 2007(2),(3) 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Revenues 

169,429 

97,555 

5,601 

5,920 

Income (loss) from operations 

98,148 

34,212 

(35,814) 

(29,826) 

Net income (loss) 

57,459 

18,247 

(23,674) 

(19,605) 

Earnings (loss) per share: 

Basic 

2.02 

0.61 

(0.78) 

(0.65) 

Diluted 

2.02 

0.61 

(0.78) 

(0.65) 

Fiscal Year 2007 Quarter Ended 

April 30, 2007(2) 
 
 January 31, 2007(1) 
 
 October 31, 2006 

July 31, 2006 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Revenues 

166,734 

114,446 

6,155 

5,861 

Income (loss) from operations 

110,673 

48,780 

(23,435) 

(20,268) 

Net income (loss) 

66,001 

27,538 

(15,489) 

(12,670) 

Earnings (loss) per share: 

Basic 

2.07 

0.84 

(0.46) 

(0.36) 

Diluted 

2.03 

0.83 

(0.46) 

(0.36) 

(1) 
 The Company incurred litigation related expenses of 1.9 million in the three months ended January 31, 2007. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

(2) 
 The Company incurred Internal Review expenses of 2.2 million, 3.4 million and 0.5 million in the three months ended October 31, 2007, July 31, 2007 and
April 30, 2007, respectively. 

(3) 
 The Company incurred management severance expense of 5.7 million in the three months ended October 31, 2007, primarily related to the departure of our former Chief Executive
Officer. The Company incurred severance expense of 0.7 million in the three months ended July 31, 2007. The
accumulation of four quarters in fiscal years 2008 and 2007 for earnings (loss) per share may not equal the related per share amounts for the years ended April 30, 2008 and 2007 due to the timing of the exercise of stock options and the
antidilutive effect of stock options. 20. SUBSEQUENT EVENT Declaration of Dividend On June 3, 2008, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash
dividend of 0.18 per share of common stock, payable on July 15, 2008, to common stockholders of record on June 30, 2008. Based on the Company s current share count, the total dividends to be paid is approximately 5.1 million.
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 SCHEDULE II JACKSON HEWITT TAX SERVICE INC. VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2008 

2007 

2006 

(in thousands) 

Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Allowance for Doubtful Accounts(1): 

Balance at beginning of fiscal year 

3,029 

4,057 

4,715 

Charged to expenses, net 

5,395 

2,533 

2,470 

Deductions 

(6,230) 

(3,561) 

(3,128) 

Balance at end of fiscal year 

2,194 

3,029 

4,057 

Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance: 

Balance at beginning of fiscal year 

1,112 

1,112 

1,112 

Charged to expenses 

Deductions 

Balance at end of fiscal year 

1,112 

1,112 

1,112 

(1) 
 Represents aggregate allowance for doubtful accounts related to accounts receivable, notes receivable and development advances. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. There were no changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief
Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. (b) Management s Annual Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2008. In making this assessment, management used
the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, our management believes that, as of April 30, 2008, our internal
control over financial reporting is effective. Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Their report is included herein. (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008, there were no changes that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION. There is no other information
to be disclosed. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. The information contained in our Proxy Statement under the sections titled Board of Directors and Corporate Governance General , Executive Officers , Board of Directors and Corporate Governance-Biographical
Information for the Nominees and Continuing Directors , Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance and Board of Directors and Corporate
Governance Committees of the Board Audit Committee is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. We have
adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to all of our officers and employees, including our principal executive and principal financial officers. We have also adopted a Code of Conduct for Directors that applies to all of our directors. You can find
each of these Codes in the Investor Relations Corporate Governance section of our website at www.jacksonhewitt.com . We will post on our website any amendments to these Codes, as well as any waivers that are required to be
disclosed by the rules of either the SEC or the NYSE. You can also obtain a printed copy of the codes without charge by writing to our Corporate Secretary at Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc., 3 Sylvan Way, Parsippany, NJ 07054. 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. The information contained
in our Proxy Statement under the sections titled Executive Compensation and Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation is incorporated herein by reference in
response to this item. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. The information contained in our Proxy Statement under the section titled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management Security Ownership Table is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. Equity Compensation Plan
Information The following table provides information about shares of common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of stock options
and in connection with outstanding shares of restricted stock and RSUs under all of our existing equity compensation plans as of April 30, 2008. 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise
of Outstanding Stock Options and in Connection with Outstanding RSUs(1) 
 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Stock Options ) 
 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in First Column) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by our stockholders(2) 
 
 2,732,723 

23.78 
 
 2,400,046 

(1) 
 Excludes 1,367,231 shares of common stock previously issued under our Amended and Restated 2004 Equity and Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time, including, options
for common stock that have been exercised, shares of restricted stock and, in connection with our IPO, the issuance of common stock to employees in exchange for their Cendant RSUs. 

(2) 
 Includes options and other awards granted under our Amended and Restated 2004 Equity and Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time, and our Non-Employee Directors Deferred
Compensation Plan. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. The information contained in our Proxy Statement under the sections titled Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Related Person Transactions and Board of Directors and
Corporate Governance Function and Meetings of the Board of Directors Statement on Corporate Governance Director Independence are incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. The
information contained in our Proxy Statement under the section titled Ratification of Appointment of Auditors is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 (1) Financial Statements. The index to the Consolidated Financial Statements is found on page 38 of this Report. (2) Financial Statement Schedule. Financial Statement Schedule II is found on page 66 of this Report. (3) Exhibits. The list of exhibits set forth on the Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on June 30, 2008. 

JACKSON HEWITT TAX SERVICE INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ M ICHAEL C.
Y ERINGTON 

Michael C. Yerington 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 
 /s/ D ANIEL P.
O BRIEN 

Daniel P. O Brien 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been
signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on June 30, 2008. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ M ICHAEL C.
Y ERINGTON Michael C. Yerington 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ D ANIEL P.
O BRIEN Daniel P. O Brien 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ U LYSSES L. B RIDGEMAN ,
J R . Ulysses L. Bridgeman, Jr. 
 
 Director 

/s/ R ODMAN L.
D RAKE Rodman L. Drake 
 
 Director 

/s/ M ARGARET M ILNER 
R ICHARDSON Margaret Milner Richardson 
 
 Director 

/s/ L OUIS P.
S ALVATORE Louis P. Salvatore 
 
 Director 

/s/ J AMES C.
S PIRA James C. Spira 
 
 Director 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Index 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 2.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated September 27, 2007, by and among Tax Services of America, Inc., Smart Tax of Georgia Inc., and each of the shareholders of Smart Tax of Georgia, Inc., filed as
Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2007, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

2.2 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated September 27, 2007, by and among Tax Services of America, Inc., Smart Tax, Inc., and each of the shareholders of Smart Tax, Inc., filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the
Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2007, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

2.3 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated September 27, 2007, by and among Tax Services of America, Inc., Sofar, Inc., and each of the shareholders of Sofar, Inc., filed as Exhibit 2.3 to the
Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2007, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2004, file number 1-32215, is
incorporated herein by reference. 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc., dated December 4, 2007, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31,
2007, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2007, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by
reference. 

4.2 
 
 Rights Agreement between Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company (as successor Rights Agent to The Bank of New York), dated June 24, 2004, filed as Exhibit
4.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2004, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference, as modified by Exhibit 10.25. 

10.1 
 
 Transitional Agreement among Cendant Corporation, Cendant Operations, Inc. and Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc., dated June 25, 2004, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2004, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

10.2 
 
 Form of Franchise Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2005, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by
reference. 

10.3 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, file number 333-113593, is incorporated herein by reference. 

10.4 
 
 Non-employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, file number 333-113593, is incorporated herein by reference.

10.5 
 
 Lease Agreement dated as of May 1, 2005 by and between Dun Bradstreet, Inc. and Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc, filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
dated May 5, 2005, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

10.6 
 
 Gateway Building D Office Lease, made as of November 17, 2005, between Sarasota Gateway Building D, LLLP and Jackson Hewitt Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2005, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Document 

10.7 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated May 11, 2006, by and between Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2006, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement between Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. and Steven L. Barnett, effective as of July 20, 2006, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended July 31, 2006, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

10.9 
 
 Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. Amended and Restated 2004 Equity and Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 22, 2006, file
number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

10.10 
 
 Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. Amended and Restated Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 22, 2006,
file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

10.11 
 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc., Jackson Hewitt Inc., Tax Services of America, Inc. and Hewfant, Inc., as Borrowers, the Lenders named therein,
Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., and Citibank, N.A., as co-Syndication Agents, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and PNC Bank, National Association, as co- Documentation Agents, and Wachovia Capital
Markets, LLC, as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Runner, dated as of October 6, 2006, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2006, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by
reference. 

10.12 
 
 Form of Executive Officer Stock Option Agreement under the Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. Amended and Restated 2004 Equity and Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2006, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

10.13 
 
 Program Agreement, dated September 19, 2007, between Jackson Hewitt Inc. and Republic Bank Trust Company, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended October 31, 2007, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

10.14 
 
 Technology Services Agreement, dated September 19, 2007, between Jackson Hewitt Technology Services LLC and Republic Bank Trust Company, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2007, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

10.15 
 
 Amended and Restated Program Agreement, dated September 21, 2007, between Jackson Hewitt Inc. and Santa Barbara Bank Trust, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2007, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

10.16 
 
 Amended and Restated Technology Services Agreement, dated September 21, 2007, between Jackson Hewitt Technology Services LLC and Santa Barbara Bank Trust, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the
Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2007, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

10.17 
 
 Amended and Restated Program Agreement, dated October 8, 2007, between Jackson Hewitt Inc. and HSBC Taxpayer Financial Services Inc. and Beneficial Franchise Company, Inc., filed as Exhibit
10.8 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2007, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Document 

10.18 
 
 Amended and Restated Technology Services Agreement, dated October 8, 2007, between Jackson Hewitt Technology Services LLC and HSBC Taxpayer Financial Services Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the
Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2007, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

10.19 
 
 Form of Executive Officer Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. Amended and Restated 2004 Equity and Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the
Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2007, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

10.20 
 
 Separation Agreement and General Release, dated October 18, 2007, by and between Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. and Michael D. Lister, filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2007, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

10.21 
 
 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated October 31, 2007, among Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc., Jackson Hewitt Inc., Tax Services of America, Inc. and Hewfant, Inc., as
Borrowers, the Lenders named therein, Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., and Citibank, N.A., as co-Syndication Agents, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and PNC Bank, National Association, as co-
Documentation Agents, filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2007, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

10.22 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. and Michael C. Yerington, effective as of December 4, 2007, filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2007, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

10.23 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. and Mark L. Heimbouch, effective as of December 4, 2007, filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2007, file number 1-32215, is incorporated herein by reference. 

10.24 
 
 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated May 21, 2008, among Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc., Jackson Hewitt Inc., Tax Services of America, Inc. and Hewfant, Inc., as
Borrowers, the Lenders named therein, Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., and Citibank, N.A., as co-Syndication Agents, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and PNC Bank, National Association, as co-
Documentation Agents. 

10.25 
 
 Kiosk License Agreement, dated June 23, 2008, between Wal-Mart Stores East, LP, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Wal-Mart Louisiana, LLC, and Wal-Mart Stores Texas, LLC and Jackson Hewitt
Inc. 

10.26 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. Amended and Restated Equity and Incentive Plan. 

10.27 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. Amended and Restated Equity and Incentive Plan. 

10.28 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. Amended and Restated Equity and Incentive Plan. 

10.29 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. Amended and Restated Equity and Incentive Plan. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Document 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Management contract or compensatory plan 

Confidential treatment has been requested for the redacted portions of this agreement. A complete copy of the agreement, including the redacted portions, has been filed separately
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 87 

<EX-10.24>
 2
 dex1024.htm
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

Exhibit 10.24 Executive Version SECOND AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT , dated as of the 21 st day of May, 2008 (this
 Amendment ), is entered into among JACKSON HEWITT TAX SERVICE INC. , a Delaware corporation (the Parent ), JACKSON HEWITT INC. , a Virginia corporation Jackson Hewitt ), TAX
SERVICES OF AMERICA, INC. , a Delaware corporation Tax Services ), and HEWFANT INC. , a Virginia corporation Hewfant and collectively with the Parent, Jackson Hewitt and Tax Services, the
 Borrowers and each a Borrower ), the Lenders (as defined in the hereinafter defined Credit Agreement) party hereto, and WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as Administrative Agent for the Lenders.
 RECITALS A. The
Borrowers, the Lenders and Wachovia are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 6, 2006, as amended by the First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2007
(as further amended, restated and modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), providing for a revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of 450,000,000. Capitalized terms used herein without definition
shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. B. The Borrowers have requested certain amendments to the Credit Agreement
and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders have agreed to make such amendments on the terms and conditions set forth herein. STATEMENT
OF AGREEMENT NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: ARTICLE I AMENDMENTS TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 1.1
 Amendments to Section 1.1 (Defined Terms) . (a) The pricing matrix in the definition of Applicable
Percentage , in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following pricing matrix: 

Level 
 
 Total Leverage Ratio 
 
 Applicable LIBOR Margin 

Applicable Base Rate Margin 

Applicable Commitment Fee Percentage 

I 
 
 Greater than 3.0 to 1.0 
 
 2.00 

1.00 

0.40 

II 
 
 Less than or equal to 3.0 to 1.0 but greater than 2.5 to 1.0 
 
 1.50 

0.50 

0.30 

III 
 
 Less than or equal to 2.5 to 1.0 but greater than 2.0 to 1.0 
 
 1.00 

0.00 

0.20 

IV 
 
 Less than or equal to 2.0 to 1.0 but greater than 1.0 to 1.0 
 
 0.75 

0.00 

0.15 

V 
 
 Less than or equal to 1.0 to 1.0 
 
 0.50 

0.00 

0.10 

(b) The definition of Permitted Acquisitions is hereby amended by (i) deleting the word
 and from the end of sub-clause (iv) of clause (B) thereof, (ii) changing sub-clause (v) of clause (B) thereof to become the new sub-clause (vi) thereof, and (iii) inserting a new sub-clause (v) in
clause (B) thereof as follows: (v) after giving effect to such Permitted Acquisition and any Borrowings in connection
therewith, if the Leverage Ratio, determined on a Pro Forma Basis for the Reference Period then most recently ended for which the Administrative Agent has received the financial statements required by Section 6.1 , is (A) greater
than 3.00 to 1.0, the cash consideration paid with respect to such Acquisition, together with the aggregate cash consideration paid with respect to all Acquisitions during the same fiscal year, shall not exceed 15,000,000; provided, however, that
the foregoing shall exclude cash consideration paid in such fiscal year for Acquisitions consummated in prior fiscal years or (B) less than or equal to 3.00 to 1.0, there shall be no limitation on the aggregate cash consideration paid with
respect to all Acquisitions during the same fiscal year; and 1.2 Amendment to Section 7.1 (Leverage Ratio) . Section 7.1
of the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted, in its entirety, and replaced with the following: 7.1 Leverage Ratio . The
Borrowers will not permit the Leverage Ratio as of the last day of any fiscal quarter to be greater than the ratio set forth below opposite the period that includes the last day of such fiscal quarter: 

Period 
 
 Maximum Leverage Ratio 
 
 April 30, 2008 
 
 3.00:1.0 
 
 July 31, 2008 through January 31, 2009 
 
 3.50:1.0 
 
 April 30, 2009 through October 31, 2009 
 
 3.15:1.0 
 
 Thereafter 
 
 3.00:1.0 
 
 2 

provided , that if the Borrower purchases, redeems, retires or otherwise acquires shares of its
Capital Stock pursuant to Section 8.4(iv) , the Borrowers will not permit the Leverage Ratio as of the last day of any fiscal quarter ending on the date of such purchase, redemption, retirement or acquisition or thereafter to be greater
than 3.0:1.0. 1.3 Amendment to Section 8.4 (Restricted Payments) . Clause (iv) of Section 8.4 of the Credit Agreement
is hereby amended by deleting subclause (y) thereof and replacing it with the following: (y) with respect to
purchases, redemptions, retirement or other acquisitions of Capital Stock only, (1) the Leverage Ratio shall be less than or equal to 2.50 to 1.0 for the two previous Reference Periods then most recently ended for which the Administrative Agent
has received the financial statements required by Section 6.1 , (2) immediately after giving effect to such purchase, redemption, retirement or other acquisition of Capital Stock and any Borrowings in connection therewith, the
aggregate Unutilized Revolving Credit Commitments shall not be less than 10,000,000, and (3) the Leverage Ratio, determined on a Pro Forma Basis for the Reference Period then most recently ended for which the Administrative Agent has received
the financial statements required by Section 6.1, shall not exceed 3.0 to 1.0 (and provided, that consummation of any such transaction contemplated by this Section 8.4(iv) shall be deemed to be a representation to the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders by the Borrowers that the conditions set forth in this paragraph have been satisfied). ARTICLE II
 CONDITIONS OF EFFECTIVENESS This Amendment shall become effective as of the date (the Second Amendment Effective Date when, and only when, each of the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied: (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received, dated as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, an executed counterpart hereof from each of the
Borrowers and the Required Lenders. 
 3 

(b) The Borrowers shall have paid to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of each Lender who
approves this Amendment a nonrefundable fee in the amount of 0.15 of each such approving Lender s aggregate Revolving Credit Commitment, which fee shall be deemed fully earned as of the Second Amendment Effective Date. (c) The Borrowers shall have paid to the Arranger the other fees required under the engagement letter from the Arranger to the Borrowers, dated as of
April 30, 2008. (d) The Borrowers shall have paid all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent in
connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Amendment (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent with respect thereto). ARTICLE III CONFIRMATION OF
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES The Borrowers hereby represent and warrant, on the date hereof and as of the Second Amendment Effective
Date, that (i) the representations and warranties contained in the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents are true and correct in all material respects on and as of such date, both immediately before and after giving effect to this
Amendment (except to the extent any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date),
(ii) this Amendment has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Borrowers and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrowers enforceable against it in accordance with its terms and (iii) no Default or
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the Second Amendment Effective Date, both immediately before and after giving effect to this Amendment. ARTICLE IV ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND CONFIRMATION OF THE BORROWERS The Borrowers hereby confirm and agree that, after giving effect to this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents remain in full
force and effect and enforceable against the Borrowers in accordance with their respective terms and shall not be discharged, diminished, limited or otherwise affected in any respect, and represents and warrants to the Lenders that it has no
knowledge of any claims, counterclaims, offsets, or defenses to or with respect to its obligations under the Credit Documents, or if the Borrowers have any such claims, counterclaims, offsets, or defenses to the Credit Documents or any transaction
related to the Credit Documents, the same are hereby waived, relinquished, and released in consideration of the execution of this Amendment. This acknowledgement and confirmation by the Borrowers is made and delivered to induce the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Amendment, and the Borrowers acknowledge that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders would not enter into this Amendment in the absence of the acknowledgement and confirmation contained herein. 
 
 4 

ARTICLE V MISCELLANEOUS 5.1 Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by and construed and
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 5.2 Full Force and Effect . Except as expressly amended hereby, the
Credit Agreement shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof on the date hereof. As used in the Credit Agreement, hereinafter, hereto, hereof, and words of similar import
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean the Credit Agreement after amendment by this Amendment. Any reference to the Credit Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents herein or in any such documents shall refer to the Credit Agreement
and Credit Documents as amended hereby. This Amendment is limited as specified and shall not constitute or be deemed to constitute an amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement except as expressly set forth herein.
This Amendment shall constitute a Credit Document under the terms of the Credit Agreement. 5.3 Expenses . The Borrowers agree on
demand (i) to pay all reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent, and (ii) to reimburse the Administrative Agent for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, in each case, in connection with the
preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and the other Credit Documents delivered in connection herewith. 5.4
 Severability . To the extent any provision of this Amendment is prohibited by or invalid under the applicable law of any jurisdiction, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity and only in any
such jurisdiction, without prohibiting or invalidating such provision in any other jurisdiction or the remaining provisions of this Amendment in any jurisdiction. 5.5 Successors and Assigns . This Amendment shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the respective successors and permitted assigns of the parties hereto. 5.6 Construction . The headings of the various sections and subsections of this Amendment have been inserted for convenience only and shall not in
any way affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof. 5.7 Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any
number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. [THE BALANCE OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their duly
authorized officers as of the date first above written. 

JACKSON HEWITT TAX SERVICE INC. JACKSON HEWITT INC. TAX SERVICES OF AMERICA, INC. HEWFANT INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Daniel P. O Brien 
 
 Name: 
 
 Daniel P. O Brien 
 
 Title: 
 
 EVP CFO 
 
 (signatures continued) 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment 

WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as Administrative Agent, Issuing Lender and as a Lender 

By: 
 
 /s/ James J. Petronchak 
 
 Name: 
 
 James J. Petronchak 
 
 Title: 
 
 SVP 

Signature Page to Second Amendment 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as Syndication Agent and as a Lender 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jason Cassity 
 
 Name: 
 
 Jason Cassity 
 
 Title: 
 
 Vice President 

Signature Page to Second Amendment 

CITIBANK, N.A. , as Syndication Agent and as a Lender 

By: 
 
 /s/ Charles J. Margiotti III 
 
 Name: 
 
 Charles J. Margiotti III 
 
 Title: 
 
 Vice President 

Signature Page to Second Amendment 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as Documentation Agent and as a Lender 

By: 
 
 /s/ Lori S. Franzon 
 
 Name: 
 
 Lori S. Franzon 
 
 Title: 
 
 Vice President 

Signature Page to Second Amendment 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as Documentation Agent and as a Lender 

By: 
 
 /s/ Dawn B. Scocco 
 
 Name: 
 
 Dawn B. Scocco 
 
 Title: 
 
 Associate 

Signature Page to Second Amendment 

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Lender 

By: 
 
 /s/ Gary T. Fowler 
 
 Name: 
 
 Gary T. Fowler 
 
 Title: 
 
 Vice President 

Signature Page to Second Amendment 

FIFTH THIRD BANK , as a Lender 

By: 
 
 /s/ George B. Davis 
 
 Name: 
 
 George B. Davis 
 
 Title: 
 
 Vice President 

Signature Page to Second Amendment 

UNION BANK OF CALIFORNIA, N.A. , as a Lender 

By: 
 
 /s/ Marissa Petri 
 
 Name: 
 
 Marissa Petri 
 
 Title: 
 
 Assistant Vice President 

Signature Page to Second Amendment 

CAPITAL ONE, N.A. , as a Lender 

By: 
 
 /s/ Stephen DiGiovanna 
 
 Name: 
 
 Stephen DiGiovanna 
 
 Title: 
 
 Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Second Amendment 

THE GOVERNOR AND COMPANY OF THE BANK OF IRELAND , as a Lender 

By: 
 
 /s/ Emer Dalton 
 
 Name: 
 
 Emer Dalton 
 
 Title: 
 
 Senior Manager 

By: 
 
 /s/ Peter O Connor 
 
 Name: 
 
 Peter O Connor 
 
 Title: 
 
 Deputy Manager 

Signature Page to Second Amendment 

COMMERCE BANK , as a Lender 

By: 
 
 /s/ Craig A. Pasko 
 
 Name: 
 
 Craig A. Pasko 
 
 Title: 
 
 Vice President 

Signature Page to Second Amendment 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-10.25>
 3
 dex1025.htm
 KIOSK LICENSE AGREEMENT, DATED JUNE 23, 2008

Kiosk License Agreement, dated June 23, 2008 

Exhibit 10.25 Kiosk License Agreement Wal-Mart Stores East, LP,
individually and only as to Stores (as defined below) owned, leased, or operated in AL, CT, DE, FL, GA, IN, KY, ME, MD, MA, MI, MS, MO, NH, NJ, NM, NY, NC, OH, OK, PA, RI, SC, TN, VT, VA, WI, WV; Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., individually and only as to
Stores owned or leased in AK, AR, AZ, CA, CO, HI, ID, IL, IA, KS, MN, MT, NE, NV, ND, OR, SD, UT, WA, WY; Wal-Mart Louisiana, LLC, individually and only as to Stores owned or leased in Louisiana; and Wal-Mart Stores Texas, LLC, individually and only
as to Stores owned or leased in Texas (each referred to as Retailer for purposes of this Kiosk License Agreement as it applies to the Store) and Jackson Hewitt Inc., operating Jackson Hewitt offices through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Licensee enter into this Kiosk License Agreement effective this 23 rd day of June, 2008 (this Agreement and agree as
follows: 1. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions apply: A. Extension Term means the 1 year renewal term beginning at the expiration of the initial term of this Agreement. B. Franchisee or Franchisees means any franchisee operating Jackson Hewitt Tax
Service offices. C. Kiosk or Kiosks means an area of space in which
Licensee conducts the Promotion (as defined below) measuring six (6) feet deep by fifteen (15) feet wide with privacy screens around the tax preparation areas that are at least five (5) feet high. D. Promotion means the tax preparation services, and the ancillary products as designated in Exhibit A, offered and provided by Licensee and Licensee s
Franchisees (as defined above) at the Kiosk in accordance with this Agreement. E. Tax Season means the period beginning on or about January
2nd of a given year through April 15th of the same year or such later date as the United State Internal Revenue Service permits the filing of federal income tax returns without an extension of the applicable Tax Season. F. Tax Timeline means a timeline describing the various phases and requirements, and the deadlines for each, of the Store (as defined below) selection
process. The Tax Timeline for the first Tax Season covered by this Agreement is attached to, and incorporated into, this Agreement as Exhibit B. G.
 Tax Returns means a federal income tax return(s) that Licensee receives a fee for preparing. H. Store or Stores means
the Wal-Mart retail store operated by Retailer. 2. Granting Language, Final List and Pre-Approved Locations. A. Retailer grants to Licensee, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the right to conduct the Promotion on dates specified in the applicable Tax
Timeline. Retailer shall make each Store on the Final List available to Licensee no later than January 2nd of the applicable Tax Season. Licensee may begin construction of the Kiosk at any time after the Store is made available to Licensee, provided
that no construction is conducted on a Saturday or Sunday. B. Retailer shall provide Licensee with the applicable Tax Timeline no later than April
1st of the year preceding the applicable Tax Season. (1) Each party shall perform all phases and meet all requirements described in the applicable Tax
Timeline in accordance with the deadlines for each designated in the same Tax Timeline. (2) Retailer makes no guaranties that Licensee or Licensee s
Franchisees will be allowed to conduct the Promotion in the same Stores each Tax Season of this Agreement. 
 1 

C. Retailer shall provide Licensee, on or before the date designated in the applicable Tax Timeline, a final list of
Stores in which Licensee is granted a license to conduct the Promotion for the applicable Tax Season (the Final List ). (1)
Retailer s obligation to provide Licensee with the Final List extends only to those Stores that Licensee has submitted to Retailer in
accordance with this Agreement and the applicable Tax Timeline. (2) If Retailer elects to close a Store included on the Final List prior to
or during the applicable Tax Season, Retailer will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Licensee with a substitute Store in which the Promotion may be conducted, but Licensee is under no obligation to accept the substitute Store. However,
Retailer will not be liable under any circumstances for any loss (including, but not limited to, lost profits) sustained by Licensee, Licensee s Franchisee, or both, as a result of either the Store closing or because a substitute location is
not provided. (3) Both Retailer and Licensee will be released from any further obligation under this Agreement, and Retailer will return to
Licensee the pro rata share of any License Fee paid to Retailer in advance of Licensee s use of the license granted under this Agreement, upon the occurrence of any of the following: (a) Retailer fails to provide a substitute Store in which the
Promotion may be conducted; or (b) Retailer provides a substitute Store in which the Promotion may be conducted but the substitute Store is not the size of a Wal-Mart Supercenter or is not within the Licensee s or Licensee s
Franchisee s owned territory. D. Licensee shall construct the Kiosk at its own expense and in accordance with plans and specifications approved in
writing by Retailer . (1) Licensee shall obtain Retailer s approval of the floor plan, specifications, location and layouts of the
Kiosk, including dimensions, signs, intended colors, and trade fixtures, prior to beginning construction of the Kiosk. (2) All construction
by Licensee, as required by the preceding sentence, must comply with applicable codes, regulations, and laws and must be of high quality materials and workmanship. (3) Licensee s obligations to construct the Kiosk, as required by this Section 2D, includes, but is not limited to, carpentry and utilities. (4) Licensee shall install and maintain, at no cost to Retailer, any telephone equipment required in the Kiosk and is responsible for the equipment,
installation, and service charges. (5) Licensee may use existing electrical utility service at the Store in which a Kiosk is located for
the basic operation of the Kiosk at no additional charge over the amount set forth in Section 7, below. (6) No construction may take place
in a Store on the weekends. E. Licensee and Licensee s Franchisees shall conduct the Promotion, and may offer ancillary products designated in
Exhibit A (which is attached to and incorporated into this Agreement), within any Store on the Final List from a Kiosk located in the pre-approved location by Retailer and designated in Exhibit C, which is attached to and incorporated into this
Agreement, (the Pre-Approved Location ). (1) Retailer may relocate a Kiosk within the Store but has no obligation to provide
Licensee or Licensee s Franchisee, for any reason whatsoever, a substitute location for the Kiosk other than the Pre-Approved Location. (2) If Retailer relocates a Kiosk after Licensee installs telecommunications at the Kiosk, or if Retailer fails to notify Licensee of a pending relocation prior to Licensee installing telecommunications at the Kiosk, Retailer will reimburse
Licensee for any direct costs Licensee incurs by moving and re-establishing telecommunications at the new location. 
 2 

(3) Other than as provided in the preceding paragraph, Retailer is not liable to Licensee or to
Licensee s Franchisees for any loss as a result of the actual or requested relocation of the Kiosk including, but not limited to, lost profits. 3.
Term and Renewal. A. This Agreement commences on the effective date first noted above and continues until 11:59 pm central time on May 30, 2009 (the
 Initial Term ), unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 14, below. B. Subject to paragraph 7C below, this Agreement will renew for
a one (1) year Extension Term at the expiration of the Initial Term. 4. Hours of Operation. A. Licensee and Licensee s Franchisees shall conduct the Promotion at each Kiosk during the following hours, unless prohibited by law: (1) During the period from January 2nd (or such later date as Licensee begins operating in a particular Store) through January 21st, at least eight (8)
hours per day Monday through Friday and at least five (5) hours per day each Saturday and each Sunday; (2) During the period from January
22nd through February 29th, at least ten (10) hours per day Monday through Saturday, and at least five (5) hours per day each Sunday; (3) During the period from March 1st through April 7th, at least seven and one-half (7 1 / 2 hours per day Monday through Friday, at least ten (10) hours per day each Saturday, and at least five (5) hours per day each
Sunday; and (4) During the period from April 8th through the end of the applicable Tax Season, at least ten (10) hours per day Monday
through Saturday and at least five (5) hours per day each Sunday. B. Licensee shall staff, and shall cause Licensee s Franchisees to staff, each
Kiosk with at least one (1) person at all times required by the preceding paragraph. 5. Signage and Advertisements A. Licensee and Licensee s Franchisees shall, at Licensee s sole expense, post in a conspicuous location on the Kiosk, signs informing prospective customers:
 (1) That Licensee provides to customers, without charge to the customer, an estimate of cost for Licensee preparing the customer s Tax
Returns; (2) Listing a toll free telephone number that customers may contact Licensee to address any problems; and (3) Listing the Hours of Operation required in Section 4, above. B. Retailer shall not permit advertising at any Store where a Kiosk is located by any third party relating to the operation of a tax preparation service or related business. C. Licensee shall not advertise through signs, posters, or other marketing materials its Jackson Hewitt
 ipower Card in, upon or outside of the Kiosk, or any Store. 
 3 

6. Maintenance. A.
Licensee and Licensee s Franchisees shall maintain the Kiosk and keep the Kiosk clean, hazard free, and safe for customers and associates. B.
Retailer shall maintain all areas of the Store other than the Kiosk. 7. Licensee Fee; Commission; and Report. A. Licensee shall pay to Retailer the applicable annual License Fee, as designated in Exhibit D, which is attached to and incorporated into this Agreement, in three (3)
equal installments, with the first payment on or before the third business day prior to the end of January in the applicable Tax Season; the second payment on or before the third business day prior to the end of February in the applicable Tax
Season; and the third payment on or before the third business day prior to the end of March in the applicable Tax Season. B. During the Initial Term,
Licensee also shall pay to Retailer on or before April 30th of the applicable Tax Season the Commission Rent designated on Exhibit D based on the number of Tax Returns prepared for customers of a particular Store. C. Prior to expiration of the Initial Term, the parties shall negotiate and enter into a License Fee and Commission Rent agreement for the Extension Term. If the parties
are unable to agree on the License Fee and Commission Rent prior to expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement will terminate upon expiration of the Initial Term. D. Licensee shall submit to Retailer all payments due under this Agreement via wire transfer along with an excel spreadsheet detailing the distribution of payment for each Store in which a Kiosk is located. Licensee
guarantees all payments due Retailer under this Agreement. Retailer shall provide account numbers for the wire transfer. E. Licensee shall submit to
Retailer contemporaneously with the Commission Rent a report showing the exact number of Tax Returns Licensee and Licensee s Franchisees prepared at each Kiosk for customers of a particular Store during the applicable Tax Season. F. In the event that a Store is changed from a Division 1 format or a Supercenter format to another format during a Tax Season, the amount Licensee owes to Retailer
under this Agreement for the entire applicable Tax Season must be prorated based on the Store designation of the Store during the applicable Tax Season. G. Licensee s failure to comply with this Section 7 or with Exhibit D is a material breach of this Agreement. 8. Indemnification. 
 A. For the purposes of this Agreement: (1)
 Claim means any action, cause of action, claim, or any other assertion of a legal right; damages including, but not limited to, consequential, future, incidental, liquidated, special, and punitive damages; diminution in value; fines;
judgments; liabilities; losses including, but not limited to, economic loss and lost profits; regulatory actions, sanctions, or settlement payments; and reasonable fees and expenses of attorneys, accountants, experts, and investigators. 
 (2) Indemnitee means Retailer; Retailer s subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, managers, members, directors, stockholders, employees,
agents, and representatives; and Retailer s lessor or other party to an agreement with Retailer related to Retailer s purchase, lease, or use of the Store or the underlying land, which Retailer has contractual obligation to indemnify for
Claims in connection with the Store. 
 4 

(3) Indemnified Claim means a Claim for which one party is obligated to indemnify, defend,
and hold harmless the other party. B. Licensee shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Retailer against any Claim, even if the Claim is groundless,
fraudulent, or false, raised or asserted by a third party, including a government entity, in connection with or resulting from any actual or alleged: 1. Breach of this Agreement by Licensee or by Licensee s Franchisees; 2. Negligence or willful misconduct by Licensee or
Licensee s Franchisees, while on Retailer s property or in relation to Licensee s performance under this Agreement; 3. The
passive negligence, secondary liability, vicarious liability, strict liability, or breach of a statutory or non-delegable duty of Indemnitees, related, directly or indirectly, to any matter covered under this Section 8B or to the performance under
this Agreement of Licensee or Licensee s Franchisees; and 4. Any criminal conduct by Licensee or any of Licensee s Franchisees
while on Retailer s property or in relation to Licensee s performance under this Agreement. C. Licensee s obligation to indemnify, defend,
and hold harmless the Indemnitees under this Section 8 is independent of, and not limited by, any of Licensee s obligations under Section 9, below, even if damages or benefits are payable under worker s compensation or other statutes or if
Licensee breaches its obligations under this Section 8. D. Licensee waives any right, at law or in equity, to indemnity or contribution from the
Indemnitee, except as provided in Section 8F, below. E. Retailer shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Licensee, Licensee s Franchisees, and
Licensee s affiliates, subsidiaries, successors and assigns, officers, directors, agents and employees against all Claims for property damage and personal injury, including death, suffered, incurred, or asserted by any person arising solely out
of an act or omission by Retailer, arising out of operations of the Store in which a Kiosk is located, or both. Retailer is not liable to Licensee or Licensee s Franchisees, affiliates, subsidiaries, successors and assigns, officers, and
directors, for any lost profits. F. Indemnitee will not be liable to Licensee, nor to any of Licensee s Franchisees, for any Claim relating to the
negligence, willful misconduct, or intentional or criminal conduct of any of Licensee s customers or Franchisees. G. Each party receiving notice,
from whatever source, of an Indemnified Claim shall upon receipt of such notice: (1) Notify the Indemnitee, as soon as is commercially
practical, of the assertion, filing, or service of any Indemnified Claim; and (2) Immediately take all appropriate actions necessary to
protect and defend the party that must be indemnified, defended, and held harmless under this Agreement against the Indemnified Claim. H. Licensee shall
cause the counsel engaged to defend the Indemnitee with respect to the Indemnified Claim to acknowledge receipt of, to accept, and to represent Indemnitee s interest regarding the Indemnified Claim in accordance with Wal-Mart s
Outside Counsel Guidelines. 
 5 

(1) If, in its sole discretion, the Indemnitee determines that a conflict of interest exists between the
Indemnitee and the indemnifying counsel or that the indemnifying counsel is not pursuing a defense for the Indemnitee that is in the Indemnitee s best interests, the Indemnitee may request that Licensee replace the indemnifying counsel.
 (2) Licensee may not unreasonably withhold its consent to replace the indemnifying counsel and will replace the indemnifying counsel timely
or cause the indemnifying counsel to be replaced timely. (3) If Licensee unreasonably withholds consent or the indemnifying counsel is not
timely replaced after the Indemnitee requested, the Indemnitee may replace the indemnifying counsel, and Licensee will reimburse the Indemnitee any costs incurred by the Indemnitee in replacing the counsel. I. This Section 8 survives the termination or expiration of this Agreement until applicable law fully and finally bars all Claims against the Indemnitee. ALL OBLIGATIONS
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE ENFORCED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE INDEMNITEES. In the event that applicable law affects the validity or enforceability of this Section 8, then the applicable law will
operate to amend this Section 8 to the minimum extent necessary to bring the provisions into conformity with the applicable law. This Section 8, as modified, will continue in full force and effect. J. Any failure by Licensee to comply with this Section 8 is a material breach of this Agreement, which does not relieve Licensee of its obligations under this Section 8.
 9. Insurance. A. Licensee and Licensee s
Franchisees shall procure and maintain during the Initial Term and any renewal term of this Agreement, at no expense to Retailer, the following insurance coverage: (1) Worker s Compensation insurance with statutory limits, or if no statutory limits exist, with minimum limits of five hundred thousand dollars 500,000) per occurrence, and Employer s Liability coverage
with minimum limits of 500,000), for each employee for bodily injury by accident and for each employee for bodily injury by disease. Licensee and Licensee s Franchisees shall cause Insurer (as defined below) to issue an endorsement providing
stopgap insurance in monopolistic states in which a Kiosk may be located. (2) Commercial General Liability insurance with a two million
dollar 2,000,000) minimum limit per occurrence for each Store in which a Kiosk is located or with per location aggregate limits for each Store in which a Kiosk is located. This Commercial General Liability policy may not contain an exclusion for
contractual liability assumed by Licensee in this Agreement unless such coverage is provided by a separate policy with minimum limits equal to the Commercial General Liability insurance limits designated in the preceding sentence. B. Licensee and Licensee s Franchisees may satisfy the minimum limits required in Section 9A(1) and Section 9A(2) by procuring and maintaining Umbrella/Excess
Liability insurance on an umbrella basis, in excess over, and no less broad than the primary liability coverage; with the same inception and expiration dates as the primary liability coverage it is in excess of; with minimum limits necessary to
satisfy the required primary minimum limits; and which drop down for any exhausted aggregate limits of the primary liability coverage. Licensee and Licensee s Franchisees shall cause Insurer (as defined below) to issue an
endorsement to any policy Licensee or Licensee s Franchisees procures in satisfaction of its obligations in this paragraph providing per location per occurrence limits or with per location aggregate limits for each Store in which a Kiosk is
located and listing as Additional Insured the parties described below. 
 6 

C. Licensee and Licensee s Franchisees shall procure and maintain all insurance policies required in this Section 9
from an insurance carrier with a rating of B+ or better and a financial Size Category rating of VII or better, as rated in the A.M. Best Key Rating Guide for Property and Casualty Insurance Companies (the Insurer ). D. Additional Insureds are Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., its Subsidiaries and its Affiliates, and the directors, officers, shareholders, employees, agents, and representatives,
and the respective successors and assigns of each, and any party Retailer has a contractual obligation to indemnify for Claims in connection with the Store. E. All insurance policies required by this Section 9 must be primary, not in excess, and non-contributory. F. Upon Retailer s request,
Licensee shall submit to Retailer Certificates of Insurance and endorsements evidencing Licensee s and Licensee s Franchisees compliance with this Section 9. (1) All Certificates of Insurance must show as Certificate Holder Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates at 1300 S.E. 8th
Street, Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-0850. (2) All Certificates of Insurance and endorsements must show Licensee or Licensee s
Franchisee as the Named Insured. G. Failure to comply with this Section 9 is a material breach of this Agreement. Licensee shall indemnify, defend, and
hold harmless the Indemnitees against any Indemnified Claim that the required insurance would have covered but for Licensee s breach. 10.
Equipment. Retailer is neither responsible nor liable for any injury or damage to any person or property resulting from the use, misuse, or failure of any equipment Licensee or Licensee s Franchisees use even if Retailer furnishes, rents,
or loans the equipment to Licensee or Licensee s Franchisees. A. The acceptance or use of equipment furnished, rented, or loaned to Licensee or
Licensee s Franchisees by Retailer is an acceptance by Licensee of full responsibility for any Claim. B. Licensee shall indemnify, defend, and hold
harmless the Indemnitees in accordance with Section 8, above, against any Claims in connection with the equipment that Retailer furnishes, rents, or loans to Licensee or Licensee s Franchisees. 11. Customer Service and Record Ownership A. Licensee shall conduct
or cause to be conducted by a third party at least two (2) random personal visits of each Kiosk during the applicable Tax Season to ensure compliance with all Licensee s and Retailer s rules and regulations; and shall provide Retailer with
a summary of each visit no later than thirty (30) days following the applicable visit. B. Licensee shall promptly respond, resolve, or both, all customer
complaints related to the Promotion. C. All files and information related to Licensee s and Licensee s Franchisee s customers remain the
property of Licensee. 12. Taxes and Permitting A.
Licensee shall determine whether a sales tax number is required to conduct the Promotion and which, if any, federal, state, and local licenses and permits are required to conduct the Promotion and shall secure, at no cost to Retailer all such sales
tax numbers and all applicable licenses and permits as may be required. 
 7 

(1) Licensee shall not use any of Retailer s sales tax numbers or licenses and permits. 
 (2) Licensee s Franchisees shall not use any of Retailer s sales tax numbers or licenses and permits. B. Licensee shall pay all appropriate tax liabilities levied upon its operation of the Promotion. 13. Use of Name A. Licensee shall not use Retailer s trade names, trademarks, service names, service marks, or
logos without the prior written consent of Retailer. Neither Licensee nor Licensee s Franchisees may list Retailer as a customer in any press releases, advertisements, trade shows, posters, reference lists, or similar public announcements
without Retailer s prior, written permission. The foregoing notice and approval procedures do not apply to required government filings, including, without limitation, filings with the Securities Exchange Commission, Federal Trade Commission or
state franchise agencies, or communications with financial analysts, as long as such communications are not derogatory with respect to the other party or its parents, affiliates, or subsidiaries. B. Retailer shall only use Licensee s name to advertise the fact that Licensee is engaged in the Promotion at participating Stores, but Retailer is not obligated to
advertise the fact that Licensee is engaged in the Promotion at participating Stores. 14. Default and Termination. A. Each of the following constitutes an Event of Default under this Agreement. (1) A material breach of this Agreement that remains uncured more than fifteen (15) days after the non-breaching party notifies the breaching party, in writing, of the breach. (2) A non-material breach of this Agreement that remains uncured more than thirty (30) days after the non-breaching party notifies the breaching party, in
writing, of the breach. (3) Any action by Licensee or Licensee s Franchisee that Retailer, in its reasonable discretion, determines
constitutes unprofessional conduct, that may harm Retailer s reputation, or that may result in or do result in criminal charges against Licensee, Licensee s Franchisees, or both. (4) Any failure by Licensee or by Licensee s Franchisees to staff a Kiosk with at least one (1) appropriately trained person for at least three (3)
consecutive days at any time after any part of the Kiosk is installed on the floor (even if the Kiosk is not fully operational), or if Retailer relocates Licensee after any part of the Kiosk is installed on the floor, any failure by Licensee or by
Licensee s Franchisees to staff a Kiosk with at least one (1) appropriately trained person for at least three (3) consecutive days after any part of the Kiosk is installed in the new location (even if the Kiosk is not fully operational).
 (5) Either party becomes insolvent or bankrupt, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors,
consents to the appointment of a trustee or receiver, or ceases paying its debt in the ordinary course as they become due or becomes insolvent. (6) A trustee or receiver is appointed for a substantial part of the properties of either party and the appointment is not dismissed within thirty (30) days. (7) Bankruptcy reorganization, arrangement, or liquidation proceedings instituted by or against either party, and if against that party, are consented to or are not dismissed within thirty (30) days. B. Except as set forth in the next sentence, upon an Event of Default, the non-defaulting party may terminate this Agreement in its entirety or as to a particular Kiosk
by providing written notice to the defaulting party ten (10) days prior to the effective termination date. Upon an Event of a Default arising from the breach of Sections 4, 5 or 6 of this Agreement, the non-defaulting party may terminate this
Agreement only with respect to the particular Kiosk by providing written notice to the defaulting party ten (10) days prior to the effective termination date. 
 8 

C. Licensee may terminate this Agreement in its entirety or as to one or more Kiosks upon written notification of the
termination by Licensee to Retailer no later than February 20th of the applicable Tax season. However, Licensee remains liable to Retailer for all applicable License Fees, Commission Rent, and any other payment due Retailer from Licensee or
Licensee s Franchisee under this Agreement. D. Either party may terminate this Agreement, without cause, anytime between the last day of Tax Season
and May 1st preceding the applicable Tax Season upon written notice to the other party. E. If Licensee s Franchisee fails to enter into an agreement
with Licensee under which Licensee s Franchisee is obligated to conduct the Promotion at a particular Store on the Final List, Licensee may elect to be released from its obligations under this Agreement as to the particular Store only provided
that Licensee notify Retailer, in writing, of the failure and of its election on the later of either September 19th of the year preceding the applicable Tax Season or three (3) weeks after the date this Agreement is executed by both Retailer and
Licensee. F. If this Agreement terminates as a result of an Event of Default or in accordance with Section 14C or Section 14D, above, Licensee and
Licensee s Franchisees will remove all Kiosks, equipment, and property from the Store in which the Kiosk was located and to which this Agreement was terminated within three (3) weekdays following the effective date of the termination.
 G. Termination of this Agreement in its entirety terminates each license granted. Termination of this Agreement as to a particular Kiosk terminates the
license as to that Kiosk. H. At the expiration of each applicable Tax Season, Licensee and Licensee s Franchisees shall remove all Kiosks, equipment,
and property from seventy five percent (75 of the Stores in which a Promotion was conducted during the applicable Tax Season within the first three (3) weekdays following end of the applicable Tax Season and shall remove all Kiosks, equipment, and
property from the remaining twenty five percent (25 of the Stores in which a Promotion was conducted during the applicable Tax Season within the first five (5) weekdays following the end of the applicable Tax Season. (1) Retailer is not responsible for any costs to Licensee or to Licensee s Franchisees incurred in the removal of equipment and property as required
in the preceding paragraph. (2) In the event that any equipment or property is not removed in accordance with Section 10B, Retailer may
consider any equipment or property abandoned and may dispose of the equipment and property by any reasonable means necessary to free the space; Retailer may charge Licensee for any costs thereby incurred. 15. Audit. A. Retailer, at its own expense, may audit such books and
records of Licensee and Licensee s Franchisees as necessary to determine the number of Tax Returns prepared at each Kiosk or to determine the gross revenue generated at each Kiosk, but shall not have access to or be entitled to review any
taxpayer information. B. Retailer shall notify Licensee of Retailer s election to audit Licensee s and Licensee s Franchisees books in
accordance with the preceding paragraph seven (7) days prior to the audit. 
 9 

C. All audit conducted by Retailer or by Retailer s agents, employees, and representatives, must be conducted during
Licensee s regular business hours, at the location such records are maintained, and may not be conducted during any Tax Season. 16. Limitation of
Liability. A. E XCEPT FOR R ETAILER S O BLIGATIONS UNDER 
S ECTION 8, ABOVE , THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY , IF ANY , OF R ETAILER FOR ALL 
 DAMAGES RELATED TO A BREACH OF THIS A GREEMENT IS LIMITED TO AN 
 AMOUNT NOT TO EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT L ICENSEE OWES UNDER THIS 
A GREEMENT FOR THE T AX S EASON IN WHICH THE BREACH OCCURS . I N NO 
 EVENT , AND REGARDLESS OF WHICH THEORY OF LAW L ICENSEE SEEKS DAMAGES ,
 WILL R ETAILER BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT , PUNITIVE , EXEMPLARY , INCIDENTAL ,
 CONSEQUENTIAL , OR SPECIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING , WITHOUT LIMITATION , LOST PROFITS , LOST 
 INCOME , LOST REVENUES , BUSINESS INTERRUPTION , OR LOST BUSINESS ARISING FROM 
 (i) THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE P ARTIES INCLUDING ALL PRIOR DEALINGS AND 
A GREEMENTS ), (ii) THE CONDUCT OF BUSINESS UNDER THIS A GREEMENT , (iii) BREACH OR 
 TERMINATION OF THIS A GREEMENT , OR (iv) BUSINESS RELATIONS BETWEEN THE P ARTIES EVEN 
 IF THE P ARTIES ADVISED EACH OTHER OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES .
L ICENSEE AGREES THAT L ICENSEE S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY , IN LAW OR IN 
 EQUITY , TO RECOVER DAMAGES IS DEFINED BY THIS A GREEMENT AND FURTHER 
 LIMITED BY THIS P ARAGRAPH . B. Licensee expressly agrees Retailer is not liable to
Licensee s Franchisees for any breach of this Agreement and further agrees that Retailer s liability to Licensee s Franchisees, if any, is limited by the preceding paragraph. C. E XCEPT FOR L ICENSEE S I NDEMNIFICATION O BLIGATIONS 
 UNDER S ECTION 8 AND I NSURANCE O BLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 9, ABOVE , THE MAXIMUM 
 LIABILITY , IF ANY , OF L ICENSEE TO R ETAILER FOR ALL DAMAGES RELATED TO 
 A BREACH OF THIS A GREEMENT IS LIMITED TO TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS 10,000)
 FOR EACH S TORE IN WHICH A P ROMOTION IS CONDUCTED THAT IS AFFECTED 
 BY THE BREACH . I N NO EVENT , AND REGARDLESS OF WHICH THEORY OF 
 LAW R ETAILER SEEKS DAMAGES , WILL L ICENSEE BE L IABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT ,
 PUNITIVE , EXEMPLARY , INCIDENTAL , OR SPECIAL DAMAGES , INCLUDING BUSINESS INTERRUPTION , ARISING 
 FROM I THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES INCLUDING ALL PRIOR DEALINGS 
 AND AGREEMENTS ), II THE CONDUCT OF BUSINESS UNDER THIS A GREEMENT , III BREACH OR TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT , OR IV BUSINESS RELATIONS BETWEEN 
 THE PARTIES EVEN IF THE PARTIES ADVISED EACH OTHER OF THE POSSIBILITY 
 OF SUCH DAMAGES . R ETAILER AGREES THAT R ETAILER S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY , IN 
 LAW OR IN EQUITY , TO RECOVER DAMAGES ID DEFINED BY THIS A GREEMENT 
 AND FURTHER LIMITED BY THIS PARAGRAPH . 17. Compliance.
 A. Licensee shall comply, and shall cause Licensee s Franchisees to comply, with all federal, state, and local laws, rules, orders, directives,
and regulations pertaining to its operations within the Stores including, but not limited to and as amended, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, 29 U.S.C. 621, et seq.; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C.
 12101, et seq.; the Child Labor Act, 29 U.S.C. 212, et seq.; the Civil Rights Act of 1964, et seq.; the Economic Dislocation and Worker Adjustment Act, 29 U.S.C. 565, et seq.; the Employee Polygraph Act of 1988, 29 U.S.C.
 2001, et seq., the Equal Pay Act of 1963, 29 U.S.C. 201, et seq.; the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, 29 U.S.C. 201, et seq.; the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. 2601, et seq.; the Immigration Reform and
Control Act of 1986, 8 U.S.C. 1324a, et seq.; the Older Worker Benefit Protection Act, 29 U.S.C. 621, et seq.; and the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986, 29 U.S.C. 623, et seq.; and all other applicable laws, statutes, and
regulations. 
 10 

B. Retailer has absolutely no responsibility, obligation, or liability for the hiring and other employment practices of
Licensee and Licensee s Franchisees. Licensee warrants and represents that it and Licensee s Franchisees have a policy to: (1)
Comply in all respects with all immigration laws and regulations; (2) Properly maintain all records required by the United States
Citizenship and Immigration Services (the "USCIS") including, without limitation, the completion and maintenance of the Form I-9 for each party's employees; (3) Respond in a timely fashion to any inspection requests related to such I-9 Forms; (4) Cooperate fully in
all respects with any audit, inquiry, inspection, or investigation the USCIS may conduct of such party or any of its employees; (5) Conduct
annual audit of the I-9 Forms for its employees; (6) Promptly correct any defects or deficiencies the audit reveals; and (7) Require all subcontractors performing any work required by this Agreement to comply with the covenants set forth in this Section 17B. C. With respect to its business operations in the Kiosk, Licensee shall comply, and shall cause Licensee s Franchisees to comply, with the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, the Superfund Amendment and Reauthorization Act, the Resource Conservation Recovery Act, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, the Federal Environmental Pesticides Act, the Clean Water Act,
any federal, state, or local Superfund or Super Lien statute, or any other statute, law, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, order , or decree, including any amendments thereto, regulating, relating to, or imposing liability
(including strict liability), or standards of conduct concerning any Hazardous Substance or any escape, seepage, leakage, spillage, emission discharge, or release of any Hazardous Substance or material resulting from Licensee and Licensee s
Franchisees use, handling, management, storage, transportation and disposal of any Hazardous Substance in, about, or under the Store in which a Kiosk is located. D. Licensee shall comply, and shall cause Licensee s Franchisees to comply, with the provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act ADA in complying with its obligations under this Agreement. E. Licensee represents and warrants that neither it nor, to the best of its knowledge, Licensee s Franchisees are: (1) A person or entity designated by the U.S. Government on the list of the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (the SDN List ),
as maintained by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC at http://www.ustreas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/sdn, with which a U.S. person or entity cannot deal with or otherwise engage in business
transactions; (2) A person or entity who is otherwise the target of U.S. economic sanctions and trade embargoes enforced and administered by
OFAC, such that a U.S. person or entity cannot deal or otherwise engage in business transactions with Licensee and Licensee s Franchisees; (3) Either wholly or partly owned or wholly or partly controlled by any person or entity on the SDN List, including without limitation by virtue of such person being a director or owning voting shares or interests in an entity on the SDN
List; (4) A person or entity acting, directly or indirectly, for or on behalf of any person or entity on the SDN List; or 
 11 

(5) A person or entity acting, directly or indirectly, for or on behalf of a foreign government that is
the target of the OFAC sanctions regulations such that the entry into this Agreement would be prohibited under U.S. law. F. Licensee shall, and shall
cause Licensee s Franchisees to, inquire diligently into and screen the qualifications of each employee, agent, or representative operating out of the Stores, and no one that may pose a reasonably ascertainable risk to the safety or property of
Wal-Mart or its Associates, customers, or business invitees is permitted on Wal-Mart property. For purposes of this paragraph, inquire diligently into and screen means conducting a criminal background check in accordance with federal and
state law, properly checking references, and using such other methods to determine qualifications that a reasonable and prudent employer might utilize under the circumstances. Also, risk means any propensity to engage in violence, sex
crimes, fraud, theft, vandalism, or any other conduct likely to result in harm to a person or property. Failure to comply with this provision constitutes a material breach of this Agreement. G. Licensee and Licensee s Franchisees, and any agent, employee, or representative of either Licensee or Licensee s Franchisees, should remove immediately from
the Store any merchandise purchased from Retailer. (1) Licensee and Licensee s Franchisees, and any agent, employee, or representative
of either Licensee or Licensee s Franchisees, may not bring into the Kiosk any merchandise purchased from Retailer unless the
merchandise is purchased for use by Licensee and Licensee s Franchisees, and any agent, employee, or representative of either Licensee or Licensee s Franchisees, in the operation of its business in the Kiosk or unless the merchandise is
purchased for immediate consumption by Licensee or Licensee s Franchisees, or by any agent, employee, or representative of either Licensee or Licensee s Franchisees. (2) Licensee and Licensee s Franchisees, and any agent, employee, or representative of either Licensee or Licensee s Franchisees, must keep a receipt for the merchandise purchased with the merchandise at all times while the merchandise is in
either the Kiosk or the Store. (3) No merchandise for which Licensee or Licensee s Franchisees, or any agent, employee, or
representative of either Licensee or Licensee s Franchisees, has not paid may be removed from the Store or brought into the Kiosk. (4)
Any purchase by Licensee and Licensee s Franchisees, and any agent, employee, or representative of either Tenant or Sublessee, is subject to search according to Retailer s security procedures applicable to other customers of Retailer. Any
one removing, or involved in the removal of, merchandise, either from the Store or into the Kiosk, without first paying for the merchandise may be trespassed from the Store or all of Retailer s property, may be treated as a shoplifter, or both.
Shoplifters may be subject to prosecution. H. Retailer shall provide Licensee with a copy of the Wal-Mart Licensee Handbook Handbook ), and
Licensee shall comply and shall ensure that Licensee s Franchisees, and the Franchisees of Licensee s Franchisees comply with the Handbook. (1) Licensee shall ensure that Licensee s Franchisees conducting the Promotion, and that the Franchisees of Licensee s Franchisees conducting the Promotion, are sufficiently trained and appropriately
qualified to conduct the Promotion consistent with the first-class operations and facilities of Retailer. (2) Licensee shall ensure that
Licensee s Franchisees and the Franchisees of Licensee s Franchisees, are appropriately attired and groomed and that each maintains a pleasant and courteous attitude toward customers. 
 12 

(3) Licensee will reassign any of Licensee s employees and will require
Licensee s Franchisees to reassign a Franchisee employee, as applicable, at Retailer s request. (4) Retailer, in
its sole judgment and discretion, may deny entry to or remove from its premises Licensee and Licensee s Franchisees, or any agent, employee, or representative of either Licensee or Licensee s Franchisees, who violates any of
Retailer s rules or regulations. 18. Miscellaneous A. Financial Services . Licensee covenants and warrants that neither it nor Licensees Franchisees, affiliates, subsidiaries, or assigns, will directly offer any financial services in any Store to Retailer s customers or shoppers
other than the services that are provided as part of the Promotion, including the ancillary products listed on Exhibit A. Despite the preceding sentence, where allowed by law, Licensee may contact any of its clients outside of any Store about the
client s interest in financial services and may offer, in the course of the Promotion, its refund settlement products including, without limitation, refund anticipation loans, refund anticipation checks, and IRA s. Any breach of this
Section is a material breach of this Agreement. B. Independent Contractor . The relationship created between the parties by this Agreement is that
of independent contractor, and except as set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, neither party has the right to direct and control the day-to-day operations of the other or to create or assume any obligation on behalf of the other party for any
purpose whatsoever. Nothing in this Agreement constitutes the parties as partners, join venturers, co-owners, or otherwise as participants in a joint or common undertaking. Neither party owns the assets, customers, or business of the other. Except
as set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, each party is solely responsible for that parties financial obligations associated with the party s business. C. Exclusivity . Retailer has or may have relationships with other business, persons, or entities, engaged in providing services and products similar to or competitive with the Promotion; Licensee has or may have relationships with
other retailers to provide tax return preparation services at or from locations operated by such other retailers. Licensee and Retailer agree that neither Retailer s relationship with such other tax return preparation businesses, nor
Licensee s relationship with such other retailers, gives rights of any kind to the other party. Despite the previous sentence, Retailer will not allow any person or entity other than Licensee to conduct the Promotion at any Store in which a
Kiosk is located. D. Assignment . The license granted by this Agreement is personal to Licensee and is not assignable, except to Franchisees of
Licensee operating under a separate franchise agreement. Any attempt by Licensee or by a franchisee of Licensee to assign, encumber, or otherwise transfer the license granted by this Agreement terminates the privileges granted by the license under
this Agreement. E. Authority . Each Retailer enters into this Agreement severally and solely as to the Store it operates and in which the Kiosk is
located and without any obligation with respect to any other Store. Accordingly, only the respective Retailer that operates the Store in which such Kiosk is located may execute, for a Kiosk, an Attachment A. F. Entire Agreement . This Agreement (together with the Annexes, schedules, exhibits, amendments, addendums hereto) constitutes the entire agreement of the
parties, and supersedes all prior agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, among the parties, with respect to the subject matter hereof. G.
 Notice . Any notice required by this Agreement must be in writing and delivered either by hand; by commercial courier; or by placing notice in the U.S. mail, certified mail, return receipt requested, properly addressed and with sufficient
postage. 
 13 

(1) Notice is deemed received on delivery if by hand; one (1) business day (Monday through Friday)
after deposit with the commercial courier, provided deposit is done timely so as to effect next business day delivery, if by commercial courier; or three (3) business days after placing the notice in the U.S. mail, properly addressed and with
sufficient postage for certified mail, return receipt requested. (2) Notice intended for Licensee must be sent to Jackson Hewitt Inc. 3
Sylvan Way, Box 264, Parsippany, NJ 07054, Attn: Vice President, Partnership and Program Management, with a copy to Jackson Hewitt Inc., 3 Sylvan Way, Box 264, Parsippany, NJ 07054, Attn: General Counsel. (3) Notice intended for Retailer must be sent to: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Other Income, 1300 SE 8th Street, Bentonville, AR 72716-0850, with a copy to:
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Wal-Mart Stores Division Legal, Office of the General Counsel, 702 SW 8th Street, Bentonville, AR 72716-0185. H.
 Governing Law . The parties mutually acknowledge and agree that this Agreement, and any property or tort disputes between the parties, will be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Arkansas, without regard to the
internal law of Arkansas regarding conflicts of law. The parties mutually acknowledge and agree that they shall not raise in connection therewith, and hereby waive, any defenses based upon venue, inconvenience of forum or lack of personal
jurisdiction in any action or suit brought in accordance with the foregoing. I. Jurisdiction and venue . For any suit, action, or legal proceeding
arising from this Agreement or from any property or tort dispute between the parties, the parties exclusively consent and submit to the jurisdiction and venue of the state courts of Arkansas situated in Benton County, Arkansas or the federal courts
situated in the Western District of Arkansas. The parties acknowledge that they have read and understand this clause and willingly agree to its terms. [signature page to follow] 
 14 

Signed: 

Witness: 

Landlord: 

/s/ Taylor Smith 

June 23, 2008 
 
 Attest: 

Taylor Smith 

Date 

Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. 

Witness: 

Landlord: 

/s/ Taylor Smith 

June 23, 2008 
 
 Attest: 

Taylor Smith 

Date 

Wal-Mart Stores East, LP 

Witness: 

Landlord: 

/s/ Taylor Smith 

June 23, 2008 
 
 Attest: 

Taylor Smith 

Date 

Wal-Mart Stores Texas, LLC 

Witness: 

Landlord: 

/s/ Taylor Smith 

June 23, 2008 
 
 Attest: 

Taylor Smith 

Date 

Wal-Mart Louisiana, LLC 

Signed: 

Witness: 

Licensee: 

/s/ Drew Gattuso 

June 16, 2008 

Signature 

Date 
 
 Attest: 

Drew Gattuso 

Printed Name 

15 

Exhibit A Products IRS Direct allows Jackson Hewitt customers to receive their refund directly from the IRS via
direct deposit to their bank account in 8 to 15 days, or have their refund check mailed to them in 21 to 28 days. The IRS Direct option is free with paid income tax preparation. Assisted Refund financial product that allows Jackson Hewitt customers to receive the amount of
their federal tax refund, less fees, within 8-15 days. The customer may choose to have the refund proceeds deposited directly into their bank account, or disbursed via a check or the ipower 
 card. Assisted Refund / Bank Loan (AR / BL) financial product that allows Jackson Hewitt customers to apply for a reduced loan
of up to 1,000 of their federal tax refund, less fees, and get it in as little as one day. The customer will receive the balance of their tax refund as an Assisted Refund in 8-15 days. Refund Anticipation Loan (RAL) financial product that allows Jackson Hewitt customers to receive a
loan in the amount of their anticipated federal tax refund in as little as one day, less fees. Loan proceeds may be disbursed via a check or the ipower card. Money Now Loan financial product that allows Jackson Hewitt customers to receive a loan in the
amount of their anticipated federal tax refund in as little as one hour, less fees. Loan proceeds may be disbursed via a check or the ipower card. Flex Direct option for Jackson Hewitt customers who have a balance due where Jackson Hewitt can arrange to have any additional taxes a customer owes
transferred directly from their bank account to the IRS. Flex Plan option for Jackson Hewitt customers who have a balance due where Jackson
Hewitt can request an installment plan from the IRS on behalf of the customer to spread their payments out over time. IRS and other charges apply. Flex Credit option which allows a Jackson Hewitt customer to pay their balance due with their
VISA , MasterCard , American Express or Discover Card. Third-party fees apply. Gold
Guarantee Customers who purchase the Gold Guarantee will be reimbursed up to a total of 5,000 in additional tax liability or reduction in refund if a Jackson Hewitt tax
preparer makes an error preparing the customer s tax return. Jackson Hewitt ipower Card is a prepaid Visa card which may be used as a disbursement method for loan and non-loan proceeds. 
 
 16 

Exhibit B Tax Timeline Commitments for 2009 

START DATE 
 
 ACTION 
 
 END DATE 

4/2/08 
 
 Wal-Mart sends list of all stores that had no tax kiosk last year to tax companies. Tax Companies can send Wal- Mart one list of stores by 5-19-08 they are interested in pursuing for next year.
Wal-Mart will take this input into consideration when compiling the Phase 2 list. 
 
 4/2/08 

4/21/08 
 
 Wal-Mart sends OPSUSR email to stores with Tax Kiosk this year explaining Pre-Commitments for next year 
 
 4/21/08 

4/28/08 
 
 Tax Companies approach Store Managers in their existing kiosk locations to ask for a Pre-Commitment for next year 
 
 5/16/08 
 
 PHASE 1 

5/19/08 
 
 Tax Companies email Wal-Mart one complete list of all Pre-Committed stores for next year. 
 
 5/19/08 

5/20/08 
 
 Wal-Mart works on Phase 2 list 
 
 5/23/08 

5/26/08 
 
 Wal-Mart sends Tax Companies their specific stores they can approach for commitments. 
 
 5/26/08 

5/27/08 
 
 Tax Companies can approach stores on their list for commitments. 
 
 7/4/08 
 
 PHASE 2 

7/7/08 
 
 Tax Companies send Wal-Mart one list of all stores they have commitments for from the list Wal-Mart sent on 5-5-08. 
 
 7/7/08 

7/8/08 
 
 Wal-Mart works on compiling master Tax Commitment List and prepares an Open Season list of stores still un- committed. 
 
 7/11/08 

7/14/08 
 
 Wal-Mart sends Tax Companies an email explaining the "Rules of Engagement" for the next round of store visits. 
 
 7/14/08 

7/14/08 
 
 Wal-Mart sends OPSUSR email to stores with Phase 3 information 
 
 7/14/08 

7/21/08 
 
 Wal-Mart sends Open Season store list to all Tax Companies. 
 
 7/21/08 

7/22/08 
 
 Tax Companies solicit stores on Open Season list to get commitments for next year 
 
 8/29/08 
 
 PHASE 3 

9/1/08 
 
 Tax Companies send Wal-Mart one list of all stores they have commitments on from the Open Season list Wal- Mart sent on 7-21-07 
 
 9/1/08 

9/2/08 
 
 Wal-Mart works on FINAL LIST 
 
 9/5/08 

9/8/08 
 
 Wal-Mart sends each Tax Company their Final List according to Wal-Mart s book-keeping. 
 
 9/8/08 

9/9/08 
 
 Tax Companies compare their final list to Wal-Mart's final list. Tax Companies prepare one list to send to Wal-Mart of discrepancies. 
 
 9/12/08 

9/15/08 
 
 Send Wal-Mart one list of any discrepancies on Final List 
 
 9/15/08 

9/16/08 
 
 Wal-Mart works on Final List 
 
 9/19/08 

9/22/08 
 
 Wal-Mart sends Final List to Tax Companies 
 
 9/22/08 

11/1/08 
 
 All TELE-COM phone and data cables must be ran by this date or will have to wait until after 12-29-08 to be ran. 

1/2/09 
 
 Conduct Promotion 
 
 Last day of Tax Season 

17 

Exhibit C Approved Tax Locations (Attached) 
 18 

Exhibit D 2009 Licensee Fee Schedule 

Annual License Fee 

Supercenter Store 

6,700 
 
 Division 1 Store 

5,000 

Commission Rent 

# of Tax Returns 
 
 Supercenter Store 
 
 Division 1 Store 
 
 350-600 

600 

600 
 
 601-800 

1,200 

1,200 
 
 801-1000 

1,800 

1,800 
 
 1001-1200 

2,400 

2,400 
 
 1201-1400 

3,000 

3,000 
 
 1401 and above 

3,600 

3,400 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-10.26>
 4
 dex1026.htm
 FORM OF STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

Form of Stock Option Agreement 

Exhibit 10.26 JACKSON HEWITT TAX SERVICE INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2004 EQUITY AND INCENTIVE PLAN STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT This STOCK OPTION
AGREEMENT is effective as of [DATE OF GRANT] (the Grant Date ), between Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and the optionee specified on Exhibit A attached hereto and made a part hereof (the
 Optionee ). Pursuant to the Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. Amended and Restated 2004 Equity and Incentive Plan (the
 Plan ), the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Committee has determined that the Optionee is to be awarded, on the terms and conditions set forth herein, and on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Plan, an option (an Option to purchase shares of common stock of the Company as specified below, and hereby grants such Option. Capitalized terms used herein which are not defined in this Stock Option Agreement will
have the meanings set forth in the Plan. The Optionee acknowledges that he or she has received a copy of the Plan Prospectus. 1.
 Number of Shares and Purchase Price . The Optionee is hereby granted an Option to purchase the number of shares of common stock of
the Company specified on Exhibit A (the Option Shares at the Option Price per Share specified on Exhibit A, pursuant to the terms of this Stock Option Agreement and the provisions of the Plan. 2. Term of Option and Conditions of Exercise . (a) The Option has been granted as of the Grant Date and shall terminate on the Expiration Date specified on Exhibit A (which shall not exceed ten years from the Grant Date), subject to earlier termination as
provided herein and in the Plan. Upon the termination or expiration of the Option, all rights of the Optionee in respect of such Option hereunder shall cease. (b) Subject to the provisions of the Plan and this Stock Option Agreement, and so long as the Optionee continues to be employed by
the Company, the Option shall vest after one year from the Grant Date as to one-third of the Option Shares, after two years from the Grant Date as to two-thirds of the Option Shares and after three years from the Grant Date as to 100 of the Option
Shares (as set forth on Exhibit A). 3. Termination of Employment . (a) Except as provided in this Section 3, the Option may not be exercised following the Optionee s termination of
employment with the Company and its subsidiaries. (b) If the Optionee s termination of employment is due to any
reason other than (i) the Optionee s death; (ii) the Optionee becoming Disabled (as defined in the Optionee s employment agreement); (iii) a Without Cause Termination (as defined in the Optionee s employment agreement);
or (iv) a Constructive Discharge (as defined in the Optionee s employment agreement), then the Optionee shall have the right to exercise the Option during the period of twelve (12) months following such termination (subject to the
original expiration date of the Option). (c) If the Optionee s termination of employment is due to (i) the
Optionee s death; (ii) the Optionee becoming Disabled; (iii) a Without Cause Termination; or (iv) a Constructive Discharge, the Option will become immediately and fully vested and exercisable and the Optionee shall have the right
to exercise the Option during the period of twenty-four (24) months following such termination (subject to the original expiration date of the Option). 4. Exercise of Option . The Option may only be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Plan and
the administrative procedures established by the Company and/or the Committee from time to time. The exercise of the Option is subject to the Optionee making appropriate tax withholding arrangements with the Company in accordance with the terms
of the Plan and the administrative procedures established by the Company and/or the Committee from time to time. 

5. Adjustment upon Changes in Capitalization . The Option is subject to adjustment in the event of certain changes in the capitalization of the Company, to the extent set forth in Section 3 of the
Plan. 6. Miscellaneous . (a) Entire Agreement. This Stock Option Agreement and the Plan contain all of the understandings and agreements between the Company and the Optionee concerning the Option and supersedes all earlier
negotiations and understandings, written or oral, between the parties with respect thereto. The Company and the Optionee have made no promises, agreements, conditions or understandings, either orally or in writing, that are not included in this
Stock Option Agreement or the Plan. (b) Captions. The captions and section numbers appearing in this Stock
Option Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience. They do not define, limit, construe or describe the scope or intent of the provisions of this Stock Option Agreement. (c) Notices. Any notice or communication having to do with this Stock Option Agreement must be given by personal delivery
or by certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed, if to the Company or the Committee, to the attention of the General Counsel of the Company at the principal office of the Company and, if to the Optionee, to the Optionee s last known
address contained in the personnel records of the Company. (d) Succession and Transfer. Each and all of
the provisions of this Stock Option Agreement are binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Optionee and their respective estate, successors and assigns, subject to any limitations on transferability under applicable law or as set
forth in the Plan. (e) Governing Law . This Stock Option Agreement and the rights of all persons claiming
hereunder will be construed and determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to the choice of law principles thereof. (f) Blackout Periods . The Optionee acknowledges that, from time to time as determined by the Company in its sole
discretion, the Company may establish blackout periods during which this Option may not be exercised. The Company may establish a blackout period for any reason or for no reason. This Stock Option Agreement is made under and subject to the provisions of the Plan, and all of the provisions of the Plan are hereby incorporated by reference herein
as provisions of this Stock Option Agreement. If there is a conflict between the provisions of this Stock Option Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this Stock Option Agreement on the date and year first above written. 

JACKSON HEWITT TAX SERVICE INC. 

By: 

Michael C. Yerington 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Exhibit A 

 3 Sylvan Way Parsippany, NJ 07054 Effective [GRANT DATE], you have been granted an Option (the Option to buy shares of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. (the Company common stock with an exercise price equal to
 [ ] per share. The Option is granted pursuant to the Company s Amended and Restated 2004 Equity and Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Shares in each period will become vested on the dates shown below. 

Total # of Options 
 
 [Year 1] 
 
 [Year 2] 
 
 [Year 3] 
 
 Expiration 

By your signature and the Company s signature below, you and the Company agree that these Options are granted
under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement, all of which are attached and made a part of this document. 

Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. 

Date 

[OPTIONEE] 

Date 
 Note: If there are any discrepancies in the name or address shown above, please make the appropriate
corrections on this form. 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.27>
 5
 dex1027.htm
 FORM OF STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

Form of Stock Option Agreement 

Exhibit 10.27 JACKSON HEWITT TAX SERVICE INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2004 EQUITY AND INCENTIVE PLAN STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT This STOCK OPTION
AGREEMENT is effective as of [DATE OF GRANT] (the Grant Date ), between Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and the optionee specified on Exhibit A attached hereto and made a part hereof (the
 Optionee ). Pursuant to the Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. Amended and Restated 2004 Equity and Incentive Plan (the
 Plan ), the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Committee has determined that the Optionee is to be awarded, on the terms and conditions set forth herein, and on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Plan, an option (an Option to purchase shares of common stock of the Company as specified below, and hereby grants such Option. Capitalized terms used herein which are not defined in this Stock Option Agreement will
have the meanings set forth in the Plan. The Optionee acknowledges that he or she has received a copy of the Plan Prospectus. 1. Number of Shares and Purchase Price . The Optionee is hereby granted an Option to purchase the number of shares of common stock of the Company specified on Exhibit A (the Option Shares at the Option Price per
Share specified on Exhibit A, pursuant to the terms of this Stock Option Agreement and the provisions of the Plan. 2. Term of Option
and Conditions of Exercise . (a) The Option has been granted as of the Grant Date and shall terminate on the
Expiration Date specified on Exhibit A (which shall not exceed ten years from the Grant Date), subject to earlier termination as provided herein and in the Plan. Upon the termination or expiration of the Option, all rights of the Optionee in
respect of such Option hereunder shall cease. (b) Subject to the provisions of the Plan and this Stock Option
Agreement, and so long as the Optionee continues to be employed by the Company, the Option shall vest after one year from the Grant Date as to one-third of the Option Shares, after two years from the Grant Date as to two-thirds of the Option Shares
and after three years from the Grant Date as to 100 of the Option Shares (as set forth on Exhibit A). 3. Termination of
Employment . The Option may not be exercised following the Optionee s termination of employment with the Company
and its subsidiaries; provided, however, that the Optionee shall have the right to exercise the Option following any such termination of employment as follows: (i) during a period of twelve (12) months following the Optionee s
termination of employment for any reason whatsoever, other than death or Disability; or (ii) the period of twenty-four (24) months following the Optionee s termination of employment by reason of such Optionee s death or
Disability. 4. Exercise of Option . The Option may only be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the administrative procedures established by the Company and/or the Committee from time to time. The exercise of the Option is subject
to the Optionee making appropriate tax withholding arrangements with the Company in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the administrative procedures established by the Company and/or the Committee from time to time. 5. Adjustment upon Changes in Capitalization . The Option is subject to adjustment in the event of certain changes in the capitalization of the Company, to the extent set forth in Section 3 of the Plan. 

6. Miscellaneous . (a) Entire Agreement . This Stock Option Agreement and the Plan contain all of the understandings and agreements between
the Company and the Optionee concerning the Option and supersedes all earlier negotiations and understandings, written or oral, between the parties with respect thereto. The Company and the Optionee have made no promises, agreements, conditions
or understandings, either orally or in writing, that are not included in this Stock Option Agreement or the Plan. (b) Captions . The captions and section numbers appearing in this Stock Option Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience. They do not define, limit, construe or describe the scope or intent of the
provisions of this Stock Option Agreement. (c) Notices . Any notice or communication having to do with this
Stock Option Agreement must be given by personal delivery or by certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed, if to the Company or the Committee, to the attention of the General Counsel of the Company at the principal office of the Company
and, if to the Optionee, to the Optionee s last known address contained in the personnel records of the Company. (d) Succession and Transfer . Each and all of the provisions of this Stock Option Agreement are binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Optionee and their respective estate, successors and assigns,
subject to any limitations on transferability under applicable law or as set forth in the Plan. (e) Governing
Law . This Stock Option Agreement and the rights of all persons claiming hereunder will be construed and determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to the choice of law principles thereof.
 (f) Blackout Periods . The Optionee acknowledges that, from time to time as determined by the Company in
its sole discretion, the Company may establish blackout periods during which this Option may not be exercised. The Company may establish a blackout period for any reason or for no reason. This Stock Option Agreement is made under and subject to the provisions of the Plan, and all of the provisions of the Plan are hereby incorporated by reference herein
as provisions of this Stock Option Agreement. If there is a conflict between the provisions of this Stock Option Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this Stock Option Agreement on the date and year first above written. 

JACKSON HEWITT TAX SERVICE INC. 

By: 

Michael C. Yerington 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Exhibit A 

 3 Sylvan Way Parsippany, NJ 07054 Effective [GRANT DATE], you have been granted an Option (the Option to buy shares of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. (the Company common stock with an exercise price equal to
 [ ] per share. The Option is granted pursuant to the Company s Amended and Restated 2004 Equity and Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Shares in each period will become vested on the dates shown below. 

Total # of Options 
 
 [Year 1] 
 
 [Year 2] 
 
 [Year 3] 
 
 Expiration 

By your signature and the Company s signature below, you and the Company agree that these Options are granted
under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement, all of which are attached and made a part of this document. 

Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. 

Date 

[OPTIONEE] 

Date 
 Note: If there are any discrepancies in the name or address shown above, please make the appropriate
corrections on this form. 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 6
 dex1028.htm
 FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement 

Exhibit 10.28 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT (the
 Agreement is effective as of [ ] [ ], 200[ ] (the Grant
Date ), between Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and [PARTICIPANT] (the Participant ). Pursuant to the Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. Amended and Restated 2004 Equity and Incentive Plan (the Plan ), the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the
 Committee has determined that the Participant is to be granted a restricted stock award (the Restricted Stock Award ), on the terms and conditions set forth herein, and on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Plan, and hereby grants such Restricted Stock Award. Capitalized terms used herein which are not defined in this Agreement will have the meanings set forth in the Plan. The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has received a copy of the
Plan Prospectus. 1. Number of Restricted Shares . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the additional terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to the
Participant the Restricted Stock Award consisting of [ ] shares of the common stock of the Company (the Restricted Shares ). The Restricted Shares shall vest
and become nonforfeitable in accordance with Section 2 hereof. 2. Vesting of the Restricted Shares . (a) Subject to the Participant s continued service with the Company, the Restricted Shares shall vest and become nonforfeitable after
one year from the Grant Date as to one third of the Restricted Shares, after two years from the Grant Date as to two thirds of the Restricted Shares and after three years from the Grant Date as to 100 of the Restricted Shares. (b) If the Participant s service with the Company terminates or is terminated due to (i) the Participant s death;
(ii) the Participant becoming Disabled (as defined in the Participant s employment agreement); (iii) a Without Cause Termination (as defined in the Participant s employment agreement); or (iv) a Constructive Discharge (as
defined in the Participant s employment agreement), the Restricted Shares will become immediately and fully vested. If the Participant s service with the Company terminates or is terminated for any reason other than as set forth in the
preceding sentence, the Restricted Shares shall, to the extent not then vested, be forfeited by the Participant without consideration. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event a Change in Control occurs, the Restricted Shares shall, to the extent not then vested and not previously forfeited, immediately
become fully vested, subject to the terms of the Plan. 

3. Certificates for the Restricted Shares . The Restricted Shares shall be held in escrow in a restricted book entry account with the Company s transfer agent in the name of the Participant.
Upon vesting of the Restricted Shares, the Restricted Shares shall be released into an unrestricted book entry account with the Company s transfer agent; provided, however, that a portion of such Restricted Shares shall be surrendered in
payment of required withholding taxes in accordance with Section 10 below, unless the Company, in its sole discretion, establishes alternative procedures for the payment of required withholding taxes. 4. Rights as a Stockholder . The Participant shall be the record owner of the Restricted Shares until or unless such Restricted Shares are forfeited pursuant to Section 2 hereof, and as record owner shall be entitled to all rights of a common stockholder of the
Company, including, without limitation, voting rights with respect to the Restricted Shares, and the Participant shall receive, when paid, any dividends on all of the Restricted Shares granted hereunder as to which the Participant is the record
holder on the applicable record date; provided that the Restricted Shares shall be subject to the limitations on transfer and encumbrance set forth in Section 7. Following the vesting of any Restricted Shares pursuant to Section 2, you
have the right to request certificates for the Restricted Shares which have vested along with the stock powers relating thereto. However, the Company shall not be liable to the Participant for damages relating to any delays in issuing the
certificates to the Participant, any loss of the certificates, or any mistakes or errors in the issuance of the certificates or in the certificates themselves. 5. Legend on Certificates . The certificates representing the vested Restricted Shares
delivered to the Participant shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the Plan or the rules, regulations, and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any
stock exchange upon which the common stock of the Company is listed, and any applicable federal or state laws, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be put on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions.
 6. No Right to Continued Employment . The granting of the Restricted Shares evidenced by this Agreement shall impose no right upon the Participant to continue in the employ or service of the Company and shall not lessen or affect the Company s right
to terminate the employ or service of the Participant at any time. 7. Transferability . The Restricted Shares may not, at any time prior to becoming vested pursuant to Section 2, be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or
otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Participant (other than by the laws of descent and distribution) and any such purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against the
Company or any Affiliate. 
 2 

8. Authorization to Return Forfeited Shares . The Participant authorizes the Company or its designee to return to the Company all Shares of Restricted Stock which are forfeited pursuant to the
Agreement and the Plan. 9. Restricted Stock Award Subject to Plan . By entering into this Agreement the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant has received and read a copy of the Plan. The Restricted
Stock Award and the Restricted Shares granted hereunder are subject to the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between any term or
provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the Plan will govern and prevail. 10. Income Tax Consequences . (a) Withholding. The Participant may be required
to pay to the Company, and the Company shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold, any and all applicable withholding taxes in respect of the Restricted Shares, including (without limitation) such taxes that may arise upon the
Participant s making an election under Section 83(b) of the Code as described below or otherwise upon the vesting of such shares, and the Company may take such action as may be necessary in the opinion of the Committee to satisfy all
obligations for the payment of such withholding taxes. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, to the extent permitted by the Committee in its sole discretion, the Participant may satisfy, in whole or in part, the foregoing withholding
liability by delivering shares of common stock of the Company held by the Participant (which are not subject to any pledge or other security interest and which have been vested and held by the Participant for no less than six months, or such other
period as may be established from time to time by the Committee or United States generally accepted accounting principles) or by having the Company withhold from the number of Restricted Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant hereunder
Restricted Shares with a Fair Market Value not in excess of the statutory minimum withholding liability. The Participant shall promptly notify the Company of any election made pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code. (b) Section 83(b) Election . The Participant hereby acknowledges that the Participant has been informed that,
with respect to the Restricted Shares, an election may be filed by the Participant with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the IRS within 30 days of the Grant Date, electing pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code to be taxed
currently on the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares on the Grant Date. The Participant agrees to provide the Company with a copy of any election made pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code at the time of filing such election. 
 (c) Representations. The Participant has reviewed with the Participant s own tax advisors the federal, state,
local and foreign tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including any Section 83(b) election). The Participant is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any
of its agents. The Participant understands that the Participant (and not the Company) shall be responsible for any tax liability that may arise as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 3 

11. Securities Laws . Upon the vesting of any Restricted Shares, the Participant will make or enter into such written representations, warranties and agreements as the
Committee may reasonably request in order to comply with applicable securities laws or with this Agreement. 12. Miscellaneous .
 (a) Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Plan contain all of the understandings and agreements
between the Company and the Participant concerning the Restricted Stock Award and supersede all earlier negotiations and understandings, written or oral, between the parties with respect thereto. The Company and the Participant have made no
promises, agreements, conditions or understandings, either orally or in writing, that are not included in this Agreement or the Plan. (b) Captions. The captions and section numbers appearing in this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience. They do not define, limit, construe or describe the scope or intent of the
provisions of this Agreement. (c) Notices. Any notice or communication having to do with this Agreement must
be given by personal delivery or by certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed, if to the Company or the Committee, to the attention of the General Counsel of the Company at the principal office of the Company and, if to the Participant, to
the Participant s last known address contained in the personnel records of the Company. (d) Succession and
Transfer. Each and all of the provisions of this Agreement are binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Participant and their respective estate, successors and assigns, subject to any limitations on transferability under
applicable law or as set forth in the Plan. (e) Governing Law. This Agreement and the rights of all persons
claiming hereunder will be construed and determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to the choice of law principles thereof. (f) Resolution of Disputes. Any dispute or disagreement which may arise under, or as a result of, or in any way
relate to the interpretation, construction, or application of this Agreement shall be determined by the Committee. Any determination made hereunder shall be final, binding, and conclusive on Participant and the Company for all purposes. 
 (g) Signature in Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written
above. 

JACKSON HEWITT TAX SERVICE INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[PARTICIPANT] 

5 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.29>
 7
 dex1029.htm
 FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement 

Exhibit 10.29 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT (the
 Agreement is effective as of [ ] [ ], 200[_] (the Grant Date ),
between Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and [PARTICIPANT] (the Participant ). Pursuant to the Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. Amended and Restated 2004 Equity and Incentive Plan (the Plan ), the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the
 Committee has determined that the Participant is to be granted a restricted stock award (the Restricted Stock Award ), on the terms and conditions set forth herein, and on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Plan, and hereby grants such Restricted Stock Award. Capitalized terms used herein which are not defined in this Agreement will have the meanings set forth in the Plan. The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has received a copy of the
Plan Prospectus. 1. Number of Restricted Shares . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the additional terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to the
Participant the Restricted Stock Award consisting of [ ] shares of the common stock of the Company (the Restricted Shares ). The Restricted Shares shall vest
and become nonforfeitable in accordance with Section 2 hereof. 2. Vesting of the Restricted Shares . (a) Subject to the Participant s continued service with the Company, the Restricted Shares shall vest and become nonforfeitable after
one year from the Grant Date as to one third of the Restricted Shares, after two years from the Grant Date as to two thirds of the Restricted Shares and after three years from the Grant Date as to 100 of the Restricted Shares. (b) If the Participant s service with the Company terminates or is terminated for any reason, the Restricted Shares shall, to the
extent not then vested, be forfeited by the Participant without consideration. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement to the contrary, in the event a Change in Control occurs, the Restricted Shares shall, to the extent not then vested and not previously forfeited, immediately become fully vested, subject to the terms of the Plan. 3. Certificates for the Restricted Shares . The Restricted Shares shall be held in escrow in a restricted book entry account with the Company s transfer agent in the name of the Participant. Upon vesting of the Restricted Shares, the Restricted Shares
shall be released into an unrestricted book entry account with the Company s transfer agent; provided, however, that a portion of such Restricted Shares shall be surrendered in payment of required withholding taxes in accordance with
Section 10 below, unless the Company, in its sole discretion, establishes alternative procedures for the payment of required withholding taxes. 

4. Rights as a Stockholder . The Participant shall be the record owner of the Restricted Shares until or unless such Restricted Shares are forfeited pursuant to Section 2 hereof,
and as record owner shall be entitled to all rights of a common stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, voting rights with respect to the Restricted Shares, and the Participant shall receive, when paid, any dividends on all of the
Restricted Shares granted hereunder as to which the Participant is the record holder on the applicable record date; provided that the Restricted Shares shall be subject to the limitations on transfer and encumbrance set forth in Section 7.
Following the vesting of any Restricted Shares pursuant to Section 2, you have the right to request certificates for the Restricted Shares which have vested along with the stock powers relating thereto. However, the Company shall not be liable
to the Participant for damages relating to any delays in issuing the certificates to the Participant, any loss of the certificates, or any mistakes or errors in the issuance of the certificates or in the certificates themselves. 5. Legend on Certificates. The
certificates representing the vested Restricted Shares delivered to the Participant shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the Plan or the rules, regulations, and other
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any stock exchange upon which the common stock of the Company is listed, and any applicable federal or state laws, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be put on any such
certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. 6. No Right to Continued Employment . The granting of the Restricted Shares evidenced by this Agreement shall impose no right upon the Participant to continue in the employ or service of the
Company and shall not lessen or affect the Company s right to terminate the employ or service of the Participant at any time. 7.
 Transferability . The Restricted Shares may not, at any time prior to becoming vested pursuant to Section 2, be assigned,
alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Participant (other than by the laws of descent and distribution) and any such purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall
be void and unenforceable against the Company or any Affiliate. 8. Authorization to Return Forfeited Shares . The Participant authorizes the Company or its designee to return to the Company all Shares of Restricted Stock which are forfeited pursuant to the
Agreement and the Plan. 
 2 

9. Restricted Stock Award Subject to Plan . By entering into this Agreement the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant has received and read a copy of the Plan. The Restricted
Stock Award and the Restricted Shares granted hereunder are subject to the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between any term or
provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the Plan will govern and prevail. 10. Income Tax Consequences . (a) Withholding. The Participant may be required
to pay to the Company, and the Company shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold, any and all applicable withholding taxes in respect of the Restricted Shares, including (without limitation) such taxes that may arise upon the
Participant s making an election under Section 83(b) of the Code as described below or otherwise upon the vesting of such shares, and the Company may take such action as may be necessary in the opinion of the Committee to satisfy all
obligations for the payment of such withholding taxes. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, to the extent permitted by the Committee in its sole discretion, the Participant may satisfy, in whole or in part, the foregoing withholding
liability by delivering shares of common stock of the Company held by the Participant (which are not subject to any pledge or other security interest and which have been vested and held by the Participant for no less than six months, or such other
period as may be established from time to time by the Committee or United States generally accepted accounting principles) or by having the Company withhold from the number of Restricted Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant hereunder
Restricted Shares with a Fair Market Value not in excess of the statutory minimum withholding liability. The Participant shall promptly notify the Company of any election made pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code. (b) Section 83(b) Election . The Participant hereby acknowledges that the Participant has been informed that,
with respect to the Restricted Shares, an election may be filed by the Participant with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the IRS within 30 days of the Grant Date, electing pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code to be taxed
currently on the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares on the Grant Date. The Participant agrees to provide the Company with a copy of any election made pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code at the time of filing such election. 
 (c) Representations. The Participant has reviewed with the Participant s own tax advisors the federal, state,
local and foreign tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including any Section 83(b) election). The Participant is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any
of its agents. The Participant understands that the Participant (and not the Company) shall be responsible for any tax liability that may arise as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 3 

11. Securities Laws . Upon the vesting of any Restricted Shares, the Participant will make or enter into such written representations, warranties and agreements as the
Committee may reasonably request in order to comply with applicable securities laws or with this Agreement. 12. Miscellaneous. 
 (a) Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Plan contain all of the understandings and agreements
between the Company and the Participant concerning the Restricted Stock Award and supersede all earlier negotiations and understandings, written or oral, between the parties with respect thereto. The Company and the Participant have made no
promises, agreements, conditions or understandings, either orally or in writing, that are not included in this Agreement or the Plan. (b) Captions. The captions and section numbers appearing in this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience. They do not define, limit, construe or describe the scope or intent of the
provisions of this Agreement. (c) Notices. Any notice or communication having to do with this Agreement must
be given by personal delivery or by certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed, if to the Company or the Committee, to the attention of the General Counsel of the Company at the principal office of the Company and, if to the Participant, to
the Participant s last known address contained in the personnel records of the Company. (d) Succession and
Transfer. Each and all of the provisions of this Agreement are binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Participant and their respective estate, successors and assigns, subject to any limitations on transferability under
applicable law or as set forth in the Plan. (e) Governing Law. This Agreement and the rights of all persons
claiming hereunder will be construed and determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to the choice of law principles thereof. (f) Resolution of Disputes. Any dispute or disagreement which may arise under, or as a result of, or in any way
relate to the interpretation, construction, or application of this Agreement shall be determined by the Committee. Any determination made hereunder shall be final, binding, and conclusive on Participant and the Company for all purposes. 
 (g) Signature in Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written
above. 

JACKSON HEWITT TAX SERVICE INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[PARTICIPANT] 

5 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-21.1>
 8
 dex211.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

EXHIBIT 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 
 Jackson Hewitt Inc. 
 
 Virginia 
 
 Tax Services of America, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Hewfant, Inc. 
 
 Virginia 
 
 Jackson Hewitt Corporate Services Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Jackson Hewitt Technology Services LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 dex231.htm
 CONSENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by
reference in Registration Statements Nos. 333-116797 and 333-139147 on Form S-8 of our reports dated June 30, 2008, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. and subsidiaries (the
 Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10 - K of the Company for the year ended April 30, 2008. 

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 

Parsippany, New Jersey 

June 30, 2008 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 dex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Michael C.
Yerington, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the
registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

June 30, 2008 

/s/ MICHAEL C. YERINGTON 
 
 Michael C. Yerington 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 dex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Daniel P.
O Brien, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the
registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

June 30, 2008 

/s/ DANIEL P. O BRIEN 
 
 Daniel P. O Brien 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 dex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2008, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael C. Yerington, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
to the best of my knowledge, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ MICHAEL C. YERINGTON 
 
 Michael C. Yerington 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

June 30, 2008 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 dex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2008, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Daniel P. O Brien, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ DANIEL P. O BRIEN 
 
 Daniel P. O Brien 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 June 30, 2008 

</EX-32.2>

