<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20080226_10-K_edgar_data_1070750_0001193125-08-037704.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2991694</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>682612</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>229949</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1825551</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-08-037704.hdr.sgml : 20080226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20080225200138
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-08-037704
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20071231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20080226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20080225

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001070750
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				530085950
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14625
		FILM NUMBER:		08640938

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6903 ROCKLEDGE DR
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20817
		BUSINESS PHONE:		240-744-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		HOST MARRIOTT CORP
		STREET 2:		6903 ROCKLEDGE DR., SUITE 1500
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20817-1109

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HOST MARRIOTT CORP/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19981229

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HMC MERGER CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980921

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Cs4C8aSIBfYPT3wEQCQyYETObo9CPQUmq7s9NVgE8CltOJOHBtNtPdwmIwMqjTzL
 WWUOluZCIWZ/nfZw1CsDMw==

 0001193125-08-037704.txt : 20080226

10-K
 1
 d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

FORM 10-K 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2007 
 
 Commission file number 001-14625 
 HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Maryland 
 
 53-0085950 
 
 (State of Incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 6903 Rockledge Drive, Suite 1500, Bethesda, Maryland 
 
 20817 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 (240) 744-1000
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Common Stock, .01 par value (523,536,646 shares outstanding as of February 25, 2008) and Purchase share rights for Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock, .01 par value 
 
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
 Class E Preferred Stock, .01 par value (4,034,400 shares outstanding as of February 25, 2008) 
 
 New York Stock Exchange 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405
of the Securities Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (i) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(ii) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of
 accelerated filer and large accelerated filer in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of
shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 15, 2007 (based on the closing sale price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on June 15, 2007) was approximately 11,992,638,290. Documents Incorporated by Reference Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and delivered to stockholders in connection with its annual meeting of stockholders to be held on May 14, 2008 are
incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. 

Page 

Item 1. 

Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A 

Risk Factors 
 
 16 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 32 

Item 2. 

Properties 
 
 32 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 
 
 32 

Item 4. 

Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 
 
 32 

Part II 

Item 5. 

Market for our Common Stock and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 35 

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data 
 
 37 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion Analysis of Operations and Financial Conditions 
 
 38 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 75 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 77 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 117 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 
 
 117 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 
 
 117 

Part III 

Item 10. 

Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 
 117 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 
 
 118 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 118 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 
 118 

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 118 

Part IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 119 
 
 i 

Item 1. 
 Business Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. is a
Maryland corporation that operates as a self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust, or REIT. Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. owns properties and conducts operations through Host Hotels Resorts, L.P., a Delaware
limited partnership, of which Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. is the sole general partner and in which it holds approximately 97 of the partnership interests. In this report, we use the terms we or our to refer to Host
Hotels Resorts, Inc. and Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. together, unless the context indicates otherwise. We also use the term Host to specifically refer to Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. and the term Host
LP to refer to Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. (and its consolidated subsidiaries), in cases where it is important to distinguish between Host and Host LP. As of February 25, 2008, our lodging portfolio consisted of 119 luxury and upper upscale hotels containing approximately 63,900 rooms. Our portfolio is geographically diverse with hotels in most of the major
metropolitan areas in 26 states, Washington, D.C., Toronto and Calgary, Canada, Mexico City, Mexico and Santiago, Chile. Additionally, we own a 32.1 interest in a European joint venture that owns ten luxury and upper-upscale hotels located in
Italy, Spain, Poland, Belgium and the United Kingdom with approximately 3,200 rooms. The address of our principal executive office is 6903
Rockledge Drive, Suite 1500, Bethesda, Maryland, 20817. Our phone number is 240-744-1000. Where to Find Additional Information We maintain an internet website at: www.hosthotels.com. Through our website, we make available free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they
are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Additionally, at the Investor Relations section of our website, we have a Corporate
Governance page that includes, among other things, copies of our Bylaws, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Conflicts of Interest Policy for directors, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for employees, our Corporate Governance
Guidelines and the charters for each standing committee of our Board of Directors, which currently are: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Policy Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Copies of our Bylaws and these
charters and policies are also available in print to stockholders upon request to Host Hotels Resorts, Inc., 6903 Rockledge Drive, Suite 1500, Bethesda, Maryland 20817, Attn: Secretary. The Lodging Industry The lodging industry in the
United States consists of private and public entities that operate in an extremely diversified market under a variety of brand names. The lodging industry has several key participants: 

Owners own the hotel and typically enter into an agreement for an independent third party to manage the hotel. These properties may be branded and operated
under the manager s brand or branded under a franchise agreement and operated by the franchisee or by an independent hotel manager. The properties may also be operated as an independent hotel (unaffiliated with any brand) by an independent
hotel manager. Host operates as an owner of lodging properties. 

Owner/Managers own the hotel and operate the property with their own management team. These properties may be branded under a franchise agreement, operated as
an independent hotel (unaffiliated with any brand) or operated under the owner s brand. REITs are restricted from operating and managing hotels under applicable REIT laws. 

Franchisors own a brand or brands and strive to grow their revenues by expanding the number of hotels in their franchise system. Franchisors provide their
branded hotels with brand recognition, marketing support and centralized reservation systems. 
 1 

Franchisor/Manager own a brand or brands and also operate hotels on behalf of the hotel owner or franchisee. 

Manager operate hotels on behalf of the hotel owner, but do not, themselves, own a brand. The hotels may be operated under a franchise agreement or as an
independent hotel (unaffiliated with any brand). The hotel manager is responsible for the day-to-day operation of the
hotels, including the employment of hotel staff, the determination of room rates, the development of sales and marketing plans, the preparation of operating and capital expenditure budgets and the preparation of financial reports for the owner. They
typically receive fees based on the revenues and profitability of the hotel. Our industry is influenced by the cyclical relationship
between the supply of and demand for hotel rooms. Lodging demand growth typically is related to the vitality of the overall economy in addition to local market factors that stimulate travel to specific destinations. Between 2003 and 2007, broad
growth in the economy led to increases in demand. By contrast, slower economic growth and lower levels of capital investment typically slow the rate of demand growth for the lodging industry. We believe demand growth will be weaker in 2008,
consistent with the predicted decline in the growth rate of the U.S. economy. Lodging supply growth is generally driven by overall lodging
demand, as extended periods of strong demand growth tend to encourage new development. However, the rate of supply growth is also influenced by a number of additional factors including availability of capital, interest rates, construction costs and
unique market considerations. Additionally, the relatively long lead-time required to complete the development of hotels, while making supply growth relatively easier to forecast than demand growth, increases the volatility of the cyclical behavior
of the lodging industry. As a result, at different points in the cycle, demand and supply may increase or decrease in a dissimilar manner such that demand may increase when there is no new supply or supply may grow when demand is declining. As
lodging demand has strengthened, there has been an increase in the pace of new hotel construction from its cyclical lows. However, the majority of new projects scheduled for completion in the near-term are concentrated in the mid-scale and economy
segments, are outside of major urban markets, and generally have less than 200 rooms. Therefore, we do not expect most of the new hotel supply to directly compete with our core portfolio. We also believe the timing of certain of these projects may
be affected by increased building costs and the availability of financing, which may dampen the pace of new supply development beyond 2008. 
 2 

Revenue per available room (RevPAR) is an operational measure commonly used in the hotel industry to
evaluate hotel performance. RevPAR represents the product of the average daily room rate charged and the average daily occupancy achieved but excludes other revenue generated by a hotel property, such as food and beverage, parking, telephone and
other guest service revenues. The charts below detail the supply, demand and RevPAR growth for the U.S. lodging industry and for the luxury and upper upscale segment for 2003 to 2007 based on data provided by Smith Travel Research. U.S. Lodging Industry Supply, Demand and RevPAR Growth 

 Luxury and Upper Upscale Supply, Demand and RevPAR Growth 

3 

Business Strategy Our primary business objective is to provide superior total returns to our stockholders through a combination of appreciation in asset values and growth in earnings and dividends. To achieve this objective we seek to:

maximize the value of our existing portfolio through aggressive asset management, as described further below; 

acquire luxury and upper upscale hotels operated by leading management companies that are generally located in urban and resort/convention destinations;

maintain a capital structure and liquidity profile that has an appropriate balance of debt and equity and provides us with a lower cost of capital than many of our
competitors; 

diversify our portfolio holdings and revenue sources by creating investment funds and joint ventures; and 

dispose of non-core assets, including older hotels that are at a competitive risk or hotels that are located in slower-growth markets. 
 Asset Management. As the largest REIT owner of luxury and upper upscale properties in the U.S., we are in a
unique position to work with the managers of our hotels to increase revenues while minimizing operating costs. The size and composition of our portfolio and our affiliation with most of the leading operators and brands in the industry allow us to
benchmark similar hotels and identify best practices, value enhancement opportunities and efficiencies that can be communicated to our managers. We continue to evaluate key performance indicators to ensure an appropriate level of assistance is
provided to our managers to maximize opportunities at each asset. Areas of focus include enhancing revenue management for rooms, food and beverage and other services, reducing operating costs and identifying operating efficiencies, all of which
improve the long-term profitability of the hotel. Another key component of our asset management strategy is our capital expenditure
programs. These programs are designed to increase profitability by maximizing the value of our portfolio and maintaining our high standards for product quality, as well as those of our managers. We also continually explore opportunities to utilize
our properties, or a portion of our properties, for more valuable or profitable purposes. Our asset management and design and construction departments review potential capital improvements to ensure that each of our properties is in high quality
physical condition, highly competitive in the market and consistent with brand standards on a continuing basis. Our capital expenditures generally fall into three broad categories: renewal and replacement expenditures, return on investment (or
 ROI )/repositioning capital expenditures and value enhancement projects. Renewal and replacement capital
expenditures. We work closely with our managers to ensure that renewal and replacement expenditures are spent efficiently to maximize the profitability of the hotel. Typically, room refurbishments occur at intervals of
approximately seven years, but the timing may vary based on the type of property and equipment being replaced. These refurbishments generally are divided into the following types: soft goods, hard goods and infrastructure. Soft goods include items
such as carpeting, bed spreads, curtains and wall vinyl and may require more frequent updates to maintain brand quality standards. Hard goods include items such as dressers, desks, couches, restaurant and meeting room chairs and tables and are
generally not replaced as frequently. Infrastructure includes the physical plant of the hotel, including the roof, elevators, fa ade and fire systems, which are regularly maintained and then replaced at the end of their useful lives.
 ROI/repositioning capital expenditures. In addition, we pursue opportunities to enhance asset
value by completing selective capital improvements outside the scope of typical renewal and replacement capital expenditures. These projects include, for example, significant repositionings of guest rooms, lobbies or food and beverage platforms and
expanding ballroom, spa or conference facilities. In certain instances, these 
 
 4 

ROI/repositioning projects have coincided with the timing of regular maintenance cycles at the properties where we have used the opportunity to significantly
improve and upgrade the hotel. These projects are also designed to take advantage of changing market conditions and the favorable location of our properties. Examples of these projects include the completion of the 105,000 square foot exhibit hall
at the Orlando World Center Marriott, which opened in October 2007, and several significant projects at the Atlanta Marriott Marquis, including the construction of new food and beverage facilities, renovation of all existing break-out space and the
construction of a new 26,000 square foot ballroom. Value enhancement projects . We also will
continue to seek opportunities to enhance the value of our portfolio by identifying and executing strategies that maximize the highest and best use of all aspects of our properties, such as the development of timeshare or condominium units on excess
land. For example, we expect to begin the development of approximately 130 timeshare units on a beachfront parking lot at the Hyatt Regency Maui Resort and Spa during 2008. We also sold the Marriott Mountain Shadows Resort, which had been closed
since the fourth quarter of 2004, for 42 million in January 2007. As these projects typically require approvals from state or local regulatory agencies or other third parties, it can be difficult to predict the timing of these projects or
whether we will be able to achieve our value enhancement objectives. Acquisitions. Our acquisition
strategy focuses on luxury and upper upscale hotels both domestically and internationally. While recent acquisition opportunities have been limited, we continue to evaluate potential opportunities to acquire these hotels at attractive multiples of
cash flow and at discounts to replacement cost. Our acquisition strategy continues to focus on: 

properties with locations in markets with high barriers to entry for prospective competitors; 

properties operated under premium brand names; 

larger hotels that are consistent with our portfolio objectives and that may require investment on a scale that limits the number of potential buyers;

properties that further diversify our portfolio, both domestically and internationally; and 

acquisitions through various structures, including transactions involving portfolios or single asset transactions. Over the last five years, we have acquired 35 properties, including a portfolio of 25 domestic and three international properties from Starwood
Hotels Resorts Worldwide, Inc., Starwood on April 10, 2006 (collectively, the Starwood Portfolio ). We have also purchased properties through our European joint venture that was formed in 2006 and now owns 10
hotels in five countries. Domestically, we did not complete any acquisitions during 2007 due to several factors. During the first half of the year, increased demand for premium assets (particularly from private equity funds and other buyers as a
result of the availability of favorable debt financing) and continued strong lodging fundamentals caused significant upward pressure on asset prices. However, as the credit markets weakened in the second half of the year, favorable debt financing
was not available and few luxury and upper-upscale hotels were marketed to be sold. We continue to focus on asset purchases internationally through our European joint venture. For instance, our European joint venture in which we hold a 32.1 
interest, purchased the 262-room Renaissance Brussels Hotel, the 218-room Brussels Marriott and the 57-unit Marriott Executive Apartments in July 2007. Capital structure and liquidity profile. We continually evaluate our capital structure and liquidity profile in order to maintain an appropriate balance of debt and equity in order to
weather softer periods of lodging demand which may arise due to the inherent volatility of the industry while maintaining the flexibility to take advantage of opportunities which may arise. Specifically, we seek to maintain sufficient margins to
operate our business under the financial covenants in our senior notes indenture and a balanced debt maturity schedule. Additionally, as a REIT, we are required to distribute 90 of our taxable income to our stockholders, and, as a result, generally
must rely on external sources of capital to finance our growth. Therefore, we will use a variety of debt and equity vehicles to fund our external growth including senior notes and mortgage debt, convertible 
 
 5 

debentures, common and preferred stock offerings, issuances of Host LP partnership units and joint ventures/limited partnerships to best take advantage of
the prevailing market conditions. Joint Ventures. We expect to continue to utilize joint ventures to
finance external growth. We believe joint ventures provide a significant means to access external capital and spread the inherent risk of hotel ownership to all of the partners, while still providing significant opportunities for positive returns on
investment for our stockholders. We are focusing our investment efforts on joint ventures in international markets, such as in Europe, Asia and Latin America, which will also help to diversify our exposure to market risk. Generally, we intend to
earn a promoted interest, as well act as the asset manager of the properties, for which we will receive an asset management fee. Dispositions. Similarly, we have taken advantage of market conditions to sell 38 hotels at favorable prices over the past five years, including nine properties sold in 2007. However, the ability of
prospective purchasers to obtain acquisition financing has recently been adversely affected by uncertainty in the financial markets caused by disruption to the subprime mortgage markets. Proceeds from dispositions have been, or will be, used to
repay debt, fund acquisitions, fund ROI and repositioning projects, or for general corporate purposes. Generally, the properties that we dispose of are non-core hotels that are located in secondary and tertiary markets where we believe the potential
for growth is lower. We will also dispose of core assets, such as the 2006 sale of our Fort Lauderdale Marina Marriott and the Swiss tel, The Drake, New York, when we have the opportunity to capitalize on value enhancement strategies and apply
the proceeds to other business objectives. Operating Structure Host is a self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). Host operates through an umbrella partnership REIT structure in which substantially all of its properties and assets are held by Host
LP, of which Host is the sole general partner and holds approximately 97 of the outstanding partnership interests with the remaining 3 of the partnership interests held by third parties. Each unit of the partnership interests in Host LP owned by
holders other than Host is redeemable at the option of the holder for an amount of cash equal to the market value of one share of Host common stock. Host has the right, however, to acquire any unit of Host LP partnership interest offered for
redemption directly from the holder in exchange for one share of Host common stock, instead of Host LP redeeming such partnership interest for cash. When distinguishing between Host and Host LP, the primary difference is the approximately 3 of the
operating partnership interests of Host LP not held by us as of February 25, 2008. 
 6 

Our operating structure is as follows: 

 Because Host is a REIT, certain tax laws limit the amount of non-qualifying income that Host
can earn, including income derived directly from the operation of hotels. As a result, we lease substantially all of our properties to certain of our subsidiaries designated as taxable REIT subsidiaries TRS for federal income tax
purposes or to third party lessees. The lessees and our taxable REIT subsidiaries enter into agreements with third parties to manage the operations of the hotels. TRS subsidiaries may also hold assets engaging in other activities that produce
non-qualifying income such as the development of timeshare or condominium units, subject to certain restrictions. The difference between the hotel s net operating cash flow and the aggregate rents paid to Host LP is retained by the TRS as
taxable income. Accordingly, the net effect of the TRS leases is that, while as a REIT Host is generally exempt from federal income tax to the extent that we meet specific distribution requirements, among other REIT requirements, a portion of the
net operating cash flow from our properties is subject to federal, state and, if applicable, foreign income tax. Our Hotel Properties 
 Overview. Our lodging portfolio primarily consists of 119 luxury and upper upscale hotels containing approximately
63,900 rooms as of February 25, 2008. Our portfolio is geographically diverse, with hotels in most of the major metropolitan areas in 26 states, Washington, D.C., Toronto and Calgary, Canada, Mexico City, Mexico and Santiago, Chile. Our
locations include central business districts of major cities, near airports and resort/convention destinations that, because of their locations, typically benefit from barriers to entry by competitors. Forty-four of our hotels, which represent over
64 of our hotel revenues, have more than 500 rooms. Our properties typically include meeting and banquet facilities, a variety of restaurants and lounges, swimming pools, exercise facilities and/or spas, gift shops and parking facilities, the
combination of which 
 
 7 

enable them to serve business, leisure and group travelers. The average age of our properties is 25 years, although most of the properties have benefited
from substantial renovations or major additions, as well as regularly scheduled renewal and replacement and other capital improvements. The following chart details our hotel portfolio by brand as of February 25, 2008: 

Brand 
 
 Number of Hotels 
 
 Rooms 
 
 Percentage of Revenues(1) 

Marriott 
 
 69 
 
 39,080 
 
 56 

Sheraton 
 
 11 
 
 7,125 
 
 10 

Westin 
 
 11 
 
 5,698 
 
 9 

Ritz-Carlton 
 
 9 
 
 3,369 
 
 9 

Hyatt 
 
 7 
 
 4,352 
 
 8 

W 
 
 2 
 
 1,114 
 
 3 

Fairmont 
 
 1 
 
 450 
 
 2 

Four Seasons 
 
 2 
 
 608 
 
 1 

Hilton/Embassy Suites 
 
 2 
 
 678 
 
 1 

Swiss tel 
 
 1 
 
 632 
 
 1 

Other 
 
 4 
 
 834 

119 
 
 63,940 
 
 100 

(1) 
 Percentage of revenues is based on 2007 revenues. No individual property contributed more than 7 of total revenues in 2007. 
 8 

Hotel Properties . The following table sets forth the location and number of rooms of our 119 hotels as of February 25, 2008. 

Location 
 
 Rooms 
 
 Arizona 

Scottsdale Marriott Suites Old Town 
 
 251 
 
 Scottsdale Marriott at McDowell Mountains 
 
 270 
 
 The Ritz-Carlton, Phoenix 
 
 281 
 
 The Westin Kierland Resort Spa 
 
 732 
 
 California 

Coronado Island Marriott Resort(1) 
 
 300 
 
 Costa Mesa Marriott Suites 
 
 253 
 
 Desert Springs, a JW Marriott Resort, Palm Desert 
 
 884 
 
 Hyatt Regency, San Francisco Airport 
 
 789 
 
 Manhattan Beach Marriott(1) 
 
 385 
 
 Marina del Rey Marriott(1) 
 
 370 
 
 Newport Beach Marriott Hotel Spa 
 
 532 
 
 Newport Beach Marriott Bayview 
 
 254 
 
 Host Airport Hotel Sacramento(1) 
 
 89 
 
 San Diego Marriott Hotel and Marina(1)(2) 
 
 1,362 
 
 San Diego Marriott Mission Valley 
 
 350 
 
 San Francisco Airport Marriott 
 
 685 
 
 San Francisco Marriott Fisherman s Wharf 
 
 285 
 
 San Francisco Marriott(1) 
 
 1,498 
 
 San Ramon Marriott(1) 
 
 368 
 
 Santa Clara Marriott(1) 
 
 755 
 
 Sheraton San Diego Hotel Marina(1) 
 
 1,044 
 
 The Ritz-Carlton, Marina del Rey(1) 
 
 304 
 
 The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco 
 
 336 
 
 The Westin Los Angeles(1) 
 
 740 
 
 The Westin Mission Hills 
 
 512 
 
 The Westin South Coast Plaza(3) 
 
 390 
 
 Colorado 

Denver Marriott Tech Center 
 
 628 
 
 Denver Marriott West(1) 
 
 305 
 
 Four Points by Sheraton Denver Southeast(1) 
 
 475 
 
 The Westin Tabor Center 
 
 430 
 
 Connecticut 

Hartford Marriott Rocky Hill(1) 
 
 251 
 
 Sheraton Stamford 
 
 448 
 
 Florida 

Sheraton Suites Tampa 
 
 259 
 
 Harbor Beach Marriott Resort and Spa(1)(2) 
 
 637 
 
 Hilton Singer Island Oceanfront Resort 
 
 223 

Location 
 
 Rooms 

Florida (continued) 

Miami Marriott Biscayne Bay(1) 
 
 601 
 
 Orlando World Center Marriott Resort and Convention Center 
 
 2,000 
 
 Tampa Airport Marriott(1) 
 
 296 
 
 Tampa Marriott Waterside Hotel and Marina 
 
 717 
 
 The Ritz-Carlton, Amelia Island 
 
 444 
 
 The Ritz-Carlton, Naples 
 
 450 
 
 The Ritz-Carlton Golf Resort, Naples 
 
 295 
 
 Georgia 

Atlanta Marriott Marquis 
 
 1,663 
 
 Atlanta Marriott Suites Midtown(1) 
 
 254 
 
 Atlanta Marriott Perimeter Center 
 
 400 
 
 Four Seasons Hotel, Atlanta 
 
 244 
 
 Grand Hyatt Atlanta in Buckhead 
 
 438 
 
 JW Marriott Hotel Buckhead 
 
 371 
 
 The Ritz-Carlton, Buckhead 
 
 553 
 
 The Westin Buckhead Atlanta 
 
 365 
 
 Hawaii 

Hyatt Regency Maui Resort and Spa 
 
 806 
 
 The Fairmont Kea Lani, Maui 
 
 450 
 
 Illinois 

Chicago Marriott Suites Downers Grove 
 
 254 
 
 Courtyard Chicago Downtown 
 
 337 
 
 Chicago Marriott O Hare 
 
 681 
 
 Chicago Marriott Suites O Hare 
 
 256 
 
 Embassy Suites Chicago Hotel, Downtown/Lakefront 
 
 455 
 
 Swiss tel, Chicago 
 
 632 
 
 Indiana 

Sheraton Indianapolis(1) 
 
 560 
 
 South Bend Marriott 
 
 298 
 
 The Westin Indianapolis 
 
 573 
 
 Louisiana 

New Orleans Marriott 
 
 1,329 
 
 Maryland 

Gaithersburg Marriott Washingtonian Center 
 
 284 
 
 Massachusetts 

Boston Marriott Copley Place(1) 
 
 1,139 
 
 Boston Marriott Newton 
 
 430 
 
 Hyatt Regency Boston 
 
 498 
 
 Hyatt Regency Cambridge, Overlooking Boston 
 
 469 
 
 Sheraton Boston 
 
 1,216 
 
 Sheraton Braintree 
 
 374 
 
 Sheraton Needham 
 
 247 
 
 The Westin Waltham-Boston 
 
 346 

9 

Location 
 
 Rooms 

Michigan 

The Ritz-Carlton, Dearborn 
 
 308 
 
 Minnesota 

Minneapolis Marriott City Center(1) 
 
 583 
 
 Missouri 

Kansas City Airport Marriott(1) 
 
 382 
 
 New Hampshire 

Courtyard Nashua 
 
 245 
 
 New Jersey 

Hanover Marriott 
 
 353 
 
 Newark Liberty International Airport Marriott(1) 
 
 591 
 
 Park Ridge Marriott(1) 
 
 289 
 
 Sheraton Parsippany 
 
 370 
 
 New York 

New York Marriott Downtown 
 
 498 
 
 New York Marriott Marquis Times Square(1) 
 
 1,949 
 
 Sheraton New York Hotel and Towers 
 
 1,752 
 
 W New York 
 
 688 
 
 North Carolina 

Greensboro-Highpoint Marriott Airport(1) 
 
 299 
 
 Ohio 

Dayton Marriott 
 
 399 
 
 The Westin Cincinnati(1) 
 
 456 
 
 Oregon 

Portland Marriott Downtown Waterfront 
 
 503 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Four Seasons Hotel, Philadelphia 
 
 364 
 
 Philadelphia Airport Marriott(1) 
 
 419 
 
 Philadelphia Marriott Downtown(2) 
 
 1,408 
 
 Tennessee 

Memphis Marriott Downtown 
 
 600 
 
 Texas 

Dallas/Addison Marriott Quorum by the Galleria 
 
 548 
 
 Houston Airport Marriott(1) 
 
 565 
 
 Houston Marriott Medical Center(1) 
 
 386 

Location 
 
 Rooms 

Texas (continued) 

JW Marriott Hotel on Westheimer by the Galleria 
 
 514 
 
 San Antonio Marriott Rivercenter(1) 
 
 1,001 
 
 San Antonio Marriott Riverwalk(1) 
 
 512 
 
 St. Regis Hotel, Houston 
 
 232 
 
 Virginia 

Hyatt Regency Reston 
 
 518 
 
 Key Bridge Marriott(1) 
 
 582 
 
 Residence Inn Arlington Pentagon City 
 
 299 
 
 The Ritz-Carlton, Tysons Corner(1) 
 
 398 
 
 Washington Dulles Airport Marriott(1) 
 
 368 
 
 Washington Dulles Marriott Suites 
 
 253 
 
 Westfields Marriott Washington Dulles 
 
 336 
 
 Washington 

Seattle Marriott SeaTac Airport 
 
 459 
 
 The Westin Seattle 
 
 891 
 
 W Seattle 
 
 426 
 
 Washington, D.C. 

Hyatt Regency Washington on Capitol Hill 
 
 834 
 
 JW Marriott Hotel, Washington, D.C. 
 
 772 
 
 Marriott at Metro Center 
 
 456 
 
 The Westin Grand 
 
 263 
 
 Canada 

Calgary Marriott 
 
 384 
 
 Toronto Delta Meadowvale Resort and Conference Center 
 
 374 
 
 Toronto Marriott Airport (2) 
 
 424 
 
 Toronto Marriott Downtown Eaton Center(1) 
 
 459 
 
 Chile 

San Cristobal Tower, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Santiago 
 
 139 
 
 Sheraton Santiago Convention Center 
 
 379 
 
 Mexico 

JW Marriott Hotel, Mexico City(2) 
 
 312 

Total 
 
 63,940 

(1) 
 The land on which this hotel is built is leased from a third party under one or more long-term lease agreements. 

(2) 
 These properties are not wholly owned. 

(3) 
 The land, building and improvements are leased from a third party under a long-term lease agreement. 
 10 

Competition The lodging industry is highly competitive. Competition is often specific to individual markets and
is based on a number of factors, including location, brand, guest facilities and amenities, level of service, room rates and the quality of accommodations. The lodging industry is generally viewed as consisting of six different groupings, each of
which caters to a discreet set of customer taste and needs: luxury, upper upscale, upscale, midscale (with and without food and beverage service) and economy. Most of our hotels operate in urban and resort markets either as luxury properties, under
such brand names as Ritz-Carlton , Fairmont , Four Seasons , The
Luxury Collection , St. Regis and W or as upper upscale properties,
under such brand names as Marriott , Hyatt , Westin , Hilton , Sheraton , Swiss tel and Delta . 1 Our hotels compete with other hotels operated under brands in these groupings, as well as with the upscale or other lower-tier groupings
of hotels in certain locations. We believe our properties enjoy competitive advantages associated with the hotel brands under which they
operate. The international marketing programs and reservation systems of these brands, combined with the strong management systems and expertise they provide, should enable our properties to perform favorably in terms of both occupancy and room
rates. In addition, repeat guest business is enhanced by guest reward or guest recognition programs offered by most of these brands. Nevertheless, many management contracts for our hotels do not prohibit our managers from converting, franchising or
developing other hotel properties in our markets. As a result, our hotels in a given market often compete with other hotels that our managers may own, invest in, manage or franchise. In addition to the competition related to our current portfolio, we compete with other REITs and other public and private investors for the acquisition
of new properties and investment opportunities both domestically and internationally as we attempt to position our portfolio to take best advantage of changes in markets and travel patterns of our customers. Seasonality Our hotel sales traditionally have
experienced moderate seasonality, which varies based on the individual hotel property and the region. Additionally, hotel revenues in the fourth quarter typically reflect 16 weeks of results compared to 12 weeks for each of the first three quarters
of the fiscal year for our Marriott-managed hotels. For our non-Marriott managed hotels, the first quarter includes two months of operations, the second and third quarters include three months of operations and the fourth quarter includes four
months of operations. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition Reporting Periods for more information on our fiscal calendar. Hotel sales have historically averaged
approximately 20 , 25 , 22 and 33 for the first, second, third and fourth quarters. Other Real Estate Investments In addition to our hotels, we have minority partner interests in other real estate investments. We manage these investments and conduct business through a
combination of general and limited partnership and limited liability company interests. All of the debt of these entities is non-recourse to us and our subsidiaries, and the entities are not consolidated in our financial statements. European Joint Venture We currently
own a 32.1 limited and general partnership interest in a joint venture in Europe European joint venture with Stichting Pensioenfonds ABP, a Dutch pension fund, and Jasmine Hotels Pte Ltd, an affiliate of GIC Real Estate Pte Ltd, the
real estate investment company of the Government of Singapore Investment 

1 
 This annual report contains registered trademarks that are the exclusive property of their respective owners, which are
companies other than us. None of the owners of these trademarks, their affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors, agents or employees, has or will have any responsibility or liability for any information contained in this annual
report. 
 11 

Corporation Pte Ltd. The initial term of the European joint venture is ten years subject to two one-year extensions with partner approval. Due to the
ownership structure of the European joint venture and the non-Host limited partners rights to cause the dissolution and liquidation of the European joint venture at any time, it is not consolidated in our financial statements. As of February 25, 2008, the European joint venture owns the following ten hotels in five countries: 

Hotel 
 
 City 
 
 Country 
 
 Rooms/Units 
 
 Hotel Arts Barcelona 
 
 Barcelona 
 
 Spain 
 
 482 
 
 The Westin Palace, Madrid 
 
 Madrid 
 
 Spain 
 
 468 
 
 The Westin Palace, Milan 
 
 Milan 
 
 Italy 
 
 228 
 
 The Westin Europa Regina 
 
 Venice 
 
 Italy 
 
 185 
 
 Sheraton Roma Hotel Conference Center 
 
 Rome 
 
 Italy 
 
 634 
 
 Sheraton Skyline Hotel Conference Centre 
 
 Hayes 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 350 
 
 Sheraton Warsaw Hotel Towers 
 
 Warsaw 
 
 Poland 
 
 350 
 
 Renaissance Brussels Hotel(1) 
 
 Brussels 
 
 Belgium 
 
 262 
 
 Brussels Marriott Hotel(1) 
 
 Brussels 
 
 Belgium 
 
 218 
 
 Marriott Executive Apartments(1) 
 
 Brussels 
 
 Belgium 
 
 57 

Total rooms 

3,234 

(1) 
 Acquired on July 20, 2007. Other Investments
 We currently own a 3.6 limited partner interest in CBM Joint Venture Limited Partnership, which owns 115 Courtyard by Marriott
properties. We have the right to cause the partnership to redeem our limited partner interest under certain conditions between December 2007 and December 2009. Thereafter, the general partner of the partnership has the right to redeem our remaining
interest. We own a leasehold interest in 53 Courtyard by Marriott properties and 18 Residence Inn by Marriott properties (the HPT
Properties ), which were sold to Hospitality Properties Trust, Inc. and leased back prior to 1997. In 1998, we subleased these 71 properties to a third party on similar terms with initial terms expiring between 2010 and 2012. The subleases are
renewable at our option. Rent payable under the subleases is guaranteed by the subtenant up to a maximum of 30 million. At the expiration of these leases, the third party owners of these properties will return our initial security deposit of
approximately 67 million plus additional security deposits of approximately 8 million. We also have a 49 limited partner
interest in Tiburon Golf Ventures, L.P., which owns the golf club surrounding The Ritz-Carlton Golf Resort, Naples. For additional detail of our other real estate investments, including a summary of the outstanding debt balances of our affiliates,
see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition Investments in Affiliates and Note 3 Investments in Affiliates and Note 7 Leases in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements. Foreign Operations We currently own four properties in Canada, one in Mexico and two in Chile containing approximately 2,500 rooms. Approximately 3 of our revenues were attributed to foreign operations in each of 2007, 2006 and 2005. Environmental and Regulatory Matters Under various
federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances on, under or in such property.
These laws may impose liability whether or not the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. In addition, certain environmental laws and common law principles could be used to impose
liability for release of asbestos- 
 
 12 

containing materials, and third parties may seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury associated with exposure to
released asbestos-containing materials. Environmental laws also may impose restrictions on the manner in which property may be used or businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require corrective or other expenditures. In connection
with our current or prior ownership or operation of hotels, we may be potentially liable for various environmental costs or liabilities. Although we are currently not aware of any material environmental claims pending or threatened against us, we
can offer no assurance that a material environmental claim will not be asserted against us in the future. Operational Agreements All but one of our hotels is managed by third parties pursuant to management agreements or operating and license agreements with our TRS subsidiaries (See
 Operating Structure ). As of February 25, 2008, twenty-three of our hotels operated by Starwood, two of our hotels operated by Hilton Hotels Corporation and our San Francisco Marriott Fisherman s Wharf are operated pursuant to
operating and license agreements, while our remaining hotels are operated pursuant to management agreements. Under these agreements, the managers or operators generally have sole responsibility and exclusive authority for all activities necessary
for the day-to-day operation of the hotels, including establishing all room rates, processing reservations, procuring inventories, supplies and services, providing periodic inspection and consultation visits to the hotels by the managers 
technical and operational experts and promoting and publicizing the hotels. In addition, the manager or operator provides all managerial and other employees for the hotels, reviews the operation and maintenance of the hotels, prepares reports,
budgets and projections, and provides other administrative and accounting support services to the hotels, such as planning and policy services, financial planning, divisional financial services, product planning and development, employee staffing
and training, corporate executive management and certain in-house legal services. For the majority of our properties, we have approval rights over the budget, capital expenditures and other matters. Management Agreements . Our management agreements typically include the terms described below: 

Term and fees for operational services . The initial term of our management agreements generally is 15 to 20 years with one or more
renewal terms. The manager receives compensation in the form of a base management fee which is calculated as a percentage (typically 3 of annual gross revenues, and an incentive management fee, which is typically calculated as a percentage
(generally 20 of operating profit after the owner has received a priority return on its investment in the hotel. 

Chain services . The management agreements require the managers to furnish chain services that are generally furnished on a centralized
basis. Such services include: (1) the development and operation of certain computer systems and reservation services, (2) regional management and administrative services, regional marketing and sales services, regional training services,
manpower development and relocation of regional personnel and (3) such additional central or regional services as may from time to time be more efficiently performed on a regional or group basis rather than at an individual hotel. Costs and
expenses incurred in providing these services are generally allocated among all hotels managed by the manager or its affiliates that benefit from these services. 

Working capital and fixed asset supplies . Our management agreements typically require us to maintain working capital for each hotel
and to fund the cost of certain fixed asset supplies (for example, linen, china, glassware, silver and uniforms). We are also responsible for providing funds to meet the cash needs for hotel operations if at any time the funds available from hotel
operations are insufficient to meet the financial requirements of the hotels. 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment replacements . Under the management agreements, we are required to provide to the managers all
necessary furniture, fixtures and equipment for the operation of the hotels (including funding any required furniture, fixtures and equipment replacements). The management agreements generally provide that, on an annual basis, the manager will
prepare a list of furniture, fixtures and equipment to be acquired and certain routine repairs and maintenance to be 
 
 13 

performed in the next year and an estimate of the funds that are necessary, which is subject to our review and approval. For purposes of funding the
furniture, fixtures and equipment replacements, a specified percentage (typically 5 of the gross revenues of the hotel is deposited by the manager into an escrow account in our name, to which the manager has access. However, for 63 of our hotels,
we have entered into an agreement with Marriott International to allow us to fund such expenditures directly as incurred from one account that we control, subject to maintaining a minimum balance of the greater of 34.6 million, or 30 of total
annual specified contributions, rather than escrowing funds at accounts at each hotel. 

Building alterations, improvements and renewals . The management agreements require the managers to prepare an annual estimate of the
expenditures necessary for major repairs, alterations, improvements, renewals and replacements to the structural, mechanical, electrical, heating, ventilating, air conditioning, plumbing and elevators of each hotel which we review and approve based
on their recommendations and our judgment. In addition to the foregoing, the management agreements generally provide that the manager may propose such changes, alterations and improvements to the hotel as are required, in the manager s
reasonable judgment, to keep the hotel in a competitive, efficient and economical operating condition consistent with the manager s brand standards. We generally have approval authority over such changes, alterations and improvements.

Service marks . During the term of the management agreements, the brand name, service mark, symbols and logos used by the manager may
be used in the operation of the hotel. Any right to use the brand name, service marks, logos and symbols and related trademarks at a hotel will terminate with respect to that hotel upon termination of the applicable management or franchise
agreement. 

Sale of the hotel. Most of the management agreements limit our ability to sell, lease or otherwise transfer the hotels by requiring
that the transferee assume the related management agreements and meet specified other conditions, including the condition that the transferee not be a competitor of the manager. 

Termination on sale . While most of our management agreements are not terminable prior to their full term in connection with the sale
of hotels, we have negotiated rights with respect to 22 Marriott-branded hotels to terminate management agreements in connection with the sale of these hotels subject to certain limitations, and the payment of a termination fee with respect to three
of these hotels. The remaining 19 Marriott-branded hotels may be sold free and clear of their existing management agreements without a termination fee, of which approximately 68 must maintain the Marriott brand affiliation.

Performance termination . The majority of our management agreements provide for termination rights in the case of a manager s
prolonged failure to meet certain financial performance criteria, generally a set return on the owners investment. We have agreed in the past, and may agree in the future, to waive certain of these termination rights in exchange for
consideration from the hotel manager, which could take the form of cash compensation or amendments to the management agreement. Similarly, the majority of our management agreements condition the manager s right to renew pre-determined extension
terms upon satisfaction of certain financial performance criteria. Operating and License
Agreements. Our operating and license agreements with Starwood (the operator with which we have the vast majority of these agreements) typically include the terms described below: 

Term and fees for operational services . The initial term of our operating agreements is 20 years, with two renewal terms of 10 years
each. The operator receives compensation in the form of a base fee of 1 of annual gross operating revenues, and an incentive fee of 20 of annual gross operating profit, after the owner has received a priority return of 10.75 on its purchase price
and other investments in the hotels. 
 14 

License services . The license agreements address matters relating to the subject brand,
including rights to use service marks, logos, symbols and trademarks, such as those associated with Westin , Sheraton and W , as well as matters relating to compliance with certain standards and policies and (including through other agreements in the case of certain hotels) the provision of certain system program and
centralized services. The license agreements have an initial term of 20 years each, with two renewal terms of 10 years each at the option of the licensor. Licensors receive compensation in the form of license fees of 5 of gross operating revenue
attributable to gross room sales and 2 of gross operating revenue attributable to food and beverage sales. 

Programs and services . The licensor or operator provides certain system programs and services to all or substantially all of our
Starwood hotels by brand in a licensed area. Such services include participation in reservation services and the marketing program as well as the Starwood Preferred Guest Program. In addition to these services, under the operating agreements,
centralized operating services are furnished to hotels by brand on a system basis. Costs and expenses incurred in providing such system programs and services and centralized operating services under the license and operating agreements or other
agreements are fairly allocated among all hotels in the applicable brand operated or licensed by Starwood or its affiliates. 

Working capital and fixed asset supplies . The operating agreements require us to maintain working capital funds for each hotel to fund
the cost of certain fixed asset supplies and to meet the ongoing cash needs for hotel operations if at any time the funds available from hotel operations are insufficient to meet the financial requirements of the hotels. For 19 of our hotels, the
working capital accounts which would otherwise be maintained by Starwood operators for each of such hotels are maintained on a pooled basis, with operators being authorized to make withdrawals from such pooled account as otherwise contemplated with
respect to working capital in accordance with the provisions of the operating agreements. 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment replacements . Under the operating and license agreements, we are required to provide all necessary
furniture, fixtures and equipment for the operation of the hotels (including funding for any required furniture, fixtures and equipment replacements). To fund these items each month, the operator transfers into a reserve fund account an amount equal
to 5 of the gross operating revenue of a hotel for the previous month. For 19 of our hotels, the periodic reserve fund contributions which would otherwise be deposited into reserve fund accounts maintained by operators for each hotel are
distributed to us, and we are responsible for providing funding of expenditures which would otherwise be funded from the reserve funds for each of the subject hotels as such expenditures become necessary. In addition to routine capital expenditures,
the reserve funds for the hotels may also be used for building capital improvements. Any approved reserve funding in excess of amounts available in the pooled reserve funds is funded by us and results in appropriate increases of owner s
investment and owner s priority amounts. For 19 hotels, the amount of any such additional reserve funding will be allocated to each of such hotels on a pro rata basis, determined with reference to the net operating income of each hotel and the
total net operating income of all hotels for the most recent operating year. Any such additional reserve funding will result in corresponding increases in the owner s investment and owner s priority amounts with respect to each of such
hotels. 

Building alterations, improvements and renewals . The operating agreements require the operators to prepare an annual operating plan
that includes an estimate of the expenditures necessary for maintenance, repairs, alterations, improvements, renewals and replacements to the structural, mechanical, electrical, heating, ventilating, air conditioning, plumbing and elevators of each
hotel, which plan and proposed expenditures we review and approve based on the operator s recommendations and our judgment. 

Territorial . The operating agreements provide area restrictions for a period of either five or 10 years which limit the operator and
its affiliates from owning, operating or licensing a hotel of the same brand in the area. The area restrictions vary with each hotel, from city blocks in urban areas to up to a 10 mile radius from the hotel in other areas.
 
 15 

Sale of the hotel/other . The license agreements limit our ability to sell, lease or otherwise transfer the hotels. Generally, the
agreements require that the transferee assume the related operating agreement and meet specified other conditions, including the condition that the transferee not be a competitor of the licensor. The operating agreements provide for termination
rights beginning in 2016 in the case of the operator s failure to meet certain financial performance criteria. Generally, such rights arise in the event that the operator fails, for two consecutive years, to generate operating profit equal to
or greater than a specified percentage of the owner s investment in the hotel, and the RevPAR performance of the hotel falls below that of other competitive hotels in the market during such two-year period. 

Termination on sale . As of February 25, 2008, we have the right to terminate the operating agreements on 13 specified hotels upon
the sale of those hotels. With respect to four hotels, we have the right to sell no more than three annually free and clear of their existing operating agreements without the payment of a termination fee. We have a limited right to terminate one
license agreement annually with respect to all of those hotels. With respect to the remaining nine hotels, we have the right beginning in 2016 to sell 35 of the hotels (measured by EBITDA) free and clear of the existing operating agreement over a
period of time without the payment of a termination fee. With respect to any termination of an operating agreement on sale, the proposed purchaser would need to meet the requirements for transfer under the applicable license agreement.
 Employees On
February 25, 2008, we had 243 employees, including approximately 29 employees at the Sacramento Host Airport hotel, three at our London, England office and one at our Amsterdam, Netherlands office. Certain of our employees at the Sacramento
Host Airport hotel are covered by a collective bargaining agreement that is subject to review and renewal on a regular basis. The Sacramento Host Airport Hotel is in the process of being condemned by the City of Sacramento to facilitate an airport
expansion. Our employees at the hotel will be terminated in conjunction with the condemnation in 2008. Employees at our other hotels are employed by our management companies. Certain of our third-party managed hotels also are covered by collective bargaining agreements that are subject to review and renewal on a regular basis.
For a discussion of these relationships see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition. 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors The statements in this section
describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. In addition, these statements constitute our cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward Looking Statements Our disclosure and
analysis in this 2007 Form 10-K and in our 2007 Annual Report to Shareholders contain some forward-looking statements that set forth anticipated results based on management s plans and assumptions. From time to time, we also provide
forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public as well as our forward-looking statements. Such statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events; they do not relate strictly to historical or current
facts. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify each such statement by using words such as anticipate, estimate, expect, project, intend, plan, believe, 
 will, target, forecast and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, future performance
or results of current and anticipated expenses, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, and financial results. 
 16 

We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statements will be realized, although we believe we have
been prudent in our plans and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove
inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are
advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make or related subjects in our 10-Q and 8-K reports to the SEC. Also note that we provide the following cautionary discussion of risks, uncertainties and possibly inaccurate assumptions
relevant to our businesses. These are factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such risk factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or
uncertainties. Financial Risks and Risks of Operation We depend on external sources of capital for future growth and we may be unable to access capital when necessary. Unlike
regular C corporations, we must finance our growth and fund debt repayments largely with external sources of capital because we are required to distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our taxable income (other than net capital gain) in order
to qualify as a REIT, including taxable income we recognize for federal income tax purposes but with regard to which we do not receive corresponding cash. Our ability to access the external capital we require could be hampered by a number of
factors, many of which are outside of our control, including declining general market conditions, unfavorable market perception of our growth potential, decreases in our current and estimated future earnings, excessive cash distributions or
decreases in the market price of Host s common stock. In addition, our ability to access additional capital may also be limited by the terms of our existing indebtedness, which, under certain circumstances, restricts our incurrence of debt and
the payment of distributions. The occurrence of any of these above-mentioned factors, individually or in combination, could prevent us from being able to obtain the external capital we require on terms that are acceptable to us or at all and the
failure to obtain necessary external capital could have a material adverse effect on our ability to finance our future growth. We have substantial
debt. As of December 31, 2007, we and our subsidiaries had total indebtedness of approximately 5.6 billion. Our substantial indebtedness has important consequences. It currently requires us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to
debt service payments, which reduces the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, expansion efforts, distributions to our partners and other general purposes. Additionally, it could: 

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness; 

limit our ability in the future to undertake refinancings of our debt or obtain financing for expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general business
purposes on terms and conditions acceptable to us, if at all; or 

affect adversely our ability to compete effectively or operate successfully under adverse economic conditions. 
 17 

Because we must distribute 90 of our taxable income (other than net capital gain) in order to maintain
our qualification as a REIT, we depend upon external sources of capital for future growth. If our cash flow and working capital were not sufficient to fund our expenditures or service our indebtedness, we would have to raise additional funds
through: 

sales of our equity; 

the incurrence of additional permitted indebtedness by Host LP; or 

the sale of our assets. We cannot
make any assurances to you that any of these sources of funds would be available to us or, if available, would be on terms that we would find acceptable or in amounts sufficient for us to meet our obligations or fulfill our business plan.
 Our revenues and the value of our properties are subject to conditions affecting the lodging industry. The lodging industry is subject to changes in travel patterns of business and leisure travelers, both of which are affected by a number of factors
including the strength of the economy, the effect of terrorist attacks and terror alerts in the United States and internationally as well as other geopolitical disturbances. While our operations have improved over the past four years, changes in
travel patterns of both business and leisure travelers may create difficulties for the industry over the long-term and adversely affect our results. Our results of operations, and any forecast we make, may be affected and can change based on the
following risks: 

changes in the international, national, regional and local economic climate; 

changes in business and leisure travel patterns; 

local market conditions such as an oversupply of hotel rooms or a reduction in lodging demand; 

the attractiveness of our hotels to consumers relative to our competition; 

the performance of the managers of our hotels; 

changes in room rates and increases in operating costs due to inflation and other factors; 

unionization of the labor force at our hotels; and 

declines in liquidity in the credit markets and access to capital The terms of our debt place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, reducing operational flexibility and creating default risks. The documents governing the terms of our existing senior notes and our credit facility contain covenants that place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries. These covenants will restrict, among other things, our
ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to: 

conduct acquisitions, mergers or consolidations unless the successor entity in such transaction assumes our indebtedness; 

incur additional debt in excess of certain thresholds and without satisfying certain financial metrics; 

create liens securing indebtedness, unless effective provision is made to secure our other indebtedness by such liens; 

sell assets without using the proceeds from such sales for certain permitted uses or to make an offer to repay or repurchase outstanding indebtedness;

make capital expenditures in excess of certain thresholds; 

raise capital; 
 18 

pay dividends without satisfying certain financial metrics; and 

conduct transactions with affiliates other than on an arms length basis and, in certain instances, without obtaining opinions as to the fairness of such
transactions. In addition, certain covenants in the credit facility require us and our subsidiaries to meet financial
performance tests. If we fail to meet such tests, the restrictive covenants in the applicable indenture(s), the credit facility and the documents governing our other debt (including our mortgage debt) will reduce our flexibility in conducting our
operations and will limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest. Our failure to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the
acceleration of all or a substantial portion of our debt. For a detailed description of the covenants and restrictions imposed by the documents governing our indebtedness, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations Financial Condition . Our ability to pay dividends may be limited or prohibited by the terms of our indebtedness.
 We are, and may in the future become, party to agreements and instruments that restrict or prevent the payment of dividends on our
classes and series of capital stock. Under the terms of Host LP s credit facility and senior notes indenture, distributions to Host by Host LP, upon which Host depends in order to obtain the cash necessary to pay dividends, are permitted only
to the extent that, at the time of the distribution, Host LP can satisfy certain financial covenant tests (concerning leverage, fixed charge coverage and unsecured interest coverage) and meet other requirements. Foreclosure on our mortgage debt could adversely affect our business. As of December 31, 2007, 16 of our hotels and assets related thereto are subject to mortgages in an aggregate amount of approximately 1.4 billion. Although the debt is generally non-recourse to us, if these
hotels do not produce adequate cash flow to service the debt secured by such mortgages, the mortgage lenders could foreclose on these assets. We may opt to allow such foreclosure to occur rather than make the necessary mortgage payments with funds
from other sources. However, Host LP s senior notes indenture and credit facility contain cross-default provisions, which, depending upon the amount of secured debt of which is defaulted, could cause a cross-default under both of these
agreements. Host LP s credit facility, which contains a more restrictive cross-default provision than the senior notes indenture, provides that a credit facility default occurs in the event Host LP defaults on non-recourse secured indebtedness
in excess of 1 of its total assets (using undepreciated real estate values) or defaults on other indebtedness in excess of 50 million. For this and other reasons, permitting a foreclosure could adversely affect our long-term business
prospects. An increase in interest rates would increase our interest costs on our credit facility and any variable rate debt we incur and could
adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt or sell assets. Under our revolving credit facility, interest payments are
based on floating rates. To the extent we draw on the credit facility, an increase in interest rates will reduce our cash flow available for other corporate purposes including investment in our portfolio. Further, rising interest rates could limit
our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures and increase interest costs on any debt that is refinanced. We may from time to time enter into agreements such as interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other interest rate hedging contracts.
While these agreements may lessen the impact of rising interest rates, they also expose us to the risk that other parties to the agreements will not perform or that the agreements will be unenforceable. In addition, an increase in interest rates
could decrease the amount third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to dispose of assets as part of our business strategy. 
 19 

Rating agency downgrades may increase our cost of capital. Both our senior notes and our preferred stock are rated by Moody s Investors Service, Standard Poor s and Fitch Ratings. These
independent rating agencies may elect to downgrade their ratings on our senior notes and our preferred stock at any time. Such downgrades may negatively affect our access to the capital markets and increase our cost of capital. The acquisition contracts relating to some hotels limit our ability to sell or refinance those hotels. For reasons relating to federal and state income tax considerations of the former and current owners of five hotels, we have agreed to restrictions on
selling the hotels, or repaying or refinancing the mortgage debt for varying periods depending on the hotel. Most of these agreements will expire between 2008 and 2010. We have also agreed not to sell more than 50 of the original allocated value
attributable to a portfolio of 11 additional hotels, or to take other actions that would result in the recognition and allocation of gain to the former owners of such hotels for federal and state income tax purposes prior to January 1, 2009. As
a result, even if it were in our best interests to sell these hotels or repay or otherwise reduce the level of the mortgage debt on such hotels, it may be difficult or costly to do so during their respective lock-out periods. In specified
circumstances, we may agree to similar restrictions in connection with future hotel acquisitions. Our acquisition of additional properties may have a
significant effect on our business, liquidity, financial position and/or results of operations. As part of our business strategy, we
seek to acquire luxury and upper upscale hotel properties. We may acquire properties through various structures, including transactions involving portfolios, single assets, joint ventures and acquisitions of all or substantially all of the
securities or assets of other REITs or similar real estate entities. We anticipate that our acquisitions will be financed through a combination of methods, including proceeds from Host equity offerings, issuance of limited partnership interests of
Host LP, advances under our credit facility, the incurrence or assumption of indebtedness and proceeds from the sales of assets. Recent declines in credit markets may limit the ability of purchasers to finance hotels and adversely affect our
disposition strategy and our ability to use proceeds to finance acquisitions. We may, from time to time, be in the process of identifying, analyzing and negotiating possible acquisition transactions and we expect to continue to do so in the future.
We cannot assure you that we will be successful in consummating future acquisitions on favorable terms or that we will realize the benefits that we anticipate from the acquisitions that we consummate. Our inability to consummate one or more
acquisitions on such terms, or our failure to realize the intended benefits from one or more acquisitions, could have a significant adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial position and/or results of operations, including as a result of
our incurrence of additional indebtedness and related interest expense and our assumption of unforeseen contingent liabilities. We may acquire hotel
properties through joint ventures with third parties that could result in conflicts. We have made a significant investment in a
European joint venture, which owns ten hotels in Europe. We may, from time to time, invest as a co-venturer in other entities holding hotel properties instead of purchasing hotel properties directly. Co-venturers often share control over the
operation of a joint venture. Actions by a co-venturer could subject the assets to additional risk as a result of any of the following circumstances: 

our co-venturer in an investment might have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our, or the joint venture s, interests or goals;
or 

our co-venturer may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives.
 Although we generally will seek to maintain sufficient control of any joint venture to permit our objectives to be
achieved, we might not be able to take action without the approval of our joint venture partners. 
 20 

The expansion of our business into new markets outside of the United States will expose us to risks relating to owning
hotels in those international markets. Part of our business strategy is to expand our presence internationally through joint ventures.
We may have difficulty managing our expansion into new geographic markets where we have limited knowledge and understanding of the local economy, an absence of business relationships in the area, or unfamiliarity with local governmental and
permitting procedures and regulations. Through the European joint venture, we have ownership interests in ten hotels in five foreign countries. In addition, we also own seven other hotels located outside the United States. There are risks inherent
in conducting business internationally, which include: 

employment laws and practices; 

tax laws which may provide for rates that exceed those of the U.S. and which may provide that our foreign earnings are subject to withholding requirements or other
restrictions; 

compliance with and unexpected changes in regulatory requirements or monetary policy; 

the willingness of domestic or foreign lenders to provide financing and changes in the availability, cost and terms of such financing; 

adverse changes in local, political, economic and market conditions; 

the potential for uninsured casualty and other losses; 

changes in interest rates and/or the currency exchange rates, including regulations regarding the incurrence of debts; and 

difficulties in complying with U.S. rules governing REITs while operating internationally. Any of these factors could adversely affect our ability to obtain all of the intended benefits of our joint ventures. If we do not effectively manage our geographic expansion and successfully integrate the foreign hotels into our organization, our operating results and
financial condition may be adversely affected and the value of Host common stock may decline. Exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect our
financial results. As a result of the expansion of Host s international operations, currency exchange rate fluctuations could
affect its results of operations and financial position. Host expects to generate an increasing portion of its revenue and its expenses in such foreign currencies as the Euro, the Canadian Dollar, the Mexican Peso, the British Pound, the Polish
Zloty and the Chilean Peso. Although Host may enter into foreign exchange agreements with financial institutions to reduce its exposure to fluctuations in the value of these and other foreign currencies, these hedging transactions, if entered into,
will not eliminate that risk entirely. In addition, to the extent that Host is unable to match revenue received in foreign currencies with costs paid in the same currency, exchange rate fluctuations could have a negative impact on Host s
results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, because Host s consolidated financial results are reported in US Dollars, if Host generates revenues or earnings in other currencies the translation of those results into US Dollars
can result in a significant increase or decrease in the amount of those revenues or earnings. We do not control our hotel operations and we are
dependent on the managers of our hotels. Since federal income tax laws restrict REITs and their subsidiaries from operating or managing
a hotel, we do not operate or manage our hotels. Instead, we lease substantially all of our hotels to subsidiaries which qualify as taxable REIT subsidiaries under applicable REIT laws, and our taxable REIT subsidiaries retain
third-party managers to operate our hotels pursuant to management agreements. Our cash flow from the hotels may be adversely affected if our managers fail to provide quality services and amenities or if they or their affiliates fail to 
 
 21 

maintain a quality brand name. While our taxable REIT subsidiaries monitor the hotel managers performance, we have limited recourse under our
management agreements if we believe that the hotel managers are not performing adequately. In addition, from time to time, we have had, and continue to have, differences with the managers of our hotels over their performance and compliance with the
terms of our management agreements. We generally resolve issues with our managers through discussions and negotiations. However, if we are unable to reach satisfactory results through discussions and negotiations, we may choose to litigate the
dispute or submit the matter to third-party dispute resolution. Failure by our hotel managers to fully perform the duties agreed to in our management agreements could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, our hotel managers or
their affiliates manage, and in some cases own or have invested in, hotels that compete with our hotels, which may result in conflicts of interest. As a result, our hotel managers have in the past made and may in the future make decisions regarding
competing lodging facilities that are not or would not be in our best interests. We are subject to risks associated with the employment of hotel
personnel, particularly with hotels that employ unionized labor. We have entered into management agreements with third-party managers
to operate our hotel properties. Our third-party managers are responsible for hiring and maintaining the labor force at each of our hotels. Although we do not directly employ or manage the labor force at our hotels, we are subject to many of the
costs and risks generally associated with the hotel labor force, particularly those hotels with unionized labor. From time to time, hotel operations may be disrupted through strikes, lockouts, public demonstrations or other negative actions and
publicity. We may also incur increased legal costs and indirect labor costs as a result of contract disputes or other events. Additionally, hotels where our managers have collective bargaining agreements with employees (approximately 21 of our
current portfolio, by revenues) are more highly affected by labor force activities than others. In addition, the resolution of labor disputes or re-negotiated labor contracts could lead to increased labor costs, either by increases in wages or
benefits or by changes in work rules that raise hotel operating costs. Furthermore, labor agreements may limit the ability of our managers to reduce the size of hotel workforces during an economic downturn because collective bargaining agreements
are negotiated between the managers of our hotels and labor unions. We do not have the ability to control the outcome of these negotiations. Our
management agreements could impair the sale or financing of our hotels. Under the terms of our management agreements, we generally may
not sell, lease or otherwise transfer our hotels unless the transferee is not a competitor of the manager and the transferee assumes the related management agreements and meets specified other conditions. Our ability to finance or sell our
properties, depending upon the structure of such transactions, may require the manager s consent. If the manager does not consent to such sale or financing, we may be precluded from taking actions in our best interest without breaching the
applicable management agreement. Our hotels have an ongoing need for renovations and potentially significant capital expenditures to remain competitive
in the marketplace, maintain brand standards or to comply with applicable laws or regulations. The timing and costs of such renovations or improvements may result in reduced operating performance during construction and may not improve the return on
these investments. In addition to capital expenditures required by our loan agreements or agreements with our hotel managers, we will
need to make capital expenditures to remain competitive with other hotels, to maintain the economic value of our hotels and to comply with applicable laws and regulations. The timing of these improvements can affect hotel performance particularly if
the improvements require closures of a significant number of rooms or the closure of other features of the hotels such as ballrooms, meeting space and restaurants. These capital improvements reduce the availability of cash for other purposes and are
subject to cost overruns and delays. In addition, because we depend on external sources of capital, we may not have the necessary funds to invest and if we fail to maintain our properties in accordance with brand standards set by our managers, the
manager may terminate the management agreement. Moreover, we may not realize a significant, or any, improvement in the performance of the hotels in which we make these investments. 
 22 

Our expenses may not decrease if our revenue decreases. Many of the expenses associated with owning and operating hotels, such as debt payments, property taxes, insurance, utilities, and employee wages and
benefits, are relatively inflexible and do not necessarily decrease in tandem with a reduction in revenue at the hotels. Our expenses will also be affected by inflationary increases, and certain costs, such as wages, benefits and insurance, may
exceed the rate of inflation in any given period. Our managers may be unable to offset any such increased expenses with higher room rates. Any of our efforts to reduce operating costs or failure to make scheduled capital expenditures could adversely
affect the growth of our business and the value of our hotel properties. Our ground lease payments may increase faster than the revenues we receive on
the hotels situated on the leased properties. As of December 31, 2007, 37 of our hotels are subject to third-party ground leases
(encumbering all or a portion of the hotel). These ground leases generally require periodic increases in ground rent payments, which are often based on economic indicators such as the Consumer Price Index. Our ability to pay ground rental could be
adversely affected to the extent that our revenues do not increase at the same or a greater rate than the increases in rental payments under the ground leases. In addition, if we were to sell a hotel encumbered by a ground lease, the buyer would
have to assume the ground lease, which may result in a lower sales price. We may be unable to sell properties because real estate investments are
inherently illiquid. Real estate properties generally cannot be sold quickly and, accordingly, we may not be able to vary our portfolio
promptly in response to economic or other conditions. The inability to respond promptly to changes in the performance of our investments could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to service our debt. In addition, there are
limitations under the federal income tax laws applicable to REITs that may limit our ability to recognize the full economic benefit from a sale of our assets. Applicable REIT laws may restrict certain business activities. As a REIT we are subject to various restrictions on our
income, assets and activities. Business activities that could be impacted by applicable REIT laws include, but are not limited to, activities such as developing alternative uses of real estate, including the development and/or sale of timeshare or
condominium units. Due to these restrictions, we anticipate that we will conduct certain business activities, including those mentioned above, in one or more of our taxable REIT subsidiaries. Our taxable REIT subsidiaries are taxable as regular C
corporations and are subject to federal, state, and, if applicable, local and foreign taxation on their taxable income at applicable corporate income tax rates. In addition, under REIT laws, the aggregate value of assets held by a REIT s
taxable REIT subsidiaries may not exceed 20 of the value of all of the REIT s assets. We depend on our key personnel. Our success depends on the efforts of our executive officers and other key personnel. None of our key personnel have employment agreements and we do not
maintain key person life insurance for any of our executive officers. We cannot assure you that these key personnel will remain employed by us. While we believe that we could find replacements for these key personnel, the loss of their services
could have a significant adverse effect on our financial performance. Future terrorist attacks or changes in terror alert levels could adversely affect
us. Previous terrorist attacks in the United States and subsequent terrorist alerts have adversely affected the travel and hospitality
industries over the past several years. The impact that terrorist attacks in the United States or elsewhere could have on domestic and international markets and our business in particular is indeterminable. 
 
 23 

It is possible that such attacks or the threat of such attacks could have a material adverse effect on our business, our ability to finance our business, our
ability to insure our properties and/or our results of operations and financial condition as a whole. We may not be able to recover fully under our
existing terrorism insurance for losses caused by some types of terrorist acts, and federal terrorism legislation does not ensure that we will be able to obtain terrorism insurance in adequate amounts or at acceptable premium levels in the future.
 We obtain terrorism insurance as part of our all-risk property insurance program, as well as our general liability and directors 
and officers coverages. However, our all-risk policies have limitations such as per occurrence limits and sublimits which might have to be shared proportionally across participating hotels under certain loss scenarios. Also, all-risk insurers
only have to provide terrorism coverage to the extent mandated by the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act (TRIPRA) effective December 26, 2007. TRIPRA replaced the Terrorism Risk Insurance Extension Act (TRIEA) which was set to
expire at the end of 2007. TRIPRA provides the same coverage as its predecessor, with one major improvement; the definition of a certified claim (a claim that triggers coverage under the program). TRIEA defined certified acts
of terrorism as one which is committed on behalf of non-United States persons or interests, leaving uncovered any terroristic act committed by United States persons or interests; TRIPRA eliminates this distinction and this coverage gap. Property
damage related to war and to nuclear, biological and chemical incidents is excluded under our policies. While TRIPRA will reimburse insurers for losses resulting from nuclear, biological and chemical perils, TRIPRA does not require insurers to offer
coverage for these perils and, to date, insurers are not willing to provide this coverage, even with government reinsurance. Host has created a wholly-owned captive insurance company that provides a policy of nuclear, biological chemical or
radiological (NBCR) coverage to us, and has the same ability to apply to the US Treasury for reimbursement, as provided for in TRIPRA, which is subject to the same deductibles and co-insurance obligations as other insurance companies. This applies
to property insurance only, and not to general liability or Directors and Officers insurance, and there are no assurances that we will be able to recover any or all of our NCBR losses under this program. Some potential losses are not covered by insurance. We, or our hotel managers, carry comprehensive insurance coverage for general liability, property, business interruption and other risks with respect to all of our hotels and other properties. These policies offer coverage features and
insured limits that we believe are customary for similar type properties. Generally, our all-risk property policies provide coverage that is available on a per occurrence basis and that, for each occurrence, has an overall limit, as well
as various sub-limits, on the amount of insurance proceeds we can receive. Sub-limits exist for certain types of claims such as service interruption, abatement, expediting costs, landscaping replacement and natural disasters such as earthquakes and
hurricanes and the dollar amounts of these sub-limits are significantly lower than the dollar amounts of the overall coverage limit. In this regard, hotels in certain of our markets, including California and Florida have in the past and continue to
be particularly susceptible to damage from earthquakes and hurricanes. Recovery under the applicable policies, however, is subject to substantial deductibles and complex calculations of lost business income. There is no assurance that this
insurance, where maintained, will fully fund the re-building or restoration of a hotel impacted by an earthquake, hurricane or other natural disasters, or the income lost as a result of the damage. Our property policies also provide that all of the
claims from each of our properties resulting from a particular insurable event must be combined together for purposes of evaluating whether the aggregate limits and sub-limits contained in our policies have been exceeded and, in the case of one of
our hotels where the manager provides this coverage, any such claims will also be combined with the claims of other owners participating in the managers program for the same purpose. Therefore, if an insurable event occurs that affects more
than one of our hotels, or, in the case of hotels where coverage is provided by the management company, affects hotels owned by others, the claims from each affected hotel will be added together to determine whether the aggregate limit or
sub-limits, depending on the type of claim, have been reached and each affected hotel may only receive a proportional share of the amount of insurance proceeds provided for under the policy if the total value of the loss exceeds the aggregate limits

24 

available. We may incur losses in excess of insured limits and, as a result, we may be even less likely to receive complete coverage for risks that affect
multiple properties such as earthquakes, hurricanes or certain types of terrorism. In addition, there are other risks, such as some
environmental hazards, that may be deemed to fall completely outside the general coverage limits of our policies or may be uninsurable or may be too expensive to justify coverage. We may also encounter challenges with an insurance provider regarding whether it will pay a particular claim that we believe to be covered under our
policy. Should a loss in excess of insured limits or an uninsured loss occur, or should we be unsuccessful in obtaining coverage from an insurance carrier, we could lose all or a part of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the
anticipated future revenue from the hotel. In that event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property. Litigation judgments or settlements could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition. We are involved in various legal proceedings in the normal course of business. We are vigorously defending each of these claims. Currently, none of these claims seeks relief that, if granted, would have a significant effect on our financial
condition or results of operations. However, we could become the subject of claims by the operators of our hotels, individuals or companies who use our hotels, our investors, or regulating entities, which could have a significant adverse effect on
our financial condition and performance. We may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities related to the business acquired from Starwood. 
 Assets and entities that we acquired from Starwood may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities for which we may have no recourse,
or only limited recourse, against Starwood. In general, the representations and warranties provided by Starwood under the transaction agreement did not survive the closing of the transactions. While Starwood is required to indemnify us with respect
to breaches of certain representations and warranties that did survive the closing, such indemnification is limited and subject to various materiality thresholds, a significant deductible and an aggregate cap on losses. As a result, there is no
guarantee that we will recover any amounts with respect to losses due to breaches by Starwood of its representations and warranties. The total amount of costs and expenses that may be incurred with respect to liabilities associated with acquired
hotels and entities may exceed our expectations, plus we may experience other unanticipated adverse effects, all of which may adversely affect our revenues, expenses, operating results and financial condition. Finally, the indemnification agreement between us and Starwood provides that Starwood will retain certain specified liabilities relating to the assets
and entities acquired by us. While Starwood is contractually obligated to pay all losses and other expenses relating to such retained liabilities without regard to survival limitations, materiality thresholds, the deductible or cap on losses, there
can be no guarantee that this arrangement will not require us to incur losses or other expenses as well. If we were to acquire other hotel
portfolios in the future, we may be subject to similar risks. Environmental problems are possible and can be costly. We believe that our properties comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws. Unidentified environmental liabilities could arise,
however, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and performance. Federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may require a current or previous owner or operator of real
estate to investigate and remediate hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at the property. The owner or operator may have to pay a governmental entity or third parties for property damage and for investigation and remediation
costs 
 
 25 

incurred by the parties in connection with the contamination. These laws typically impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to whether the
owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants. Even if more than one person may have been responsible for the contamination, each person covered by the environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up costs
incurred. In addition, third parties may sue the owner or operator of a site for damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from that site. Environmental laws also govern the presence, maintenance and removal of asbestos.
These laws require that owners or operators of buildings containing asbestos properly manage and maintain the asbestos, that they notify and train those who may come into contact with asbestos and that they undertake special precautions, including
removal or other abatement, if asbestos would be disturbed during renovation or demolition of a building. These laws may impose fines and penalties on building owners or operators who fail to comply with these requirements and may allow third
parties to seek recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated with exposure to asbestos fibers. Compliance with other government
regulations can be costly. Our hotels are subject to various other forms of regulation, including Title III of the Americans with
Disabilities Act, building codes and regulations pertaining to fire safety. Compliance with those laws and regulations could require substantial capital expenditures. These regulations may be changed from time to time, or new regulations adopted,
resulting in additional costs of compliance, including potential litigation. Any increased costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our ability to pay dividends on our common stock may also be limited or prohibited by the terms of our preferred stock. Under the terms of our outstanding Class E Preferred Stock, we are not permitted to pay dividends on our common stock unless cumulative dividends have
been paid (or funds for payment have been set aside for payment) on such class of preferred stock. The amount of aggregate dividends that accrue on the Class E Preferred Stock each quarter is approximately 2.2 million. In the event that we fail to pay the accrued dividends on our Class E Preferred Stock for any reason, including any restriction on paying such dividends
under the terms of our debt instruments (as discussed above), dividends will continue to accrue on such preferred stock and we will be prohibited from paying any dividends on our common stock until all such accrued but unpaid dividends on our Class
E Preferred Stock have been paid (or funds for such payment have been set aside). Risks of Ownership of Host s Common Stock There are limitations on the acquisition of Host common stock and changes in control. Host s charter and bylaws, the partnership agreement of Host LP, Host s stockholder rights plan and the Maryland General Corporation Law contain a number of provisions, the exercise of which could delay,
defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our stockholders or Host LP unit holders or otherwise be in their best interests, including the following: 

Restrictions on ownership and transfer of Host s stock. To maintain Host s qualification as a REIT for federal income tax
purposes, not more than 50 in value of Host s outstanding shares of capital stock may be owned in the last half of the taxable year, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals, which, as defined in the Code, may include certain
entities. Because such ownership could jeopardize Host s qualification as a REIT, a person cannot own, directly or by attribution, 10 or more of an interest in a Host lessee, nor can a Host lessee of any partnership in which Host is a partner
own, directly or by attribution, 10 or more of Host s shares, in each case unless exempted by Host s Board of Directors. 
 26 

Host s charter prohibits ownership, directly or by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Code,
by any person or persons acting as a group, of more than 9.8 in value or number, whichever is more restrictive, of shares of Host s outstanding common stock, preferred stock or any other stock, each considered as a separate class or series for
this purpose. Together, these limitations are referred to as the ownership limit. Stock acquired or held in violation of the
ownership limit will be transferred automatically to a trust for the benefit of a designated charitable beneficiary, and the person who acquired the stock in violation of the ownership limit will not be entitled to any distributions thereon, to vote
those shares of stock or to receive any proceeds from the subsequent sale of the stock in excess of the lesser of the price paid for the stock or the amount realized from the sale. A transfer of shares of Host s stock to a person who, as a
result of the transfer, violates the ownership limit may be void under certain circumstances, and, in any event, would deny that person any of the economic benefits of owning shares of Host s stock in excess of the ownership limit. These
restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if Host s Board of Directors determines that it is no longer in our best interests to continue to qualify as a REIT. 

Removal of Board of Directors. Host s charter provides that, except for any directors who may be elected by holders of a class or
series of shares of capital stock other than common stock, directors may be removed only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast for the election of directors.
Vacancies on Host s Board of Directors may be filled by the concurring vote of a majority of the remaining directors (except that a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors must be filled by a majority vote of the entire
Board of Directors) and, in the case of a vacancy resulting from the removal of a director by the stockholders, by at least two-thirds of votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors. 

Preferred shares; classification or reclassification of unissued shares of capital stock without stockholder approval. Host s
charter provides that the total number of shares of stock of all classes that we have authority to issue is 800,000,000, initially consisting of 750,000,000 shares of common stock and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Host s Board of
Directors has the authority, without a vote of stockholders, to classify or reclassify any unissued shares of stock, including common stock into preferred stock or vice versa, and to establish the preferences and rights of any preferred or other
class or series of shares to be issued. Because the Board of Directors has the power to establish the preferences and rights of additional classes or series of stock without a stockholder vote, Host s Board of Directors may give the holders of
any class or series of stock preferences, powers and rights, including voting rights, senior to the rights of holders of existing stock. 

Consent rights of the limited partners. Under the partnership agreement of Host LP, we generally will have the right to merge or
consolidate with another entity with the consent of partners holding limited partner ownership interests that are more than 50 of the aggregate ownership interests of the outstanding limited partnership interests entitled to vote on the merger or
consolidation, including any limited partnership interests held by us, as long as the holders of limited partnership interests either receive or have the right to receive the same consideration as Host s stockholders. Host, as holder of a
majority of the limited partnership interests of Host LP, would be able to control the vote. Under Host s charter, generally holders of at least two-thirds of Host s outstanding shares of common stock must approve a merger or
consolidation. 

Maryland business combination law. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, specified business combinations, including
specified issuances of equity securities, between a Maryland corporation and any person who owns 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s then outstanding shares, or an affiliate or associate of the corporation who at any time
during the two year period prior to the date in question owned 10 or more of the voting power of the outstanding stock of the corporation (each, an interested stockholder ), or an affiliate of the interested stockholder, are prohibited
for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Thereafter, any of these specified business combinations must be approved by 
 
 27 

80 of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of outstanding voting shares and by two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of voting
shares other than voting shares held by an interested stockholder unless, among other conditions, the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined in the Maryland General Corporation Law, for their shares and the
consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder. As a Maryland corporation, Host is subject to the Maryland business combination statute. 

Maryland control share acquisition law. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, control shares acquired in a
 control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding shares owned by the acquiror, by officers or by directors who are employees
of the corporation. Control shares are voting shares which, if aggregated with all other voting shares previously acquired by the acquiror or over which the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except
solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquiror to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power: (1) one-tenth or more but less than one-third, (2) one-third or more but
less than a majority or (3) a majority or more of the voting power. Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A control share
acquisition means the acquisition of control shares, subject to specified exceptions. Host is subject to these control share provisions of Maryland law. 

Merger, consolidation, share exchange and transfer of Host s assets. Under Host s charter, subject to the terms of any
outstanding class or series of capital stock, we can merge with or into another entity, consolidate with one or more other entities, participate in a share exchange or transfer Host s assets within the meaning of the Maryland General
Corporation Law if approved (1) by Host s Board of Directors in the manner provided in the Maryland General Corporation Law and (2) by Host s stockholders holding two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter,
except that any merger of Host with or into a trust organized for the purpose of changing Host s form of organization from a corporation to a trust requires only the approval of Host s stockholders holding a majority of all votes entitled
to be cast on the merger. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, specified mergers may be approved without a vote of stockholders and a share exchange is only required to be approved by a Maryland corporation by its Board of Directors if the
corporation is the successor entity. Host s voluntary dissolution also would require approval of stockholders holding two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 

Certain charter and bylaw amendments. Host s charter contains provisions relating to restrictions on transferability of
Host s stock, fixing the size of the Board of Directors within the range set forth in the charter, removal of directors and the filling of vacancies, all of which may be amended only by a resolution adopted by the Board of Directors and
approved by Host s stockholders holding two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. As permitted under the Maryland General Corporation Law, Host s bylaws provide that directors have the exclusive right to amend Host s
bylaws. These provisions may make it more difficult to amend Host s charter and bylaws to alter the provisions described herein that could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control or the acquisition of Host common stock,
without the approval of the Board of Directors. 

Stockholder rights plan. We adopted a stockholder rights plan which provides, among other things, that when specified events occur,
Host s stockholders, other than an acquiring person, will be entitled to purchase from us a newly created class or series of junior preferred stock, subject to Host s ownership limits described above. The preferred stock purchase rights
are triggered by the earlier to occur of (1) ten days after the date of a public announcement that a person or group acting in concert has acquired, or obtained the right to acquire, beneficial ownership of 20 or more of Host s
outstanding shares of common stock or (2) ten business days after the commencement of or announcement of an intention to make a tender offer or exchange offer, the consummation of which would result in the acquiring person becoming the
beneficial owner of 20 or more of Host s outstanding common stock. The exercise of the preferred share purchase rights would cause substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire us on terms not approved by Host s Board
of Directors. 
 28 

Shares of Host s common stock that are or become available for sale could affect the share price. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of Host s common stock, or the perception that sales could occur, could adversely affect prevailing market
prices for Host s common stock. In addition, holders of units of limited partnership interest of Host LP, whose OP units may be redeemed, at Host s election, in exchange for common stock, will be able to sell those shares freely, unless
the person is our affiliate and resale of the affiliate s shares is not covered by an effective registration statement. Further, a substantial number of shares of Host s common stock have been and will be issued or reserved for issuance
from time to time under our employee benefit plans, including shares of common stock reserved for options, or pursuant to securities we may issue that are convertible into shares of Host common stock or securities (other than OP units) that Host LP
has issued that are exchangeable for shares of our common stock. As of December 31, 2007, there are approximately 18.3 million OP units outstanding that are redeemable and 1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of two series of
exchangeable senior debentures of Host LP that could become exchangeable under certain conditions for approximately 49 million shares of Host common stock (subject to adjustment for various reasons, including as a result of the payment of
dividends to common stockholders). Moreover, additional shares of common stock issued by Host would be available in the future for sale in the public markets. We can make no prediction about the effect that future sales of common stock would have on
the market price of Host common stock. Our earnings and cash distributions will affect the market price of shares of Host s common stock. 
 We believe that the market value of a REIT s equity securities is based primarily upon the market s perception of the REIT s
growth potential and its current and potential future cash distributions, whether from operations, sales, acquisitions, development or refinancings, and is secondarily based upon the value of the underlying assets. For that reason, shares of
Host s common stock may trade at prices that are higher or lower than the net asset value per share. To the extent we retain operating cash flow for investment purposes, working capital reserves or other purposes rather than distributing the
cash flow to stockholders, these retained funds, while increasing the value of our underlying assets, may negatively impact the market price of Host s common stock. Our failure to meet the market s expectation with regard to future
earnings and cash distributions would likely adversely affect the market price of Host s common stock. Market interest rates may affect the price
of shares of Host s common stock. We believe that one of the factors that investors consider important in deciding whether to buy
or sell shares of a REIT is the dividend rate on the shares, considered as a percentage of the price of the shares, relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates increase, prospective purchasers of REIT shares may expect a higher
dividend rate. Thus, higher market interest rates could cause the market price of Host s shares to decrease. Federal Income Tax Risks
 To qualify as a REIT, Host and each of our subsidiary REITs are required to distribute at least 90 of its taxable income, excluding net capital
gain, regardless of available cash or outstanding obligations. To continue to qualify as a REIT, we are required to distribute to our
stockholders with respect to each year at least 90 of our taxable income, excluding net capital gain. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement but distribute less than 100 of our taxable income and net capital gain for the
taxable year, we will be subject to federal and state corporate income tax on our undistributed taxable income and net capital gain. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions made
by us with respect to the calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income and 95 of our net capital gain for that year and any undistributed taxable income from prior years less excess distributions from prior years. We intend to
make distributions, subject to the availability of cash and in compliance with any debt covenants, to our stockholders to comply with the distribution requirement and to avoid the nondeductible excise tax and will rely for this purpose on
distributions from Host LP and its subsidiaries. However, there are differences in timing between our recognition of taxable income and our receipt of cash available for distribution 
 
 29 

due to, among other things, the seasonality of the lodging industry and the fact that some taxable income will be phantom income, which is
taxable income that is not matched by corresponding cash flow. Due to some transactions entered into in years prior to Host s conversion to a REIT, Host could recognize substantial amounts of phantom income. It is possible that
these differences between taxable income and the receipt of related cash could require us to borrow funds or to issue additional equity to enable Host to meet the distribution requirement and, therefore, to maintain our REIT status, and to avoid the
nondeductible excise tax. In addition, because the REIT distribution requirement prevents Host from retaining earnings, we will generally be required to refinance debt at its maturity with additional debt or equity. It is possible that any of these
sources of funds, if available at all, would not be sufficient to meet Host s distribution and tax obligations. As a result of the
Starwood Transactions, Host owns, through Host LP, 100 of the outstanding common stock (and a portion of the outstanding preferred stock) of two entities that have elected to be treated as REITs. Each of these subsidiary REITs of Host will be
subject to the same requirements that Host must satisfy in order to qualify as a REIT, including the distribution requirements described above. Adverse
tax consequences would apply if Host or any of our subsidiary REITs fail to qualify as a REIT. We believe that Host has been organized
and has operated in such a manner so as to qualify as a REIT under the Code, commencing with our taxable year beginning January 1, 1999, and Host currently intends to continue to operate as a REIT during future years. In addition, after the
Starwood Transactions, Host owns, through Host LP, two entities as of December 31, 2007, that have elected to be treated as REITs. As the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT are extremely complex and interpretations of the
federal income tax laws governing qualification and taxation as a REIT are limited, no assurance can be provided that Host currently qualifies as a REIT or will continue to qualify as a REIT or that each of Host s subsidiary REITs qualify as a
REIT. If any of the subsidiary REITs were to fail to qualify as a REIT, it is possible that Host would fail to qualify as a REIT unless we (or the subsidiary REIT) could avail ourselves (itself) of certain relief provisions. New legislation,
treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly change the tax laws with respect to an entity s qualification as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of its REIT qualification. If Host or any
of the subsidiary REITs were to fail to qualify as a REIT, and any available relief provisions did not apply, the non-qualifying REIT would not be allowed to take a deduction for distributions to its stockholders in computing its taxable income, and
it would be subject to federal and state corporate income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on its taxable income at regular corporate rates. Moreover, unless entitled to statutory relief, the non-qualifying REIT could not
qualify as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which REIT qualification is lost. Any determination that Host or
one of our subsidiary REITs does not qualify as a REIT would have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations and could reduce the value of our common stock materially. The additional tax liability of Host or the subsidiary REIT for the
year, or years, in which the relevant entity did not qualify as a REIT would reduce its net earnings available for investment, debt service or distributions to stockholders. Furthermore, the non-qualifying entity would no longer be required to make
any distributions to stockholders as a condition to REIT qualification and all of its distributions to stockholders would be taxable as regular C corporation dividends to the extent of its current and accumulated earnings and profits. This means, if
Host were to fail to qualify as a REIT, that Host s stockholders currently taxed as individuals would be taxed on those dividends at capital gain rates and our corporate stockholders generally would be entitled to the dividends received
deduction with respect to such dividends, subject in each case, to applicable limitations under the Code. Host s failure to qualify as a REIT also would cause an event of default under Host LP s credit facility that could lead to an
acceleration of the amounts due under the credit facility, which, in turn, would constitute an event of default under Host LP s outstanding debt securities. If our leases are not respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes, Host and each of our subsidiary REITs would fail to qualify as a REIT. To qualify as a REIT, Host must satisfy two gross income tests, under which specified percentages of our gross income must be passive income, such as rent. For the rent paid pursuant to the hotel leases with our TRS

30 

subsidiaries, which currently constitutes substantially all of Host s and each of our subsidiary REITs gross income, to qualify for purposes of
the gross income tests, the leases must be respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes and must not be treated as service contracts, joint ventures or some other type of arrangement. We believe that the leases will be respected as true
leases for federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance, however, that the IRS will agree with this characterization. If the leases were not respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes, neither Host nor any of our subsidiary
REITs would be able to satisfy either of the two gross income tests applicable to REITs and each would most likely lose its REIT status. If our
affiliated lessees fail to qualify as taxable REIT subsidiaries, Host and each of our subsidiary REITs would fail to qualify as a REIT. Rent paid by a lessee that is a related party tenant of Host will not be qualifying income for purposes of the two gross income tests applicable to REITs. We lease substantially all of our hotels to our subsidiary that is
taxable as a regular C corporation and that has elected to be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary with respect to Host. Each of the hotels acquired from Starwood are also leased to either a taxable REIT subsidiary of Host or a taxable REIT
subsidiary of a subsidiary REIT. So long as any affiliated lessee qualifies as a taxable REIT subsidiary, it will not be treated as a related party tenant. We believe that our affiliated lessees have qualified and will continue to
qualify, and that the taxable REIT subsidiaries of our subsidiary REITs will qualify, to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries for federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance, however, that the IRS will not challenge the status of a
taxable REIT subsidiary for federal income tax purposes or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were successful in disqualifying any of our affiliated lessees (including the taxable REIT subsidiaries of our subsidiary REITs)
from treatment as a taxable REIT subsidiary, it is possible that Host or a subsidiary REIT would fail to meet the asset tests applicable to REITs and substantially all of its income would fail to qualify for the gross income tests. If this occurred,
Host and our subsidiary REITs would likely lose their REIT status. Despite the REIT status of Host and our subsidiary REITs, we remain subject to
various taxes. Host or one of its subsidiary REITs will be required to pay federal income tax at the highest regular corporate rate on
 built-in gain recognized as a result of any sale of a hotel asset before the expiration of the applicable 10-year holding period of assets, including certain hotels acquired as part of Host s conversion to a REIT or from Starwood
and its affiliates as part of the acquisition of the Starwood Portfolio. The total amount of gain on which Host would be subject to corporate income tax if all of these built-in gain assets were sold in a taxable transaction prior to the expiration
of the applicable 10-year holding period would be material to us. In addition, we expect that we could recognize other substantial deferred tax liabilities in the future without any corresponding receipt of cash. Notwithstanding their status as a REIT, Host and our subsidiaries (including our subsidiary REITs) will be subject to some federal, state, local and
foreign taxes on their income and property. For example, Host and our subsidiary REITs will pay tax on certain types of income that is not distributed and will be subject to a 100 excise tax on transactions with a taxable REIT subsidiary that are
not conducted on an arm s length basis. Moreover, the taxable REIT subsidiaries of Host and our subsidiary REITs are taxable as regular C corporations and will pay federal, state and local income tax on their net income at the applicable
corporate rates, and foreign taxes to the extent they own assets or conduct operations in foreign jurisdictions. Host LP is obligated
under its partnership agreement to pay all such taxes (and any related interest and penalties) incurred by Host. If the IRS were to challenge
successfully Host LP s status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, Host would cease to qualify as a REIT and suffer other adverse consequences. We believe that Host LP qualifies to be treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. As a partnership, it is not subject to federal income tax on its income. Instead, each of its partners, including Host,
is 
 
 31 

required to pay tax on such partner s allocable share of its income. No assurance can be provided, however, that the IRS will not challenge Host
LP s status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were successful in treating Host LP as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, Host would fail to meet the gross
income tests and certain of the asset tests applicable to REITs and, accordingly, cease to qualify as a REIT. If Host LP fails to qualify as a partnership for federal income tax purposes or Host fails to qualify as a REIT, either failure would cause
an event of default under Host LP s credit facility that, in turn, could constitute an event of default under Host LP s outstanding debt securities. Also, the failure of Host LP to qualify as a partnership would cause it to become subject
to federal, state and foreign corporate income tax, which would reduce significantly the amount of cash available for debt service and for distribution to its partners, including Host. As a REIT, each of Host and our subsidiary REITs is subject to limitations on its ownership of debt and equity securities. Subject to certain exceptions, a REIT is generally prohibited from owning securities in any one issuer to the extent that the value of those securities exceeds 5 of the value of the REIT s total assets or the
securities owned by the REIT represent more than 10 of the issuer s outstanding voting securities or more than 10 of the value of the issuer s outstanding securities. A REIT is permitted to own securities of a subsidiary in an amount
that exceeds the 5 value test and the 10 vote or value test if the subsidiary elects to be a taxable REIT subsidiary. However, a REIT may not own securities of taxable REIT subsidiaries that represent in the aggregate more than 20 of the value of
the REIT s total assets. If Host or any of its subsidiary REITs were to violate these ownership limitations, each would likely lose its REIT status. Host or our subsidiary REITs may be required to pay a penalty tax upon the sale of a hotel. The federal income tax
provisions applicable to REITs provide that any gain realized by a REIT on the sale of property held as inventory or other property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business is treated as income from a prohibited
transaction that is subject to a 100 excise tax. Under existing law, whether property, including hotels, is held as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business is a question of fact that depends upon all of
the facts and circumstances with respect to the particular transaction. We intend to hold our hotels for investment with a view to long-term appreciation, to engage in the business of acquiring and owning hotels and to make occasional sales of
hotels as are consistent with our investment objectives. There can be no assurance, however, that the IRS might not contend that one or more of these sales are subject to the 100 excise tax. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments None. 

Item 2. 
 Properties See Section Our Hotel
Properties of Item 1 above for a discussion of our hotel properties. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings We are involved in various
immaterial legal proceedings in the normal course of business. We are vigorously defending each of these claims. 

Item 4. 
 Submission of matters to a vote of security holders None. 
 32 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS In the following table we set forth certain information regarding those persons currently serving as our executive officers as of February 25, 2008. 

Name and Title 
 
 Age 
 
 Business Experience Prior to Becoming an Executive Officer of the Company 
 
 Richard E. Marriott Chairman of the Board 
 
 69 
 
 Richard E. Marriott joined our company in 1965 and has served in various executive capacities. In 1979, Mr. Marriott was elected to the Board of Directors. In 1984, he was elected Executive
Vice President and in 1986, he was elected Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors. In 1993, Mr. Marriott was elected Chairman of the Board. 

W. Edward Walter President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 52 
 
 W. Edward Walter joined our company in 1996 as Senior Vice President for Acquisitions, and was elected Treasurer in 1998, Executive Vice President in 2000, Chief Operating Officer in 2001,
Chief Financial Officer in 2003 and President, Chief Executive Officer and Director in October 2007. 

Elizabeth A. Abdoo Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
 
 49 
 
 Elizabeth A. Abdoo joined our company in June 2001 as Senior Vice President and General Counsel and became Executive Vice President in February 2003. She was elected Secretary in August 2001.

Minaz Abji Executive Vice President, Asset Management 
 
 54 
 
 Minaz Abji joined our company in 2003 as Executive Vice President, Asset Management. Prior to joining us, Mr. Abji was President of Canadian Hotel Income Properties REIT, a Canadian REIT
located in Vancouver, British Columbia where he worked since 1998. 

Larry K. Harvey Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 43 
 
 Larry K. Harvey rejoined our company in February 2003 as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. In February 2006, he was promoted to Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer.
He was elected Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer in November 2007. Prior to joining us, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Barcel Crestline Corporation, formerly Crestline Capital Corporation. Prior to
that, he was our Vice President of Corporate Accounting, before the spin-off of Crestline in 1998. 

Gregory J. Larson Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Fund Management 
 
 43 
 
 Gregory J. Larson joined our company in October 1993. In 1998, Mr. Larson joined the Treasury group as Vice President of Corporate Finance. He assumed leadership of the Investor Relations
department in 2000, was promoted to Senior Vice President in 2002, and was elected Treasurer in 2005. In November 2007, Mr. Larson was selected to lead our corporate strategy and fund management business and elected to Executive Vice
President. 

James F. Risoleo Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer 
 
 52 
 
 James F. Risoleo joined our company in 1996 as Senior Vice President for Acquisitions, and was elected Executive Vice President in 2000. He is responsible for our development, acquisition and
disposition activities. 
 
 33 

Name and Title 
 
 Age 
 
 Business Experience Prior to Becoming an Executive Officer of the Company 

Brian G. Macnamara Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller 
 
 48 
 
 Brian G. Macnamara joined our company in February 1996, was promoted to Vice President, Assistant Corporate Controller in February 2007, and was elected Senior Vice President, Corporate
Controller in September 2007. Prior to serving as Assistant Corporate Controller, Mr. Macnamara served as Vice President, Financial Reporting and Corporate Real Estate. 

Pamela K. Wagoner Senior Vice President, Human Resources 
 
 44 
 
 Pamela K. Wagoner joined our company in October 2001 as Vice President for Human Resources and became Senior Vice President in February 2003. 
 
 34 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for our common stock and related stockholder matters Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and trades under the symbol HST. The following table sets forth, for the fiscal periods indicated, the high and low closing sales prices per share of our common stock as
reported on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape and dividends declared per share: 

Stock Price 
 
 Dividends Declared Per Share 

High 
 
 Low 

2006 

1st Quarter 

21.25 

18.95 

0.14 
 
 2nd Quarter 

21.41 

19.62 

0.17 
 
 3rd Quarter 

22.66 

20.69 

0.20 
 
 4th Quarter 

25.60 

22.30 

0.25 

2007 

1st Quarter 

28.71 

23.89 

0.20 
 
 2nd Quarter 

27.04 

23.31 

0.20 
 
 3rd Quarter 

26.01 

20.35 

0.20 
 
 4th Quarter 

23.40 

16.71 

0.40 
 Under the terms of our senior notes indenture and the credit facility, our ability to pay
dividends and make other payments is dependent on our ability to satisfy certain financial requirements. See Management Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition Liquidity and Capital Resources and
 Risk Factors Financial Risks and Risks of Operation Our ability to pay dividends may be limited by the terms of our indebtedness. As of February 25, 2008, there were 32,517 holders of record of our common stock. However, because many of the shares of our common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we
believe that there are considerably more beneficial holders of our common stock than record holders. As of February 25, 2008, there were 2,067 holders of OP units (in addition to Host). OP units are redeemable for cash, or, at our election,
convertible into Host common stock. Our ability to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code is facilitated by limiting the number
of shares of our stock that a person may own. Our charter provides that, subject to limited exceptions, no person or persons acting as a group may own, or be deemed to own by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, more
than 9.8 in value or in number, whichever is more restrictive, of shares of Host s outstanding common stock, preferred stock or any other stock, each considered as a separate class or series for this purpose. The Board of Directors has the
authority to increase the ownership limit from time to time, but does not have the authority to do so to the extent that after giving effect to such increase, any five beneficial owners of capital stock could beneficially own in the aggregate more
than 49.5 of the outstanding capital stock. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Ownership of Host: Common Stock There are limitations on the acquisition of Host common stock and changes in control. 
 35 

Fourth Quarter 2007 Purchases of Equity Securities 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Common Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid per Common Share 
 
 Total Number of Common Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 
 Maximum Number (Or Approximate Dollar Value) of Common Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 
 
 September 8, 2007 October 7, 2007 

October 8, 2007 November 7, 2007 

November 8, 2007 December 7, 2007 
 
 744,359 

December 8, 2007 December 31, 2007 

Total 
 
 744,359 

Reflects shares of restricted common stock forfeited for failure to meet vesting criteria. 
 36 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data The following table
presents certain selected historical financial data which has been derived from audited consolidated financial statements for the five years ended December 31, 2007. The following information should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition : 

Fiscal year 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 
 
 2004 

2003 

(in millions, except per share amounts) 

Income Statement Data: 

Revenues 

5,426 

4,813 

3,694 

3,395 

3,068 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

550 

294 

114 

(89) 

(258) 
 
 Income from discontinued operations(1) 

177 

444 

52 

89 

272 

Net income (loss) 

727 

738 

166 

14 

Net income (loss) available to common stockholders 

718 

718 

135 

(41) 

(21) 
 
 Basic earnings (loss) per common share: 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

1.04 

.57 

.23 

(.38) 

(1.04) 
 
 Income from discontinued operations 

.34 

.92 

.15 

.26 

.97 

Net income (loss) 

1.38 

1.49 

.38 

(.12) 

(.07) 
 
 Diluted earnings (loss) per common share: 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

1.01 

.56 

.23 

(.38) 

(1.04) 
 
 Income from discontinued operations 

.32 

.92 

.15 

.26 

.97 

Net income (loss) 

1.33 

1.48 

.38 

(.12) 

(.07) 
 
 Cash dividends declared per common share 

1.00 

.76 

.41 

.05 

Balance Sheet Data: 

Total assets 

11,812 

11,808 

8,245 

8,421 

8,592 

Debt(2) 

5,625 

5,878 

5,370 

5,523 

5,486 

Convertible Preferred Securities(2) 

475 

Preferred stock 

97 

97 

241 

337 

339 

(1) 
 Discontinued operations reflects the operations of properties classified as held for sale, the results of operations of properties sold and the gain or loss on those dispositions.

(2) 
 We adopted Financial Interpretation No. 46 Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities (FIN 46) in 2003. Under FIN 46, our limited purpose trust subsidiary that was
formed to issue trust-preferred securities (the Convertible Preferred Securities was accounted for on a consolidated basis as of December 31, 2003 since we were the primary beneficiary under FIN 46. Effective January 1, 2004,
the FASB revised FIN 46, which we refer to as FIN 46R, and we were required to deconsolidate the accounts of the Convertible Preferred Securities Trust (the Trust ). As a result, we recorded the 492 million in debentures
(Convertible Subordinated Debentures) issued by the Trust and eliminated the 475 million of Convertible Preferred Securities that were previously classified in the mezzanine section of our consolidated balance sheet prior to January 1,
2004. The difference of 17 million was our investment in the Trust, which was included in Investments in affiliates on our consolidated balance sheet prior to the conversion and redemption of the Convertible Preferred Securities.
Between December 2005 and April 15, 2006, we converted or redeemed all of the Convertible Preferred Securities into approximately 30.8 million common shares and 2 million in cash. 
 37 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report.
 Overview As of February 25,
2008, we own 119 luxury and upper upscale hotel properties and we are the largest lodging REIT in the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trust s composite index. A REIT is a legal entity that owns real estate assets and, through
payments of dividends to stockholders, is permitted to reduce or eliminate federal income taxes at the corporate level. Host operates as a self-managed and self-administered REIT and owns approximately 97 of the partnership interests of Host
Hotels Resorts, L.P., or Host LP. Our hotels are operated under brand names that are among the most respected and widely
recognized in the lodging industry. The majority of our properties are located in central business districts of major cities, near airports and in resort/convention destinations. The target profile for our portfolio includes luxury and upper upscale
hotels in urban and resort/convention destinations that benefit from significant barriers to entry by competitors. The classification of a property as luxury or upper-upscale is based on lodging industry standards, which take into consideration many
factors such as guest facilities and amenities, level of service and quality of accommodations. Though hotels meeting this target profile will still be subject to competitive pressures, we believe this strategy will allow us to maintain room rate
and occupancy premiums over our competitors. We also seek to maximize the value of our portfolio through aggressive asset management by assisting the managers of our hotels in maximizing property operations and by completing strategic capital
improvements. Our Customers The majority of our customers fall into three broad groups: transient business, group business, and contract business, which accounted for approximately 56 , 40 and 4 , respectively, of our 2007 room sales. Similar
to the majority of the lodging industry, we further categorize business within these categories based on characteristics they have in common as follows: Transient business broadly represents individual business or leisure travelers. Overall, business travelers make up the majority of transient demand at our hotels, with leisure travelers making up the remainder.
Therefore, our business will be more significantly affected by trends in business travel versus leisure demand. The four key subcategories of the transient business group are: 

Premium: Sometimes referred to as rack rate, typically consists of rooms booked close to arrival during high demand periods and is the highest rate
category available. Room rates will fluctuate depending on anticipated demand levels (e.g. seasonality, weekday vs. weekend stays). 

Corporate: This is the benchmark rate which a hotel publishes and offers to the general public. It is typically the second highest category, and is for travelers
that do not have access to negotiate or discount rates. 

Special Corporate: This is a negotiated rate offered to companies and organizations that provide significant levels of room night demand to the hotel or to hotel
brands generally. These rates are typically negotiated annually, at a discount to the anticipated corporate rate. 

Discount: This encompasses all discount programs, such as AAA and AARP discounts, government per diem, rooms booked through wholesale channels, frequent guest
program redemptions, and promotional rates and packages offered by a hotel. 
 38 

Group business represents clusters of guestrooms booked together, usually with a minimum of 10 rooms.
Examples include a company training session or a social event such as a family reunion. The following three key sub-categories of the group business category are: 

Association: group business related to national and regional association meetings and conventions. 

Corporate: group business related to corporate meetings (e.g., product launches, training programs, contract negotiations, and presentations).

Other: group business predominately related to social, military, education, religious, fraternal and youth and amateur sports teams, otherwise known as SMERF
business. The final category is contract demand, which refers to blocks of rooms sold to a specific company for an
extended period of time at significantly discounted rates. Contract rates are usually utilized by hotels that are located in markets that are experiencing consistently lower levels of demand. Airline crews are typical generators of contract demand
for our hotels. Understanding Our Performance Our Revenues and Expenses Our hotels are operated by third-party managers under long-term agreements
under which they typically earn base and incentive management fees based on levels of the revenues and profitability of each individual hotel. We provide operating funds, or working capital, which the managers use to operate the property, including
to purchase inventory and to pay wages, utilities, property taxes and other expenses. We generally receive a cash distribution from our hotel managers, which reflects hotel-level sales less property-level operating expenses (excluding depreciation),
from our hotel managers each four-week or monthly accounting period, depending on the manager. Hotel revenue is approximately 98 of our
total revenue. The following table presents the components of our hotel revenue as a percentage of our total revenue: 

of 2007 Revenues 

Rooms revenue. Occupancy and average daily room rate are the major drivers of rooms revenue. The
business mix of the hotel (group versus transient and premium versus discount business) is a significant driver of room rates. 
 
 61 

Food and beverage revenue. Occupancy and the type of customer staying at the hotel are the major
drivers of food and beverage revenue (i.e., group business typically generates more food and beverage business through catering functions when compared to transient business, which may or may not utilize the hotel s
restaurants). 
 
 30 

Other revenue. Occupancy, the nature of the property (i.e., resort, etc.) and its price point are the
main drivers of other ancillary revenue, such as parking, golf course, spa, telephone, entertainment and other guest services. 
 
 7 

39 

Hotel operating expenses are approximately 99 of our total operating costs and expenses. The following
table presents the components of our hotel operating expenses as a percentage of our total operating costs and expenses: 

of 2007 Operating Costs and Expenses 

Rooms expense. These costs include housekeeping, reservation systems, room supplies, laundry services
and front desk costs. Occupancy is the major driver of rooms expense. These costs can increase based on increases in salaries and wages, as well as the level of service and amenities that are provided. 
 
 17 

Food and beverage expense. These expenses primarily include food, beverage and labor costs. Occupancy
and the type of customer staying at the hotel (i.e., catered functions generally are more profitable than outlet sales) are the major drivers of food and beverage expense, which correlates closely with food and beverage revenue. 
 
 27 

Other departmental and support expenses. These expenses include labor and other costs associated with
the other ancillary revenues such as parking, golf courses, spas, telephones, entertainment and other guest services, as well as labor and other costs associated with administrative departments, sales and marketing, repairs and minor maintenance and
utility costs. 
 
 29 

Management fees. Base management fees are computed as a percentage of gross revenue. Incentive
management fees generally are paid when operating profits exceed certain threshold levels. 
 
 6 

Other property-level expenses. These expenses consist primarily of real and personal property taxes,
ground rent, equipment rent and property insurance. Many of these expenses are relatively inflexible and do not necessarily change based on changes in revenues at our hotels. 
 
 9 

Depreciation and amortization expense. This is a non-cash expense that changes primarily based on the
acquisition and disposition of hotel properties and the level of capital expenditures. 
 
 11 
 
 The expense components listed above are based on those presented in our consolidated statements of
operations. It is also worth noting that wage and benefit costs are spread among various line items, however, taken separately these costs represent approximately 50 of our hotel operating expenses. Key Performance Indicators Revenue
per available room, or RevPAR, is a commonly used measure within the hotel industry to evaluate hotel operations. RevPAR is defined as the product of the average daily room rate charged and the average daily occupancy achieved. RevPAR does not
include food and beverage or parking, telephone or other guest service revenues generated by the property. Although RevPAR does not include these ancillary revenues, it is generally considered the leading indicator of core revenues for many hotels.
 RevPAR changes driven predominately by occupancy have different implications on overall revenue levels as well as incremental operating
profit than do changes driven predominately by average room rate. For example, increases in occupancy at a hotel would lead to increases in rooms revenues and ancillary revenues, such as food and beverage, as well as additional incremental costs
(including housekeeping services, utilities and room amenity costs). RevPAR increases due to higher room rates, however, would not result in these additional room-related costs. As a result, RevPAR increases due to higher room rates have a greater
impact on our profitability versus increases in occupancy levels. 
 40 

We discuss operating results for our hotels on a comparable basis. Comparable hotels are those properties
that we have owned for the entirety of the reporting periods being compared. Comparable hotels do not include the results of properties acquired or sold, or that incurred business interruption due to significant property damage, large scale capital
improvements or significant events during these periods. We also have presented Comparable Hotel plus the Starwood Portfolio RevPAR. This
metric represents our comparable hotels (described above) plus the 23 hotels acquired from Starwood on April 10, 2006 that we own as of December 31, 2007. Accordingly, we have included the results of the Starwood Portfolio for periods
prior to our ownership in 2006 in the determination of the Comparable Hotel plus Starwood Portfolio RevPAR. See Comparable Hotel and Comparable Hotel plus the Starwood Portfolio Operating Statistics for further detail. We also evaluate the performance of our business through non-GAAP financial measures, including FFO per diluted share and comparable hotel adjusted
operating profit. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures. We use FFO per diluted share as a supplemental measure of company-wide profitability. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures FFO per diluted share for further discussion.
Another key profitability indicator we use is hotel adjusted operating profit, which is a non-GAAP measure to evaluate the profitability of our comparable hotels. Hotel adjusted operating profit measures property-level results before debt service
and is a supplemental measure of individual property-level profitability. The comparable hotel adjusted operating profit that we discuss is an aggregation of the adjusted operating profit for each of our comparable hotels. See Non-GAAP
Financial Measures Comparable Hotel Operating Results for further discussion. Each of the non-GAAP measures should be considered by investors as supplemental measures to GAAP performance measures such as total revenues, operating profit
and earnings per share. Summary of 2007 Operating Results Comparable Hotel plus the Starwood Portfolio RevPAR increased 6.5 in 2007. The RevPAR increase was the result of an increase in average room rates of
5.9 and an increase in occupancy of 0.4 percentage points. For our comparable properties, RevPAR increased 5.8 . The growth in average room rate was driven by a number of positive factors, such as continued economic growth and low growth in
the supply of new luxury and upper upscale hotels. Total revenue increased 613 million, or 12.7 , to 5.4 billion for the year,
primarily due to increases in RevPAR, as well as increases in food and beverage and other revenue items. Revenues for 2007 also reflects a full year of operations for the 23 hotels acquired from Starwood in April 2006 that we own as of
December 31, 2007. Revenues include 1,066 million in 2007 compared to 762 million in 2006 from the Starwood Portfolio. Net income from continuing operations increased 256 million in 2007 to 550 million. The increase was primarily the result of improved operating results at our hotels, increases in gains on insurance settlements, declines in
corporate and other expenses (primarily due to decreases in stock compensation expense and a decrease in non-recurring costs as compared to 2006 which included costs associated with the Starwood acquisition) and a decline in interest expense. Net
income decreased 11 million to 727 million in 2007. The decrease was due to a decline in gains on dispositions from 416 million in 2006 compared to 164 million in 2007. Diluted earnings per common share from continuing
operations increased .45 to 1.01 in 2007, while diluted earnings per share decreased .15 to 1.33 in 2007. FFO per diluted share increased .38, to 1.91, for 2007. FFO per diluted share was reduced by .08 for 2007 due to costs associated with
debt repayments or refinancings. By comparison, FFO per diluted share was reduced by .09 for 2006 for similar transactions, as well as costs associated with preferred stock redemptions and the Starwood acquisition. Comparable hotel adjusted operating profit increased as a result of the increases in overall revenues at our hotels, described above, but was negatively
affected by a 4.3 increase in comparable hotel operating expenses. The increase in expenses was driven by increases in wages and benefits at the hotels and by increased management fees. 
 41 

Investing Activities Acquisitions Domestically, we did not
complete any acquisitions during 2007 due to several factors. During the first half of 2007, increased demand for premium assets (particularly from private equity funds and other buyers as a result of the availability of favorable debt financing)
and continued strong lodging fundamentals caused significant upward pressure on asset prices. However, as the credit markets weakened in the second half of the year, favorable debt financing was not available and few luxury and upper-upscale hotels
were marketed to be sold. As a result, management continued to focus on acquisitions in Europe, where we believe there are opportunities for growth outside of the domestic lodging cycle. Consistent with this strategy, our European joint venture
purchased three properties located in Brussels, Belgium in July 2007. As a result of the acquisition, the European joint venture now holds over 1 billion in lodging assets and reflects a geographically diversified portfolio with ten
properties in five countries. Capital Expenditures During 2007, we continued to enhance the competitiveness of our properties through one of the largest capital expenditure programs in our history. This program consists of ROI/repositioning and value enhancement
projects as well as maintenance capital expenditures. These projects are focused on lobbies, public space, food and beverage facilities, spas, retail outlets, energy conservation, non-guest areas, meeting space and rooms. Over the past two years, we
have spent 1.1 billion on capital expenditures, including 613 million in 2007. We spent approximately 346 million in 2007 on ROI/repositioning projects and value enhancement projects at 23 properties. These projects included the
completion of the 105,000 square foot exhibit hall at the Orlando World Center Marriott, which opened in October 2007, and several significant projects at the Atlanta Marriott Marquis, including the construction of new food and beverage facilities,
renovation of all existing break-out space and the construction of a new 26,000 square foot ballroom, which is scheduled to be completed by the second quarter of 2008. Additionally, at the J.W. Marriott, Desert Springs Resort, we recently renovated
the lobby and opened a completely renovated spa, which expanded the size of the spa to 37,000 square feet. During 2007, our renewal and replacement capital expenditures totaled 267 million and included the renovation of over 6,500 rooms and
over 625,000 square feet of meeting space. Dispositions During 2007, we took advantage of market conditions to dispose of nine properties where we believed the potential for long-term revenue growth was lower.
Proceeds from these sales were approximately 400 million and were used to repay debt, invest in our portfolio, or for general corporate purposes. We recorded a gain on these sales of 164 million, net of tax, in 2007. The interest from
perspective buyers slowed during the second half of 2007 due to the decline in the availability of financing as the credit markets tightened. Financing Activities Maintaining our strong interest coverage and
leverage ratios remains a key management priority and, as a result of continued growth in cash flow at our properties and the repayment and refinancing of debt, we significantly improved our interest coverage and leverage ratios during 2007. During
2007, we issued approximately 1.0 billion of debt, including 600 million of 2 5 / 8 Exchangeable Senior Debentures and
 434 million of mortgage debt. The proceeds, along with cash from hotel dispositions and available cash, were used to retire or prepay 1.3 billion of debt, which included 1.0 billion of mortgage debt, 250 million outstanding
under our credit facility and 6 million of senior notes. Importantly, we only have 247 million of debt maturing plus 14 million of principal amortization in 2008. 
 42 

2008 Outlook We believe that the economic drivers that impact underlying lodging fundamentals, such as growth in GDP, business investment and employment, are likely to weaken in 2008. The expected decline in these drivers will
likely result in a significantly lower revenue growth rate for our hotels than was experienced in 2006 and 2007. While demand growth could moderate as a result of slowing economic drivers, projections for new supply in the markets in which we own
hotels suggest that supply growth will also continue to fall short of long-term historical averages. While the pace of new lodging supply in various phases of development has increased over the past several quarters, the majority of new projects
scheduled for completion in the near-term are largely concentrated in the economy and mid-scale segments and are located outside of major urban markets. Therefore, we do not expect most of the new hotel supply to directly compete with our core
portfolio. We also believe the timing of some of these projects may be affected by increased building costs and the reduced availability of financing. These factors may further dampen the pace of new supply development beyond 2008. 
 We believe the slower economic growth in 2008 will likely result in lower transient demand, primarily from the corporate and leisure segments. Our
group booking pace for 2008 is stronger than 2007; however, the short term group bookings may not materialize to the same extent that they did in 2007. Overall, we expect group demand to be similar to the levels achieved in 2007. Based on this
outlook, we believe the increases in RevPAR in 2008 will continue to be driven by increases in the average room rate rather than occupancy. However, improvements in operating results will be constrained by increasing operating costs as well as
certain costs increasing at a rate greater than inflation, including wages, benefits and real estate taxes. We expect our current level of
capital expenditures and investment projects will continue through 2008. As a result of this program, certain properties will continue to experience temporary business interruption during 2008. Due to the size and number of projects we expect to
complete early in 2008, the disruption may be particularly significant in the first half of the year and, as a result, our operating margins will be adversely affected. However, over the long term, we expect to see improvements in RevPAR and
operating margins as these projects are expected to enhance our properties competitive market position and profitability. As a
result of these trends and our efforts to improve the portfolio, we expect that for the 116 hotels that we consider comparable in 2008, which includes the Starwood Portfolio, RevPAR will increase approximately 2 to 4 when compared to 2007.
 We anticipate that despite the recent tightening of the domestic credit markets, which we expect to restrict other potential buyers,
investment opportunities for asset acquisitions in domestic urban and resort locations will continue to be limited for us. Liquidity concerns should moderate the increases in valuations that have occurred in recent years and limit the number of
buyers who utilize higher levels of leverage. Consequently, owners will not likely be willing to sell their hotels at lower price levels initially, which, in the near term, will reduce the number of domestic properties available that will meet our
return on investment requirements. Additionally, we expect that the decline in prospective buyers due to the tightening of the credit market will continue to limit our dispositions in 2008. However, we believe that in international markets,
particularly in Europe, Asia and Latin America, there are more opportunities wherein we can leverage our investment through the use of joint ventures to acquire quality properties. As a result of the current strength of our balance sheet, and the
number of sources of liquidity available to us (see Liquidity and Capital Resources ), we feel we are well positioned to take advantage of any opportunities that may arise. In 2007, we declared a total dividend of 1.00 per share. For 2008, we expect to declare a fixed .20 per share common dividend each quarter as well as a
special dividend in the fourth quarter, which, based on our current outlook, will be similar to the 2007 level. The amount of any dividend will be determined by Host s Board of Directors. As we believe the trends in the lodging industry provide less opportunity for improvements in our business in 2008, there can be no assurances that any
increases in hotel revenues or earnings at our properties will continue for any number of reasons, including, but not limited to, slower than anticipated
growth in the economy and changes in travel patterns. 
 43 

Results of Operations The following table reflects certain line items from our audited statements of operations and other significant operating statistics (in millions, except operating statistics and percentages): 

2007 

2006 

Change 2006 to 2007 

2005 

Change 2005 to 2006 

Revenues 

Total hotel sales 

5,306 

4,694 

13.0 

3,583 

31.0 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Property-level costs(1) 

4,455 

3,970 

12.2 

3,142 

26.4 

Corporate and other expenses 

69 

94 

(26.6) 

67 

40.3 

Gain on insurance settlement 

51 

13 

N/M 
 (5) 

9 

44.4 

Operating profit 

953 

762 

25.1 

494 

54.3 

Interest expense 

422 

450 

(6.2) 

443 

1.6 

Minority interest expense 

32 

41 

(22.0) 

16 

N/M 
 (5) 
 
 Income from discontinued operations 

177 

444 

(60.1) 

52 

N/M 
 (5) 
 
 Net income 

727 

738 

(1.5) 

166 

N/M 
 (5) 
 
 All hotel operating statistics(2): 

RevPAR 

142.81 

133.48 

7.0 

121.66 

9.7 

Average room rate 

194.71 

182.56 

6.7 

167.64 

8.9 

Average occupancy 

73.3 

73.1 

0.2 pts. 

72.6 

0.5 pts. 

Comparable hotel operating statistics(3): 

RevPAR 

145.37 

137.36 

5.8 

N/A 

8.5 

Average room rate 

197.75 

187.05 

5.7 

N/A 

9.2 

Average occupancy 

73.5 

73.4 

0.1 pts. 

N/A 

(0.4) pts. 
 
 Comparable hotel plus Starwood Portfolio operating statistics(4): 

RevPAR 

145.90 

136.95 

6.5 

N/A 

N/A 

Average room rate 

197.08 

186.09 

5.9 

N/A 

N/A 

Average occupancy 

74.0 

73.6 

0.4 pts. 

N/A 

N/A 

(1) 
 Amount represents operating costs and expenses per our consolidated statements of operations less corporate expenses and the gain on insurance settlement. 

(2) 
 Operating statistics are for all properties as of December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 and include the results of operations for hotels we have sold prior to their disposition.

(3) 
 Comparable hotel operating statistics for 2007 and 2006 are based on 93 comparable hotels as of December 31, 2007. The percent change from 2005 to 2006 is based on 95
comparable hotels as of December 31, 2006. See Comparable Hotel and Comparable Hotel plus the Starwood Portfolio Operating Statistics for further details. 

(4) 
 Comparable hotel plus Starwood Portfolio statistics are based on 93 comparable hotels plus 23 hotels acquired from Starwood in April 2006 that we own as of December 31, 2007.

(5) 
 N/M=Not Meaningful Hotel Sales Overview 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 Change 2006 to 2007 

2005 
 
 Change 2005 to 2006 

(in millions) 
 
 (in millions) 

Revenues 

Rooms 

3,306 

2,925 
 
 13.0 

2,198 
 
 33.1 

Food and beverage 

1,644 

1,472 
 
 11.7 

1,147 
 
 28.3 

Other 

356 

297 
 
 19.9 

238 
 
 24.8 

Total hotel sales 

5,306 

4,694 
 
 13.0 

3,583 
 
 31.0 

44 

2007 Compared to 2006 Hotel sales growth for 2007 was due to increases in RevPAR, as well as increases in food and beverage and other revenue items. Hotel sales for 2007 also
reflect a full year of operations for the Starwood Portfolio and include 1,066 million and 762 million in 2007 and 2006, respectively, from these properties. Sales for properties sold in both years have been reclassified as discontinued
operations. See Discontinued Operations below. Comparable Hotel plus the Starwood Portfolio RevPAR increased 6.5 in 2007 and
comparable hotel RevPAR increased 5.8 (as of December 31, 2007, 93 of our 119 hotels have been classified as comparable hotels). The increase in RevPAR was the result of strong growth in average room rates and a slight increase in occupancy.
The growth in average room rate was driven by increasing demand due to strong economic growth in the first half of 2007 and low growth in the supply of new luxury and upper upscale hotels. As a result of these trends, our operators were able to
continue to increase room rates, while marginally improving the year-over-year occupancy levels. However, occupancy was affected at a number of our hotels by our capital expenditure program, which is described below, as well as weakness in
individual markets. Food and beverage revenues for our comparable hotels increased 3.7 , primarily due to increased sales from our
catering and banquet business and meeting room rentals. In addition, operating margins at our food and beverage outlets increased 1.1 percentage points. Other revenues for our comparable hotels, which primarily represent spa, golf, parking,
internet connectivity and other fees, increased 7.4 . While management evaluates the performance of each individual hotel against its
competitive set in a given market, overall we evaluate the portfolio operating results using three different criteria: property type (i.e. urban, suburban, resort/convention or airport), geographic region and mix of business (i.e. transient, group
or contract). Comparable Hotel Sales by Property Type The following tables set forth performance information as of December 31, 2007 and 2006: Comparable
Hotels plus the Starwood Portfolio by Property Type(a)(b) 

As of December 31, 2007 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2007 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2006 
 
 Percent Change in RevPAR 

No. of Properties 
 
 No. of Rooms 
 
 Average Room Rate 
 
 Average Occupancy Percentages 

RevPAR 
 
 Average Room Rate 
 
 Average Occupancy Percentages 

RevPAR 

Urban 
 
 55 
 
 33,016 

210.91 
 
 77.0 

162.41 

197.19 
 
 76.2 

150.25 
 
 8.1 

Suburban 
 
 32 
 
 12,307 

157.59 
 
 67.5 

106.31 

148.62 
 
 67.4 

100.14 
 
 6.2 

Airport 
 
 17 
 
 7,556 

138.39 
 
 75.2 

104.01 

132.81 
 
 74.1 

98.39 
 
 5.7 

Resort/ Convention 
 
 12 
 
 7,337 

256.16 
 
 70.5 

180.61 

247.96 
 
 71.8 

178.04 
 
 1.4 

All Types 
 
 116 
 
 60,216 

197.08 
 
 74.0 

145.90 

186.09 
 
 73.6 

136.95 
 
 6.5 

45 

Comparable Hotels by Property Type(b) 

As of December 31, 2007 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2007 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2006 
 
 Percent Change in RevPAR 

No. of Properties 
 
 No. of Rooms 
 
 Average Room Rate 
 
 Average Occupancy Percentages 

RevPAR 
 
 Average Room Rate 
 
 Average Occupancy Percentages 

RevPAR 

Urban 
 
 40 
 
 23,518 

210.60 
 
 77.1 

162.32 

196.92 
 
 76.8 

151.21 
 
 7.3 

Suburban 
 
 27 
 
 10,580 

158.52 
 
 67.3 

106.73 

149.14 
 
 67.5 

100.62 
 
 6.1 

Airport 
 
 15 
 
 6,557 

142.90 
 
 74.0 

105.69 

137.58 
 
 72.7 

100.02 
 
 5.7 

Resort/ Convention 
 
 11 
 
 6,825 

261.94 
 
 70.4 

184.44 

253.31 
 
 71.8 

181.91 
 
 1.4 

All Types 
 
 93 
 
 47,480 

197.75 
 
 73.5 

145.37 

187.05 
 
 73.4 

137.36 
 
 5.8 

(a) 
 The 2006 results and percentage change statistics include results prior to our ownership of the Starwood Portfolio. 

(b) 
 The reporting period for 2007 is from December 30, 2006 to December 28, 2007 and for 2006 is from December 31, 2005 to December 29, 2006 for our Marriott hotels.
For further discussion, see Reporting Periods . For 2007, RevPAR increased across all of our hotel property
types, led by our urban hotels, as we benefited from strong performance in several downtown markets such as Boston, New York, and San Francisco. We also experienced RevPAR growth at our suburban hotels due to strong performances at our suburban
Boston, Denver and Los Angeles hotels. RevPAR growth at our airport hotels was led by our San Francisco and Houston airport hotels. RevPAR growth for our resort/convention hotels was moderate as several hotels were significantly affected by major
renovations. Comparable Hotel Sales by Geographic Region The following tables set forth performance information as of December 31, 2007 and 2006: Comparable Hotels plus the Starwood Portfolio by Region(a)(b) 

As of December 31, 2007 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2007 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2006 

No. of Properties 
 
 No. of Rooms 
 
 Average Room Rate 
 
 Average Occupancy Percentages 

RevPAR 
 
 Average Room Rate 
 
 Average Occupancy Percentages 

RevPAR 
 
 Percent Change in RevPAR 

Pacific 
 
 28 
 
 16,019 

200.99 
 
 75.9 

152.60 

191.66 
 
 75.4 

144.44 
 
 5.7 

Mid-Atlantic 
 
 11 
 
 8,681 

260.84 
 
 82.6 

215.51 

237.41 
 
 80.6 

191.25 
 
 12.7 

North Central 
 
 14 
 
 6,175 

153.96 
 
 69.3 

106.63 

148.14 
 
 70.5 

104.46 
 
 2.1 

Florida 
 
 10 
 
 5,922 

205.56 
 
 69.7 

143.25 

199.08 
 
 70.4 

140.17 
 
 2.2 

New England 
 
 11 
 
 5,663 

176.22 
 
 74.7 

131.68 

167.98 
 
 72.3 

121.47 
 
 8.4 

DC Metro 
 
 13 
 
 5,662 

198.34 
 
 75.6 

150.03 

192.78 
 
 73.5 

141.66 
 
 5.9 

South Central 
 
 8 
 
 4,358 

158.80 
 
 70.1 

111.35 

149.65 
 
 71.2 

106.62 
 
 4.4 

Mountain 
 
 7 
 
 2,640 

148.59 
 
 66.7 

99.06 

137.98 
 
 67.4 

92.94 
 
 6.6 

Atlanta 
 
 7 
 
 2,625 

197.10 
 
 68.6 

135.13 

188.61 
 
 70.5 

132.97 
 
 1.6 

International 
 
 7 
 
 2,471 

156.37 
 
 69.3 

108.30 

143.61 
 
 70.4 

101.05 
 
 7.2 

All Regions 
 
 116 
 
 60,216 

197.08 
 
 74.0 

145.90 

186.09 
 
 73.6 

136.95 
 
 6.5 

46 

Comparable Hotels by Region(b) 

As of December 31, 2007 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2007 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2006 
 
 Percent Change in RevPAR 

No. of Properties 
 
 No. of Rooms 
 
 Average Room Rate 
 
 Average Occupancy Percentages 

RevPAR 
 
 Average Room Rate 
 
 Average Occupancy Percentages 

RevPAR 

Pacific 
 
 22 
 
 12,016 

211.60 
 
 75.1 

158.90 

200.75 
 
 74.5 

149.49 
 
 6.3 

Mid-Atlantic 
 
 8 
 
 5,870 

248.56 
 
 81.3 

202.12 

227.45 
 
 79.9 

181.76 
 
 11.2 

North Central 
 
 11 
 
 4,586 

160.44 
 
 70.6 

113.22 

154.63 
 
 72.3 

111.87 
 
 1.2 

Florida 
 
 9 
 
 5,663 

209.60 
 
 69.6 

145.95 

203.71 
 
 70.2 

142.94 
 
 2.1 

New England 
 
 6 
 
 3,032 

182.63 
 
 77.8 

142.10 

170.11 
 
 76.9 

130.81 
 
 8.6 

DC Metro 
 
 12 
 
 5,399 

197.41 
 
 75.4 

148.78 

192.23 
 
 73.1 

140.51 
 
 5.9 

South Central 
 
 7 
 
 4,126 

152.88 
 
 70.5 

107.77 

144.72 
 
 71.6 

103.63 
 
 4.0 

Mountain 
 
 6 
 
 2,210 

142.20 
 
 64.8 

92.08 

132.71 
 
 65.5 

86.98 
 
 5.9 

Atlanta 
 
 7 
 
 2,625 

197.10 
 
 68.6 

135.13 

188.61 
 
 70.5 

132.97 
 
 1.6 

International 
 
 5 
 
 1,953 

165.19 
 
 69.8 

115.31 

151.61 
 
 72.0 

109.21 
 
 5.6 

All Regions 
 
 93 
 
 47,480 

197.75 
 
 73.5 

145.37 

187.05 
 
 73.4 

137.36 
 
 5.8 

(a) 
 The 2006 results and percentage change statistics include results prior to our ownership of the Starwood Portfolio. 

(b) 
 The reporting period for 2007 is from December 30, 2006 to December 28, 2007 and for 2006 is from December 31, 2005 to December 29, 2006 for our Marriott hotels.
For further discussion, see Reporting Periods . For 2007, our Mid-Atlantic region continued to be the top
performing region due to exceptional RevPAR growth by our New York City hotels driven by strong business and leisure transient demand and average room rate increases. The New England region also performed well due to increased city-wide events in
the Boston market, particularly during the second half of the year, as this market was affected by lower levels of group and transient demand during the first half of the year. Increases in RevPAR for our Pacific, Washington D.C. and Mountain regions were generally consistent with the levels for the overall portfolio. Increases
in RevPAR in our Pacific region were driven by the Los Angeles and San Francisco markets. The Los Angeles market grew due to increased average room rates for transient business along with a strong group base. The San Francisco market had a strong
year driven by city-wide events. The growth in the Washington D.C. region was driven by the performance of our downtown hotels, which was partially offset by weak performance by our suburban properties in the region. RevPAR growth during the year in the Florida region was moderate, as group activity was slow due to hurricane concerns and renovation displacement at
several hotels including the Harbor Beach Marriott Resort and Spa and the Tampa Marriott Waterside Hotel and Marina. The weak RevPAR growth in the Atlanta region was due to lower levels of occupancy, as city-wide demand decreased from the unusually
strong performance in 2006 that reflected business relocation from New Orleans due to Hurricane Katrina. However, in the fourth quarter, the Atlanta region experienced RevPAR increases due to strong group bookings in the mid-town area. The North
Central region under-performed the portfolio primarily due to weakness in the Chicago market. Hotel Sales by Business
Mix . The majority of our customers fall into three broad groups: transient, group and contract business. Individual travelers are referred to as transient customers. Those traveling as part of an organized
group, meeting or convention are referred to as group customers. Contract customers represent blocks of rooms sold to a specific company for an extended period of time at significantly discounted rates, such as airline crews.
The information below is derived from business mix data for 109 of our hotels for which business mix data is available from our managers. In 2007, relatively strong demand levels allowed our operators to increase average daily room rates, particularly in the corporate transient segments. Overall transient average daily rates increased 7 when compared to last year and our
overall group average room rate for these hotels increased almost 5 . We expect 
 
 47 

that the ability to achieve increases in average daily rates will moderate in 2008 in conjunction with expectations for weaker economic and demand growth.
 2006 Compared to 2005 Hotel sales growth for 2006 was due to increases in RevPAR, as well as increases in food and beverage and other revenue items. Hotel sales include 863 million in 2006 from the Starwood Portfolio. Sales for properties sold in both
years have been reclassified as discontinued operations. See Discontinued Operations below. As of December 31, 2006, 95
of our 128 hotels were classified as comparable hotels. Comparable hotel sales increased 7.6 to approximately 3.8 billion for 2006. The revenue growth reflects the increase in comparable RevPAR of 8.5 , as a result of an increase in average
room rates of 9.2 and a slight decrease in occupancy of 0.4 percentage points. The growth in average room rate was driven by a number of positive trends such as strong United States GDP growth, low growth in the supply of new luxury and upper
upscale hotels and the strengthening in the group and transient segments of our business. As a result of these trends, our operators were able to significantly increase average daily room rates and continued to manage the mix of business away from
lower rated discount and contract business in favor of higher rated corporate transient and corporate and association group business. However, this yield management at our hotels did result in fewer occupied rooms and was the primary factor for the
slight occupancy decline. Occupancy was also affected by weakness in individual markets and temporary disruption to certain properties due to our capital expenditure program. Food and beverage revenues for our comparable hotels increased 6.6 , primarily due to increased sales from our catering and banquet business. Growth in
sales of our food and beverage operations, which historically represent approximately 30 of our revenues, also positively affected overall operating margins, as our managers continue to shift business from outlets to banquet sales. Food and
beverage margins increased 2.1 percentage points in 2006. Comparable Hotel Sales by Property Type The following table sets forth performance information as of December 31, 2006 and 2005: Comparable Hotels By Property Type(a) 

As of December 31, 2006 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2006 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2005 
 
 Percent Change in RevPAR 

No. of Properties 
 
 No. of Rooms 
 
 Average Room Rate 
 
 Average Occupancy Percentages 

RevPAR 
 
 Average Room Rate 
 
 Average Occupancy Percentages 

RevPAR 

Urban 
 
 39 
 
 22,680 

197.20 
 
 76.8 

151.43 

179.94 
 
 76.6 

137.90 
 
 9.8 

Suburban 
 
 29 
 
 11,138 

145.94 
 
 67.3 

98.27 

134.69 
 
 67.7 

91.12 
 
 7.8 

Airport 
 
 16 
 
 7,328 

135.31 
 
 73.1 

98.85 

122.41 
 
 75.9 

92.89 
 
 6.4 

Resort/ Convention 
 
 11 
 
 6,825 

253.31 
 
 71.8 

181.91 

236.64 
 
 71.8 

170.00 
 
 7.0 

All Types 
 
 95 
 
 47,971 

184.77 
 
 73.3 

135.46 

169.23 
 
 73.7 

124.80 
 
 8.5 

(a) 
 The reporting period for 2006 for our Marriott hotels is from December 31, 2005 to December 29, 2006 and for 2005 is from January 1, 2005 to December 30, 2005.
 For 2006, revenues increased across all of our comparable hotel property types, led by our urban hotels, as we benefited
from strong performance in several of our downtown markets such as Chicago, New York and Boston. RevPAR growth at our resort/convention hotels was driven by the RevPAR increases at our Naples, Florida and Maui, Hawaii resort/convention hotels. The
increase in RevPAR at our airport hotels was less than the comparable portfolio as the increase in average room rates of 10.5 was partially offset by decreases in 
 
 48 

occupancy of 2.8 percentage points due, in part, to renovations at our San Francisco airport hotels. The comparable hotel RevPAR increase for our
suburban hotels reflected an increase in average room rates of 8.4 . Comparable Hotel Sales by Geographic Region The following table sets forth performance information as of December 31, 2006 and 2005: Comparable Hotels By Region(a) 

As of December 31, 2006 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2006 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2005 
 
 Percent Change in RevPAR 

No. of Properties 
 
 No. of Rooms 
 
 Average Room Rate 
 
 Average Occupancy Percentages 

RevPAR 
 
 Average Room Rate 
 
 Average Occupancy Percentages 

RevPAR 

Pacific 
 
 21 
 
 11,485 

201.76 
 
 74.6 

150.44 

184.70 
 
 76.3 

140.87 
 
 6.8 

Florida 
 
 10 
 
 6,435 

192.58 
 
 70.9 

136.47 

177.63 
 
 71.8 

127.57 
 
 7.0 

Mid-Atlantic 
 
 8 
 
 5,865 

227.45 
 
 79.9 

181.76 

207.20 
 
 78.8 

163.22 
 
 11.4 

DC Metro 
 
 13 
 
 5,335 

185.39 
 
 71.8 

133.10 

173.23 
 
 76.4 

132.41 
 
 0.5 

North Central 
 
 12 
 
 4,906 

152.28 
 
 72.2 

109.89 

138.55 
 
 69.0 

95.58 
 
 15.0 

South Central 
 
 7 
 
 4,125 

144.72 
 
 71.6 

103.63 

131.25 
 
 74.1 

97.25 
 
 6.6 

Atlanta 
 
 7 
 
 2,625 

188.61 
 
 70.5 

132.97 

171.69 
 
 69.4 

119.13 
 
 11.6 

New England 
 
 6 
 
 3,032 

170.11 
 
 76.9 

130.81 

155.57 
 
 72.9 

113.35 
 
 15.4 

Mountain 
 
 6 
 
 2,210 

132.71 
 
 65.5 

86.98 

119.89 
 
 64.3 

77.04 
 
 12.9 

International 
 
 5 
 
 1,953 

151.61 
 
 72.0 

109.21 

134.18 
 
 72.2 

96.83 
 
 12.8 

All Regions 
 
 95 
 
 47,971 

184.77 
 
 73.3 

135.46 

169.23 
 
 73.7 

124.80 
 
 8.5 

(a) 
 The reporting period for 2006 for our Marriott hotels is from December 31, 2005 to December 29, 2006 and for 2005 is from January 1, 2005 to December 30, 2005.
 For 2006, we experienced RevPAR increases in all regions. Our New England region was the top performing region due to very
strong group demand at our downtown Boston hotels. The North Central region also performed well primarily due to an increase in the average room rate and the average occupancy. The improvement was the result of strong growth across all segments of
demand, particularly group demand at our six hotels in the Chicago market, which benefited from a significant increase in the number of city-wide convention events in 2006. Additionally, increases in comparable hotel RevPAR in our Mountain region
were due primarily to RevPAR increases at our three comparable hotels in the Denver market and our hotels in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area. RevPAR growth in our Pacific and South Central regions were moderate. Our Pacific region benefited from strong RevPAR growth in the Hawaii and San Diego markets and our South Central region had RevPAR increases driven primarily by strong
increases in average room rate. The DC region was our worst performing region. Comparable hotel RevPAR in the DC region was negatively affected by the renovations at the JW Marriott, Washington, D.C., which had a significant number of rooms out
of service for the first and second quarters of 2006, as well as an overall decrease in congressional activity and a reduction in group business compared to 2005, which included the effect of the Presidential inauguration. Hotel Sales by Business Mix . In 2006, overall demand was stronger and, therefore, our operators were able to significantly
increase average daily room rates, particularly in the corporate transient segments. Overall transient average daily rates increased 10 when compared to last year and our overall group average room rate for these hotels increased almost 7 .
The gap between transient rates and group rates widened in 2006, indicating that pricing power remained strong. The information above was derived from business mix data for 100 of our hotels for which business mix data is available from our
managers. 
 49 

2007 compared to 2006 and 2006 compared to 2005 Rental Income . Our rental income represents lease income from our 71 leased HPT Properties and three office property leases,
as well as lease income from one upper upscale hotel. Rental income improved 1 million in 2007 from 2006 and 8 million in 2006 from 2005 primarily due to the increase in operations at the leased HPT Properties as a result of investments
in the properties by the lessor and improvements in the overall economy. Property-level Operating Expenses 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 Change 2006 to 2007 

2005 
 
 Change 2005 to 2006 

(in millions) 
 
 (in millions) 

Rooms 

789 

696 
 
 13.4 

527 
 
 32.1 

Food and beverage 

1,194 

1,081 
 
 10.5 

854 
 
 26.6 

Other departmental and support expenses 

1,290 

1,158 
 
 11.4 

974 
 
 18.9 

Management fees 

270 

223 
 
 21.1 

161 
 
 38.5 

Other property-level expenses 

395 

361 
 
 9.4 

279 
 
 29.4 

Depreciation and amortization 

517 

451 
 
 14.6 

347 
 
 30.0 

Total property-level operating expenses 

4,455 

3,970 
 
 12.2 

3,142 
 
 26.4 

Operating expenses increased each year from 2005 to 2007 due to several factors, particularly,
inflation and increases in revenue driven costs at our properties. Our operating costs and expenses, which are both fixed and variable, are affected by changes in occupancy, inflation and revenues, though the effect on specific costs will differ.
For example, utility costs include a fixed component but will increase based on occupancy and with inflation, while depreciation expense is fixed except for increases as a result of acquisitions and capital expenditures. Similarly, management fees
are directly effected by total revenues as well as the level of operating profit at each property. Additionally, 2007 property-level operating expenses include the property-level expenses of the Starwood Portfolio for a full year or approximately
 852 million in 2007. Comparatively, property-level operating expenses for 2006 include Starwood Portfolio expenses for the period from April 10, 2006 (the purchase date) through year end 2006 of 599 million. Fiscal year 2005 has no
property-level expenses for the Starwood Portfolio. Property-level operating expenses exclude the costs associated with hotels we have sold, which are included in discontinued operations. Corporate and Other Expenses . Corporate and other expenses primarily consist of employee salaries and benefits including
stock-based compensation expense, as well as other costs such as travel, corporate insurance, audit fees, building rent and system costs. In 2007, corporate expenses decreased approximately 25 million from 2006 due to the decrease in
compensation expense recorded for our stock-based compensation awards primarily due to the decline of our stock price and a significant decrease in the number of shares vested and a decrease in non-recurring costs, such as those costs recorded from
the acquisition of the Starwood Portfolio and other transactions. In 2006, corporate expenses increased approximately 27 million from 2005 due to an increase in compensation expense based on the strong performance of our stock price and an
increase in overall staffing levels, as well as non-recurring costs of 7 million associated with the Starwood acquisition. Gain
on Insurance Settlement . We recorded a gain on insurance settlement of 51 million in 2007, 13 million in 2006 and 9 million in 2005. The gains relate to the insurance proceeds received for both business
interruption and property damage following Hurricanes Katrina and Wilma which occurred during September and October 2005. The hurricanes caused substantial business interruption and property damage at our New Orleans Marriott and at five of our
hotels located in southern Florida. During 2007, we reached final settlement with our insurers on all of these claims. 
 50 

During 2007, we recognized a gain of 30 million related to business interruption insurance proceeds
received as a result of lost profit primarily at our New Orleans Marriott. Additionally, all of the insurance gains of 13 million in 2006 and 9 million in 2005 represent business interruption insurance proceeds. The remaining gain of 21 million in 2007 related to insurance proceeds for property damages sustained by these properties. The gain represents the
insurance proceeds received in excess of the insurance receivable recorded on the balance sheet at the date of loss. The insurance receivable reflected the book value of the property and equipment written off and repairs and maintenance costs
incurred from the hurricanes. We recognize the gains on insurance settlements once all contingencies are met, and, as a result, none of the property insurance proceeds were recognized in income during 2005 or 2006. Interest Income . Interest income increased 4 million in 2007 compared to 2006 and 11 million in 2006 compared to
2005 due to an increase in our cash balance and an increase in the interest rate earned. Interest
Expense . The decrease of 28 million in interest expense for 2007 is primarily due to a net decrease in debt of approximately 253 million and a decrease in our weighted average interest rate of 0.8 percentage
points to 6.0 . The decrease is partially offset by call premiums and the acceleration of the amortization of deferred financing costs associated with debt prepayments totaling 45 million for 2007 compared to similar costs of 17 million
for 2006. The increase of 7 million in interest expense in 2006 from 2005 was primarily due to a net increase in debt of
approximately 508 million and increased rates for our variable rate debt from 2005. The increase was partially offset by a decline from 30 million in 2005 to 17 million in 2006 for call premiums, accelerated deferred financing
costs and original issue discounts and the early termination of our interest rate swap agreements associated with debt prepayments. In addition, interest expense for 2006 includes approximately 5 million of non-recurring bridge loan fees and
expenses related to the Starwood acquisition. Minority Interest Expense . Minority interest expense decreased
 9 million in 2007 due to lower net income of Host LP and a decline in the weighted average ownership percentage of the outside owners of Host LP from 3.83 to 3.42 . Host LP income in 2006 included significant gains on dispositions, net of
tax, of 416 million. In 2006, the increase of 25 million over 2005 was a result of the increase in the net income of Host LP, as well as the net income of certain of our consolidated hotel partnerships that are partially owned by third
parties. Equity in Earnings (Losses) of Affiliates. In 2007, our share of income of affiliates
increased by 17 million over 2006 primarily due to an increase in earnings from our European joint venture, which was formed in 2006. However, in 2006, our share of losses of affiliates increased by 5 million compared to 2005 primarily
due to the losses recorded from our investment in the European joint venture of 8 million, which included our portion of a foreign currency hedge loss of 7 million, as the venture hedged a portion of its initial investment for the
acquisition of six of its hotels. Net Gains on Property Transactions . In 2007 and 2006, the gains
primarily represent the amortization of deferred gains resulting from the sale of the HPT Properties in 1995 and 1996. In 2005, gains also included the pre-tax gain of 69 million on the sale of 85 of our interest in CBM Joint Venture LLC.
 Gain (Loss) on Foreign Currency and Derivative Contracts . The gain on foreign currency and derivative
contracts in 2005 is primarily due to the 2 million increase in the fair value of the foreign currency exchange contracts on two of our Canadian hotels. These agreements were terminated in the fourth quarter of 2005. Discontinued Operations . Discontinued operations consist of the results of operations and the gain or loss on disposition
of nine hotels sold in 2007, seven hotels sold in 2006 and five hotels sold in 2005. For 2007, 2006 and 2005, revenues for these properties during our ownership period were 35 million, 167 million and 266 million, respectively, and
operating income before taxes was 15 million (which includes 7 million of 
 
 51 

gains on insurance settlements relating to our discontinued hotels), 28 million (which includes 3 million of business interruption insurance
proceeds relating to our discontinued hotels) and 34 million, respectively. We recognized a gain, net of tax, of 164 million, 416 million and 19 million for 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively, on the disposition of these
hotels. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Requirements We use cash for acquisitions, capital expenditures, debt payments, operating costs, corporate and
other expenses and dividends to stockholders. As a REIT, we are required to distribute at least 90 of our taxable income (excluding net capital gain) to our stockholders in the form of dividends. Funds used to make these dividends are provided from
Host LP. Our sources of cash are cash from operations, proceeds from the sale of assets, borrowing under our credit facility and our ability to obtain additional financing through various capital markets. We depend primarily on external sources of
capital to finance future growth, including acquisitions. Cash Balances. As of December 31, 2007,
we had 488 million of cash and cash equivalents, which was an increase of 124 million from December 31, 2006. In January 2008, we paid the fourth quarter dividends of 212 million on our common and preferred stock. The
increase in cash is primarily due to proceeds from asset sales and improved operations, partially offset by dividend payments and capital expenditures. Excluding amounts necessary for working capital, we intend to use the remaining available funds
over time to further invest in our portfolio through capital expenditures and stock repurchases, acquire new properties, invest in foreign joint ventures or make further debt repayments. We also have 600 million available under our credit
facility. We believe we have ample liquidity and access to capital markets to take advantage of investment opportunities which may arise, continue our capital expenditures program, deal with our near term maturities and other obligations and to
withstand an unanticipated decline in the cash flow from our business. Debt
Transactions. We seek to maintain a capital structure and liquidity profile with an appropriate balance of debt and equity to provide financial flexibility given the inherent volatility in the lodging industry, the debt
capacity to buy assets in a downturn in the lodging cycle and the ability to continue to pay common stock dividends in the event that operations decline. Our financial flexibility is partially dependent on our ability to maintain compliance with the
financial covenants under our debt agreements. In particular, the covenants under our Credit Facility and our senior notes indenture include, among others, the allowable amounts of leverage, coverage and fixed charges. Our ability to incur new debt,
pay dividends and make investments is dependent upon compliance with these covenants. The liquidity and debt capacity provided by our Credit Facility is a key component of our capital structure. See Financial Condition for further
discussion of our restrictive covenants. Since 2003, we have improved our financial covenant ratios as part of this strategy and, in 2007, we completed a number of transactions that extended our weighted average maturity, reduced interest costs and
further improved our debt covenant ratios. We issued approximately 1.0 billion of debt, which consisted of 600 million of 2 5 / 8 Exchangeable Senior Debentures, as well as 434 million of mortgage debt. The proceeds of these facilities, along with proceeds
from asset dispositions and available cash, were used to retire or prepay 1.3 billion of debt, which included 250 million outstanding under our credit facility and 1.0 billion of mortgage debt. As a result of these transactions,
our debt balance has decreased by approximately 300 million to 5.6 billion as of December 31, 2007 with an average maturity of 5.7 years and a weighted average interest rate of 6.0 , which represents a decrease of approximately
80 basis points from December 31, 2006. In addition to the above financing activities, we paid approximately 35 million of
principal amortization of mortgage debt in 2007. Approximately 247 million of mortgage debt matures in 2008, in addition to 14 million of principal amortization. We may continue to redeem or refinance senior notes and mortgage debt from time to time, including to take advantage of favorable market conditions when
available. We may purchase senior notes for cash through 
 
 52 

open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, a tender offer or, in some cases, through the early redemption of such securities pursuant to their
terms. Repurchases of debt, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. Any refinancing or retirement before the maturity date would affect earnings and Funds From
Operations, or FFO, per diluted share, as defined below, as a result of the payment of any applicable call premiums and the acceleration of previously deferred financing costs. Specifically, interest expense includes 45 million and
 17 million for 2007 and 2006, respectively, for call premiums, the acceleration of deferred financing costs and original issue discounts and the termination of related interest rate swap agreements associated with debt prepayments of
 4 million in 2006. Equity Transactions . On February 19, 2008, Host s Board of Directors
authorized a program to repurchase up to 500 million of common stock. The common stock may be purchased in the open market or through private transactions, dependent upon market conditions. The plan does not obligate us to repurchase any specific
number of shares and may be suspended at any time at our discretion. Host currently has approximately 523 million shares outstanding. Acquisitions and Dispositions. In July 2007, the European joint venture acquired three properties in Brussels, Belgium for 129 million, including our investment of 12 million. For 2007, we sold nine
domestic properties for total proceeds of approximately 400 million and a gain of approximately 164 million, net of tax. The proceeds from the sales were used to repay debt, invest in our portfolio or for general corporate purposes.
 We may acquire additional properties through various structures, including transactions involving portfolios, single assets, joint
ventures and acquisitions of all or substantially all of the securities or assets of other REITs or similar real estate entities. Currently, we are in discussions with a potential partner to invest in properties in the Asia/Pacific region. We
anticipate that our acquisitions will be financed through a combination of methods, including proceeds from sales of properties from our existing portfolio, the incurrence of debt, available cash, advances under our credit facility, proceeds from
equity offerings of Host, or issuance of OP units by Host LP. Capital Expenditures . During 2007, we
continued our capital expenditure programs, which included the renovation of approximately 6,500 rooms and approximately 625,000 square feet of meeting space. In 2007, our renewal and replacement capital expenditures were approximately
 267 million. Our renewal and replacement capital expenditures are generally funded by the furniture, fixtures and equipment funds established at certain of our hotels (typically funded with approximately 5 of property revenues) and by our
available cash. We also spent approximately 346 million on repositioning/ROI and value enhancement projects in 2007. These projects are expected to enhance the competitiveness at our properties and should help drive operating performance.
 Sources and Uses of Cash Cash Provided by Operations . Our cash provided by operations for 2007 increased 120 million to 1.0 billion from 881 million in 2006, due primarily to the growth in
RevPAR, improvements in operating margins and a full year of operations from the properties acquired from Starwood. Cash Used in
Investing Activities . Approximately 192 million of cash was used in investing activities during 2007. This included approximately 400 million of net proceeds from the sales of nine properties and excess land in
2007, which was offset by capital expenditures of 613 million. 
 53 

The following table summarizes significant investing activities that have been completed since the
beginning of fiscal year 2006 (in millions): 

Transaction Date 
 
 Description of Transaction 
 
 (Investment) Sale Price 

Acquisitions 

August 
 
 2007 
 
 Investment in European joint venture(1) 

(12) 
 
 February 
 
 2007 
 
 Purchase of the Atlanta Marriott Perimeter Center ground lease 

(15) 
 
 September 
 
 2006 
 
 Purchase of The Westin Kierland Resort Spa(2) 

(393) 
 
 July 
 
 2006 
 
 Investment in European joint venture(3) 

(61) 
 
 May/June 
 
 2006 
 
 Investment in European joint venture(4) 

(72) 

Total acquisitions 

(553) 

Dispositions 

December 
 
 2007 
 
 Sale of Sheraton Tucson 

25 

November 
 
 2007 
 
 Sale of Minneapolis Marriott Southwest 

45 

August 
 
 2007 
 
 Sale of excess land 

5 

February 
 
 2007 
 
 Sale of Miami Airport Marriott 

57 

February 
 
 2007 
 
 Sale of Raleigh Marriott Crabtree Valley 

48 

February 
 
 2007 
 
 Sale of the Fairview Park Marriott 

109 

January 
 
 2007 
 
 Sale of Sheraton Milwaukee Brookfield Hotel 

28 

January 
 
 2007 
 
 Sale of Sheraton Providence Airport Hotel 

10 

January 
 
 2007 
 
 Sale of Capitol Hill Suites 

39 

January 
 
 2007 
 
 Sale of Marriott Mountain Shadows Resort 

42 

September 
 
 2006 
 
 Sale of The Ritz-Carlton, Atlanta 

80 

September 
 
 2006 
 
 Sale of Detroit Marriott Livonia 

21 

March 
 
 2006 
 
 Sale of Swiss tel The Drake, New York 

440 

February 
 
 2006 
 
 Sale of Marriott at Research Triangle Park 

28 

February 
 
 2006 
 
 Sale of Chicago Marriott Suites Deerfield 

27 

January 
 
 2006 
 
 Sale of Albany Marriott 

58 

January 
 
 2006 
 
 Sale of Fort Lauderdale Marina Marriott 

146 

Total dispositions 

1,208 

(1) 
 During the third quarter of 2007, we invested approximately 12 million, or 9 million, in the European joint venture to fund our portion of the acquisition of three
hotels located in Belgium. 

(2) 
 Investment price includes assumption of 135 million of mortgage debt. 

(3) 
 During the third quarter of 2006, we invested approximately 61 million, or 46 million, in the European joint venture to fund our portion of the acquisition of the
Hotel Arts Barcelona. 

(4) 
 Investment price includes the contribution of the Sheraton Warsaw Hotel Towers valued at 59 million on May 2, 2006, which was acquired from Starwood on
April 10, 2006, and cash to the European joint venture. Cash Provided by/Used in Financing
Activities . Cash used in financing activities was 685 million for 2007 and cash provided by financing activities was 154 million for 2006. During 2007 and 2006, cash provided by financing activities included
the issuance of debt securities for approximately 1.0 billion and 1.4 billion, respectively, net of financing costs. Cash used in financing activities in 2007 and 2006 consisted of debt prepayments of approximately 1.3 billion and
 913 million, respectively, and scheduled principal repayments of 35 million and 59 million, respectively. During 2007,
we increased our common stock dividend payments by 153 million to 444 million due to our strong growth in operations that resulted in an increase in taxable income. We also paid 9 million and 18 million for 2007 and 2006,
respectively, of dividends on our preferred stock. Preferred stock dividends for 2006 include dividends related to our Class C Preferred Stock, which was redeemed in May 2006. 
 54 

The table below summarizes significant debt (net of deferred financing costs) and equity transactions
since January 2006 (not including the conversion of our Convertible Subordinated Debentures in 2006 into 24.0 million common shares or the approximately 133.5 million shares of Host common stock issued in the Starwood acquisition, as these
are non-cash transactions) (in millions): 

Transaction Date 
 
 Description of Transaction 
 
 Transaction Amount 

Debt 

October 
 
 2007 
 
 Repayment of New Orleans Marriott, San Antonio Marriott Rivercenter, San Ramon Marriott and Santa Clara Marriott mortgages with an interest
rate of 8.22 

(190) 
 
 June 
 
 2007 
 
 Repayment of 9.375 Senior Notes 

(6) 
 
 May 
 
 2007 
 
 Defeasance of 7.61 CMBS Loan 

(514) 
 
 April 
 
 2007 
 
 Prepayment of the Philadelphia Marriott Convention Center mortgages with a weighted average interest rate of 8.52 

(96) 
 
 April 
 
 2007 
 
 Prepayment of the 8.41 Four Seasons Hotel, Atlanta mortgage 

(33) 
 
 March 
 
 2007 
 
 Proceeds from the issuance of 2 5 /8 
Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2027 

589 

March 
 
 2007 
 
 Prepayment of the 7.42 mortgage on the JW Marriott, Washington, D.C.(1) 

(88) 
 
 March 
 
 2007 
 
 Proceeds from the issuance of the 5.53 mortgage loan secured by the Ritz-Carlton, Naples and Newport Beach Marriott Hotel 
Spa 

298 

March 
 
 2007 
 
 Repayment of the Credit Facility 

(175) 
 
 February 
 
 2007 
 
 Proceeds from 5.55 Harbor Beach Marriott mortgage refinancing 

134 

February 
 
 2007 
 
 Repayment of 8.58 Harbor Beach mortgage 

(88) 
 
 January 
 
 2007 
 
 Repayment of the Credit Facility 

(75) 
 
 December 
 
 2006 
 
 Draw on the Credit Facility 

250 

December 
 
 2006 
 
 Redemption of 9 1 /4 Series G senior notes

(242) 
 
 December 
 
 2006 
 
 Redemption of 9 1 /2 Series I senior notes

(450) 
 
 November 
 
 2006 
 
 Proceeds from the issuance of 6 7 /8 
Series R senior notes(2) 

490 

September 
 
 2006 
 
 Assumption of mortgage debt on The Westin Kierland Resort Spa 

135 

June 
 
 2006 
 
 Repayment of 8.39 mortgage on the Boston Marriott Copley Place 

(84) 
 
 May 
 
 2006 
 
 Redemption of the remaining 7 7 /8 Series
B senior notes 

(136) 
 
 April 
 
 2006 
 
 Assumption of mortgage debt from Starwood 

77 

April 
 
 2006 
 
 Redemption of outstanding Convertible Preferred Securities 

(2) 
 
 March 
 
 2006 
 
 Proceeds from the issuance of 6 3 /4 
Series P senior notes(2) 

787 

January 
 
 2006 
 
 Proceeds from the issuance of 5.195 Canadian mortgage loan 

116 

January 
 
 2006 
 
 Repayment of the Credit Facility 

(20) 
 
 2007/2006 

Principal amortization 

(94) 

Net debt transactions 

583 

Equity 

May 
 
 2006 
 
 Redemption of 5.98 million shares of 10 Class C preferred stock 

(151) 

Net equity transactions 

(151) 

(1) 
 The JW Marriott, Washington, D.C. mortgage debt had a floating interest rate of LIBOR plus 210 basis points. The interest rate shown reflects the rate as of the date of the
transaction. 

(2) 
 The Series R senior notes were exchanged for Series S senior notes in February 2007. The Series P senior notes were exchanged for Series Q senior notes in August 2006.
 
 55 

Financial Condition As of December 31, 2007, our total debt was 5.6 billion all of which carried a fixed rate of interest. Total debt was comprised of (in millions): 

December 31, 2007 
 
 December 31, 2006 
 
 Series K senior notes, with a rate of 7 1 /
 8 due November 2013 

725 

725 
 
 Series M senior notes, with a rate of 7 due August 2012 

347 

347 
 
 Series O senior notes, with a rate of 6 3 /
 8 due March 2015 

650 

650 
 
 Series Q senior notes, with a rate of 6 3 /
 4 due June 2016 

800 

800 
 
 Series S senior notes, with a rate of 6 7 /
 8 due November 2014 

497 

496 
 
 500 million Exchangeable Senior Debentures, with a rate of 3.25 due April 2024 

496 

495 
 
 600 million Exchangeable Senior Debentures, with a rate of 2 5 / 8 due April 2027 

592 

Senior notes, with an average rate of 10 and 9.7 at December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively, due May
2012 

7 

13 

Total senior notes 

4,114 

3,526 
 
 Mortgage debt secured by 2.1 billion of real estate assets, with an average interest rate of 6.6 at December 31, 2007 and
7.5 at December 31, 2006 

1,423 

2,014 
 
 Credit Facility 

250 
 
 Other 

88 

88 

Total debt 

5,625 

5,878 

Aggregate debt maturities at December 31, 2007 are as follows (in millions): 

2008 

261 

2009 

319 

2010 

511 

2011 

141 

2012 

968 

Thereafter 

3,441 

5,641 

Discount on senior notes 

(18) 
 
 Capital lease obligations 

2 

5,625 

Senior Notes General. The following summary is a description of the material provisions of the indentures governing our various senior
notes issues by Host LP, which we refer to collectively as the senior notes indenture. We pay interest on each series of our outstanding senior notes semi-annually in arrears at the respective annual rates indicated on the table above. Under the
terms of our senior notes indenture, our senior notes are equal in right of payment with all of Host LP s unsubordinated indebtedness and senior to all subordinated obligations of Host LP. The notes outstanding under our senior notes indenture
are guaranteed by certain of our existing subsidiaries and currently are secured by pledges of equity interests in many of our subsidiaries. The guarantees and pledges ratably benefit the notes outstanding under our senior notes indenture, as well
as our credit facility, certain other senior debt, and interest rate swap agreements and other hedging agreements with lenders that are parties to the credit facility. The pledges are permitted to be released in the event that our leverage ratio
falls below 6.0x for two consecutive fiscal quarters. Because our leverage ratio is below this threshold, we have the right to release all pledges at any time. In October 2005, we exercised this right for pledges of capital stock that would have
been otherwise required subsequent to this date. 
 56 

Restrictive Covenants . Under the terms of the senior notes indenture, our
ability to incur indebtedness and pay dividends is subject to restrictions and the satisfaction of various conditions, including the achievement of an EBITDA to interest coverage ratio of at least 2.0x by Host LP. Host LP is able to make
distributions to enable Host to pay dividends on its preferred stock under the senior notes indenture when our EBITDA-to-interest coverage ratio is above 1.7 to 1.0. This ratio is calculated in accordance with our senior notes indenture and excludes
from interest expense items such as interest on our Convertible Subordinated Debentures, call premiums and deferred financing charges that are included in interest expense on our consolidated statement of operations. Additionally, the calculation is
based on our pro forma results for the four prior fiscal quarters giving effect to transactions, such as acquisitions, dispositions and financings, as if they occurred at the beginning of the period. Other covenants limiting our ability to incur
indebtedness and pay dividends include maintaining total indebtedness of less than 65 of adjusted total assets (using undepreciated real estate values) and secured indebtedness of less than 45 of adjusted total assets. So long as we maintain the
required level of interest coverage and satisfy these and other conditions in the senior notes indenture, we may pay preferred or common dividends and incur additional debt under the senior notes indenture, including debt incurred in connection with
an acquisition. Our senior notes indenture also imposes restrictions on customary matters, such as our ability to pay dividends on, redeem or repurchase our equity interests; make investments; permit payment or dividend restrictions on certain of
our subsidiaries; sell assets; guarantee indebtedness; enter into transactions with affiliates; create certain liens; and sell certain assets or merge with or into other companies. As of December 31, 2007, we are in compliance with all of our
financial covenants under our senior notes indentures. 600 million
Exchangeable Senior Debentures. On March 23, 2007, Host LP issued 600 million 2 5 / 8 Exchangeable Senior Debentures (the 2007 Debentures and received proceeds of 589 million, net of underwriting fees and expenses and
original issue discount. The 2007 Debentures mature on April 15, 2027 and are equal in right of payment with all of our other senior notes. Interest is payable quarterly in arrears on January 15, April 15, July 15 and
October 15 of each year beginning on July 15, 2007. Holders have the right to require us to repurchase the 2007 Debentures on April 15, 2012, April 15, 2017 and April 15, 2022 for cash equal to 100 of the principal amount
plus accrued interest. Holders may exchange their 2007 Debentures prior to maturity under certain conditions, including when the closing sale price of Host s common stock is more than 130 of the exchange price per share for at least 20 of 30
consecutive trading days during certain periods or any time up to two days prior to the date on which the debentures have been called for redemption. On exchange, we must deliver cash in an amount equal to not less than the lower of the exchange
value (which is the applicable exchange rate multiplied by the average price of our common shares) and the aggregate principal amount of the 2007 Debentures to be exchanged, and, at our option, shares, cash or a combination thereof for any excess
above the principal value. We can redeem for cash all, or part of, the 2007 Debentures at any time on or after April 20, 2012 upon 15 days notice at a redemption price of 100 of the principal amount plus accrued interest. If we elect to redeem
the debentures and the exchange value exceeds the cash redemption price, we would expect holders to elect to exchange their debentures at the exchange value described above rather than receive the cash redemption price. The current exchange rate is
31.35 shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of debentures, which is equivalent to an exchange price of 31.90 per share of Host common stock. The exchange rate may be adjusted under certain circumstances including the payment of
common dividends exceeding .20 per share in any given quarter. 500 million Exchangeable Senior
Debentures. On March 16, 2004, Host LP issued 500 million of 3.25 Exchangeable Senior Debentures (the 2004 Debentures and received net proceeds of 484 million, after discounts, underwriting
fees and expenses. The 2004 Debentures mature on April 15, 2024 and are equal in right of payment with all of our other senior notes. Interest is payable quarterly in arrears on January 15, April 15, July 15 and
October 15 of each year. Holders have the right to require us to repurchase the 2004 Debentures on April 15, 2010, April 15, 2014 and April 15, 2019 for cash equal to 100 of the principal amount. Holders may exchange their
2004 Debentures prior to maturity under certain conditions, including at any time at which the closing sale price of our common stock is more than 120 of the exchange price per share, for at least 20 of 30 consecutive trading days during certain
periods or any time up to two days prior to the date on which the debentures have been called for redemption. The current exchange rate is 60.9201 shares for each 
 
 57 

1,000 of principal amount of the 2004 Debentures, (which is equivalent to an exchange price of 16.41 per share). The exchange rate is adjusted for certain
circumstances, including the payment of all common dividends. We can redeem for cash all, or part of, the 2004 Debentures at any time subsequent to April 19, 2009 upon 30 days notice at the applicable redemption price as set forth in the
indenture. If we elect to redeem the debentures and the exchange value exceeds the cash redemption price, we would expect holders to elect to exchange their debentures for stock rather than receive the cash redemption price. Credit Facility General. On May 25, 2007, we entered into a second amended and restated bank credit facility (which we refer to as the Credit Facility) with Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as Administrative Agent, Bank
of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, Citicorp North America Inc., Soci t G n rale and Calyon New York Branch, as Co-Documentation Agents and certain other agents and lenders. The Credit Facility provides aggregate
revolving loan commitments in the amount of 600 million. During any period in which our leverage ratio equals or exceeds 7.0x, new borrowings are limited to such amount as does not cause the aggregate outstanding principal amount under the
Credit Facility to exceed 300 million. The Credit Facility also includes subcommitments for (i) the issuance of letters of credit in an aggregate amount of 10 million and (ii) loans in certain foreign currencies in an aggregate
amount of 300 million, (A) 150 million of which may be loaned to certain of our Canadian subsidiaries in Canadian Dollars and (B) 300 million of which may be loaned to us in Pounds Sterling and Euros. The Credit Facility
has an initial scheduled maturity of September 2011. We have an option to extend the maturity for an additional year if certain conditions are met in September 2011. Subject to certain conditions, we also have the option to increase the amount of
the facility by up to 400 million to the extent that any one or more lenders, whether or not currently party to the Credit Facility, commits to be a lender for such amount. Currently, there are no amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility.
 The obligations under the Credit Facility are guaranteed by certain of our existing subsidiaries and is currently secured by pledges of
equity interests in many of our subsidiaries. As with the prior facility, the pledges are permitted to be released in the event that certain conditions are satisfied, including the requirement that our leverage ratio falls below 6.0x for two
consecutive fiscal quarters. As a result of having satisfied such conditions under the prior credit facility, currently we are not required to pledge our equity interests in any newly acquired or formed subsidiary, and at our elections, may obtain a
release of all existing pledges for so long as our leverage ratio continues to be below 6.0x for two consecutive fiscal quarters. The guarantees and pledges ratably benefit our Credit Facility, as well as the notes outstanding under our senior notes
indenture and interest rate swap agreements and other hedging agreements with lenders that are parties to the Credit Facility. Financial Covenants. While the financial covenants under the Credit Facility are generally comparable to those contained in our prior facility (including covenants concerning leverage, fixed charge coverage and
unsecured interest coverage), they are set at less restrictive levels than the corresponding covenants contained in our prior facility. Specifically, prior to the end of our third quarter of 2009, we are permitted to make borrowings and maintain
amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility so long as our leverage ratio is not in excess of 7.5x and our unsecured coverage ratio is not less than 1.5x. Thereafter, the maximum leverage ratio under the Credit Facility is reduced to 7.25x, with
the minimum unsecured coverage ratio continuing to be set at 1.5x. In all cases, if our leverage ratio equals or exceeds 7.0x, new borrowings are limited to such amount as does not cause the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Credit
Facility to exceed 300 million. The financial covenants for the Credit Facility do not apply when there are no borrowings under the Credit Facility. Hence, so long as there are no amounts outstanding, we would not be in default if we do not
satisfy the financial covenants and we do not lose the potential to draw under the Credit Facility in the future if we were ever to come back into compliance with the financial covenants. As of December 31, 2007, our leverage ratio is 3.5x
versus the 7.5x maximum leverage ratio allowed under the Credit Facility and our fixed charge coverage ratio is 3.0x versus the 1.0x minimum fixed charge coverage ratio allowed under the Credit Facility. Accordingly, we are in compliance with these
and all of our other financial covenants under the Credit Facility as of December 31, 2007. 
 58 

The following table summarizes the financial tests contained in the credit facility: 

Financial Covenant Levels 
 
 Year 
 
 Minimum unsecured interest coverage ratio(a) 
 
 Maximum leverage ratio 

Minimum fixed charge coverage ratio 
 
 2007 
 
 1.75 
 
 7.5 

1.00 
 
 2008 
 
 1.75 
 
 7.5 

1.00 
 
 2009 
 
 1.75 
 
 7.5 
 (b) 
 
 1.05 
 
 2010 
 
 1.75 
 
 7.25 

1.10 
 
 2011 
 
 1.75 
 
 7.25 

1.15 

(a) 
 If, at any time our leverage ratio is above 7.0x, our minimum unsecured interest coverage ratio will lower to 1.5x. 

(b) 
 The maximum leverage ratio declines to 7.25x at the end of the third quarter 2009, and remains at 7.25x thereafter. Interest and Fees. We pay interest on borrowings under the Credit Facility at floating interest rates plus a margin that is
set with reference to our leverage ratio. In the case of LIBOR borrowings in U.S. Dollars, as well as Euros and Pounds Sterling denominated borrowings, the rate of interest ranges from 65 basis points to 150 basis points over LIBOR, which represents
a reduction from the previous spread of 200 to 300 basis points over LIBOR due to the amended Credit Facility. Based on our current leverage ratio of 3.5x, we can borrow at a rate of LIBOR plus 65 basis points. To the extent that amounts under the
Credit Facility remain unused, we pay a quarterly commitment fee on the unused portion of the loan commitment. The commitment fee has been reduced from a range of 35 to 55 basis points to a range of 10 to 15 basis points. Other Covenants. The Credit Facility contains restrictive covenants on customary matters. Certain covenants become less
restrictive at any time that our leverage ratio falls below 6.0x. In particular, at any time that our leverage ratio is below 6.0x, we will not be subject to limitations on capital expenditures, and the limitations on acquisitions, investments and
dividends contained in the Credit Facility will be superseded by the generally less restrictive corresponding covenants in our senior notes indenture. Additionally, the Credit Facility s restrictions on incurrence of debt and the payment of
dividends are generally consistent with our senior notes indenture. These provisions, under certain circumstances, limit debt incurrence to debt incurred under the Credit Facility or in connection with a refinancing, and limit dividend payments to
those necessary to maintain our tax status as a REIT. Mortgage and Other Debt General . As of December 31, 2007, we had 16 assets that were secured by mortgage debt. Substantially all of our
mortgage debt is recourse solely to specific assets except in instances of fraud, misapplication of funds and other customary recourse provisions. As of December 31, 2007, secured debt represented approximately 25 of our total debt and our
aggregate secured debt had an average interest rate of 6.6 and an average maturity of 4.9 years. 
 59 

The following table summarizes our outstanding debt and scheduled amortization and maturities related to
mortgage and other debt as of December 31, 2007 (in millions): 

Balance as of December 31, 2007 
 
 2008 
 
 2009 
 
 2010 
 
 2011 
 
 2012 
 
 Thereafter 
 
 Mortgage Debt 

Orlando Marriott World Center, 7.48 , due 7/1/2008 

209 

209 

San Diego Marriott Hotel and Marina, 8.45 , due 7/1/2009 

178 

3 

175 

Atlanta Marriott Marquis, 7.4 , due 2/11/2023(1) 

133 

4 

5 

5 

5 

6 

108 
 
 The Westin Kierland, 5.08 , due 12/1/2009 

134 

134 

Harbor Beach Marriott Resort and Spa, 5.55 , due 3/1/2014 

134 

134 
 
 The Ritz-Carlton, Naples and Newport Beach Marriott Bayview, 5.531 , Due 3/1/2014 

300 

300 
 
 Desert Springs, a JW Marriott Resort and Spa, 7.8 , due 12/11/2022(1) 

83 

3 

3 

4 

4 

4 

65 
 
 The Westin Tabor Center, 8.51 , due 12/11/2023 

43 

1 

1 

1 

1 

2 

37 
 
 Other mortgage debt(2) 

209 

40 

2 

1 

130 

36 

Total mortgage debt 

1,423 

260 

320 

11 

140 

12 

680 

Other Debt 

Philadelphia Airport Marriott industrial revenue bonds, 7 3 / 4 , due 12/1/2017 

40 

40 
 
 Capital leases and other(3) 

48 

48 

Total other debt 

88 

88 

Total mortgage and other debt 

1,511 

260 

320 

11 

140 

12 

768 

(1) 
 Beginning in 2010, the interest rate on these loans increases a minimum of 200 basis points and all excess cash (as defined in the loan agreement) generated by the partnerships that
own these two properties is applied to principal; however, the loans can be repaid without a premium or penalty on that date. The amortization presented is the minimum principal payment considering the increase in interest rate, but does not include
additional principal payments based on excess cash flow. 

(2) 
 Other mortgage debt consists of individual mortgage debt amounts that are less than 40 million, have an average interest rate of 6.2 at December 31, 2007 and mature
through 2022. 

(3) 
 Capital leases and other consist of three loans with an average interest rate of 7.1 that mature through 2016, and capital leases with varying interest rates and maturity dates.
 Mortgage Debt of Consolidated and Unconsolidated Partner Interests For the entities that we consolidate in our financial statements that have third party minority partnership interests, the proportion of mortgage debt
included in the above table that is attributable to the minority owners, based on their percentage of ownership of the partnerships, is approximately 88 million. Additionally, we have minority interests in partnerships and joint ventures that
are not consolidated and are accounted for under the equity method. The proportion of the mortgage and other debt of these partnerships attributable to us, based on our percentage of ownership of the partnerships, was 351 million at
December 31, 2007. Approximately 90 of this debt balance is due to our 32.1 ownership interest in the European joint venture. The debt of our unconsolidated partnerships is non recourse to us. 
 60 

Credit Ratings Currently, we have approximately 4.125 billion of senior notes outstanding and 100 million of preferred stock that are rated by Moody s
Investors Service, Standard Poor s and Fitch Ratings. Moody s rating on our senior notes debt is Ba1 and our preferred stock is Ba2. Standard Poor s rating on our senior debt is BB and the rating on our preferred
stock is B. Fitch s rating on our senior notes debt is BB+ and our preferred stock is BB. If our operations or our credit ratios were to decline, the ratings on our securities could be reduced. If we were unable to subsequently improve our
credit ratings, our cost to issue additional senior notes, either in connection with a refinancing or otherwise, or additional preferred stock would likely increase. Dividend Policy Host is required to distribute at least 90 of its annual taxable income,
excluding net capital gain, to its stockholders to qualify as a REIT, including taxable income recognized for federal income tax purposes but with regard to which we do not receive corresponding cash. Funds used by Host to pay dividends on its
common and preferred stock are provided through distributions from Host LP. For every share of common and preferred stock of Host, Host LP has issued to Host a corresponding common OP unit and preferred OP unit. As of February 25, 2008, Host is
the owner of substantially all of the preferred OP units and approximately 97 of the common OP units. The remaining 3 of the common OP units are held by various third-party limited partners. Investors should take into account the 3 minority position in Host LP common OP units when analyzing common and preferred dividend payments by Host to
its stockholders, as these holders share, on a pro rata basis, in amounts being distributed by Host LP to holders of its corresponding common and preferred OP units. When Host pays a common or preferred dividend, Host LP pays an equivalent per unit
distribution on all common or corresponding preferred OP units. For example, if Host paid a 1 per share dividend on its common stock, it would be based on payment of a 1 per common unit distribution by Host LP to Host, as well as to other common
OP unit holders. Host s current policy on common dividends is generally to distribute, over time, 100 of its estimated annual
taxable income. Host intends to pay a regular quarterly dividend of 0.20 per share, and, in addition, to declare a special dividend during the fourth quarter of each year, the amount of which will vary depending on Host s level of estimated
taxable income. Host currently intends to continue paying dividends on its preferred stock, regardless of the amount of taxable income, unless contractually restricted. The amount of any dividends will be determined by Host s Board of
Directors. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We are party to various transactions, agreements or other
contractual arrangements with unconsolidated entities (which we refer to as off-balance sheet arrangements under which we have certain contingent liabilities and guarantees. As of December 31, 2007, we are party to the following
material off-balance sheet arrangements: Unconsolidated Investments . We have invested approximately
 115 million 150 million) in the European joint venture. Under the joint venture s partnership agreement, the aggregate size of the European joint venture can increase to approximately 533 million of equity (of which
approximately 171 million would be contributed by Host LP) and, once all funds have been invested, would be approximately 1.5 billion of assets. The European joint venture currently has 688.5 million of debt
outstanding, none of which is recourse to us. As of December 31, 2007, the aggregate size of the European joint venture was
approximately 1.1 billion 1.5 billion), including total capital contributions of approximately 359 million 464 million), of which a total of approximately 115 million 150 million) was from the
contribution by us of cash and the Sheraton Warsaw 
 
 61 

Hotel Towers. In connection with the European joint venture, the partners agreed that they would not individually make investments that are
consistent with the European joint venture s investment parameters for a period of two years (three years in the case of Host) or until at least 90 of its committed capital is called or reserved for use prior to such date. On February 5, 2008, we entered into a foreign currency forward purchase contract to hedge a portion of the foreign currency exposure resulting from
the eventual repatriation of our net investment in the European joint venture. We hedged 30 million 43 million) of our investment and the forward purchase will occur in August 2011. The derivative is considered a hedge of the foreign
currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation, and, in accordance with SFAS 133, will be marked-to-market with changes in fair value recorded to accumulated other comprehensive income within the stockholder s equity portion
of our balance sheet. We also have other unconsolidated investments with a total of 814 million in debt with various partners. For
additional detail on these investments and the European joint venture, see Note 3, Investments in Affiliates, and Note 7, Leases, in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Tax Sharing Arrangements . Under tax sharing agreements with former affiliated companies (such as Marriott International,
HMS Host and Barcel Crestline Corporation), we are obligated to pay certain taxes (federal, state, local and foreign, including any related interest and penalties) relating to periods in which the companies were affiliated with us. For
example, a taxing authority could adjust an item deducted by a former affiliate during the period that this former affiliate was owned by us. This adjustment could produce a material tax liability that we may be obligated to pay under the tax
sharing agreement. Additionally, under the partnership agreement between Host and Host LP, Host LP is obligated to pay certain taxes (federal, state, local and foreign, including any related interest and penalties) incurred by Host, as well as any
liabilities the IRS may successfully assert against Host. We do not expect any amounts paid under the tax sharing arrangements to be material. Tax Indemnification Agreements. For reasons relating to federal and state income tax considerations of the former and current owners of five hotels, we have agreed to restrictions on selling the hotels, or
repaying or refinancing the mortgage debt for varying periods depending on the hotel. These agreements require that we indemnify the owners for their tax consequences resulting from our selling the hotel or refinancing the mortgage debt during the
period under the agreements, most of which will expire between 2008 and 2010. We also have agreed not to sell more than 50 of the original allocated value attributable to a portfolio of 11 additional hotels, or to take other actions that would
result in the recognition and allocation of gain to the former owners of such hotels for federal income tax purposes. Because the timing of these potential transactions is within our control, we believe that the likelihood of any material
indemnification to be remote and, therefore, not material to our financial statements. On average, these restrictions will generally expire, or cease to be significant, in 2009. Guarantees . We have certain guarantees, which consist of commitments we have made to third parties for leases or debt, that
are not on our books due to various dispositions, spin-offs and contractual arrangements, but that we have agreed to pay in the event of certain circumstances including default by an unrelated party. We consider the likelihood of any material
payments under these guarantees to be remote. The largest guarantees (by dollar amount) are listed below: 

We remain contingently liable for rental payments on certain divested non-lodging properties. These primarily represent divested restaurants that were sold subject
to our guarantee of the future rental payments. The aggregate amount of these future rental payments is approximately 25 million as of December 31, 2007. 

In 1997, we owned Leisure Park Venture Limited Partnership, which owns and operates a senior living facility. We no longer have an ownership interest in the
partnership, but we remain obligated under a guarantee of interest and principal with regard to 14.7 million of municipal bonds issued by the New Jersey Economic Development Authority through their maturity in 2027. However, to the extent we
are required to make any payments under the guarantee, we have been indemnified by Barcel Crestline Corporation, who, in turn, is indemnified by the current owner of the facility. 
 62 

In connection with the sale of two hotels in January 2005, we remain contingently liable for the amounts due under the respective ground leases. The future minimum
lease payments are approximately 14 million through the full term of the leases, including renewal options. We believe that any liability related to these ground leases is remote, and in each case, we have been indemnified by the purchaser of
the hotel. Information on other guarantees and other off-balance sheet arrangements may be found in Note 17 to our
consolidated financial statements. Contractual Obligations The table below summarizes our obligations for principal and estimated interest payments on our debt, future minimum lease payments on our operating and
capital leases, projected capital expenditures and other long-term liabilities, each as of December 31, 2007 (in millions): 

Payments due by period 

Total 
 
 Less than 1 year 
 
 1 to 3 years 
 
 3 to 5 years 
 
 More than 5 years 
 
 Long-term debt obligations(1) 

7,303 

591 

1,422 

1,628 

3,662 
 
 Capital lease obligations 

2 

1 

1 

Operating lease obligations(2) 

1,546 

121 

233 

183 

1,009 
 
 Purchase obligations(3) 

404 

382 

22 

Other long-term liabilities reflected on the balance sheet(4) 

13 

11 

2 

Total 

9,268 

1,095 

1,689 

1,811 

4,673 

(1) 
 The amounts shown include amortization of principal, debt maturities and estimated interest payments. Interest payments have been included in the long-term debt obligations based on
the weighted average interest rate. 

(2) 
 Future minimum lease payments have not been reduced by aggregate minimum sublease rentals from restaurants and the HPT subleases of approximately 9 million and
 347 million, respectively, payable to us under non-cancelable subleases. 

(3) 
 Our only purchase obligations consist of commitments for capital expenditures at our hotels. Under our contracts, we have the ability to defer some of these expenditures into later
years and some of the 2007 amount reflects prior year contracts that were deferred or not completed. See Capital Expenditures. 

(4) 
 The amounts shown include deferred management fees and the estimated amount of tax expense based upon FIN 48. Under terms of our management agreements, we have deferred payment of
management fees to our hotel managers for some of our properties that have not achieved the required income thresholds for payment of owner s priority to us. The timing of the payments, if any, is based on future operations, the termination of
the management agreement or the sale of the hotel, and, is therefore, not determinable. Critical Accounting Policies Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amount of assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While we do not believe the reported amounts would be materially different,
application of these policies involves the exercise of judgment and the use of assumptions as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results could differ from these estimates. We evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those
related to the impairment of long-lived assets, on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. All of our significant accounting policies are
disclosed in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. The following represent certain critical accounting policies that require us to exercise our business judgment or make significant estimates: 

Purchase Price Allocations to Hotels . Investments in hotel properties are stated at acquisition cost and allocated to land, property
and equipment, identifiable intangible assets and assumed debt and other liabilities at fair value in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141, 
 
 63 

Business Combinations . Any remaining unallocated acquisition costs would be treated as goodwill. Property and equipment are recorded at fair value
based on current replacement cost for similar capacity and allocated to buildings, improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment using appraisals and valuations performed by management and independent third parties. Identifiable intangible assets
are typically contracts including ground and retail leases and management and franchise agreements, which are recorded at fair value, although no value is generally allocated to contracts which are at market terms. Above-market and below-market
contract values are based on the present value of the difference between contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to the contracts acquired and our estimate of the fair value of contract rates for corresponding contracts measured over the period
equal to the remaining non-cancelable term of the contract. Intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over the remaining non-cancelable term of the related agreements. In making estimates of fair values for purposes of
allocating purchase price, we may utilize a number of sources that may be obtained in connection with the acquisition or financing of a property and other market data, including third-party appraisals and valuations. 

Impairment testing . We are required by GAAP to record an impairment charge when we believe that one or more of our hotels has been
impaired, whereby, future undiscounted cash flows for the hotel would be less than the net book value of the hotel. For impaired assets, we record an impairment charge when a property s fair value is less than its net book value. We test for
impairment in several situations, including when current or projected cash flows are less than historical cash flows, when it becomes more likely than not that a hotel will be sold before the end of its previously estimated useful life, as well as
whenever an asset is classified as held for sale or events or changes in circumstances indicate that a hotel s net book value may not be recoverable. In the evaluation of the impairment of our hotels, we make many assumptions and
estimates, including: 

projected cash flows 

holding period 

expected useful life 

future capital expenditures 

fair values, including consideration of capitalization rates, discount rates and comparable selling prices. Changes in these estimates, assumptions, future changes in economic conditions, or property-level results could require us to record additional
impairment charges, which would be reflected in operations in the future. 

Classification of Assets as Held for Sale. Our policy for the classification of a hotel as held for sale is intended to ensure
that the sale of the asset is probable, will be completed within one year and that actions required to complete the sale are unlikely to change or that the planned sale will be withdrawn. This policy is consistent with our experience with real
estate transactions under which the timing and final terms of a sale are frequently not known until purchase agreements are executed, the buyer has a significant deposit at risk and no financing contingencies exist which could prevent the
transaction from being completed in a timely manner. Specifically, we will typically classify properties that we are actively marketing as held for sale when all of the following conditions are met: 

our Board of Directors has approved the sale (to the extent the dollar amount of the sale requires Board approval); 

a binding agreement to purchase the property has been signed; 

the buyer has committed a significant amount of non-refundable cash; and 

no significant financing contingencies exist which could cause the transaction not to be completed in a timely manner. 
 64 

To the extent a property is classified as held for sale and its fair value less selling costs is lower
than the net book value of the property, we will record an impairment loss. See the discussion above concerning the use of estimates and judgments in determining fair values for impairment tests. 

Depreciation and Amortization Expense. Depreciation expense is based on the estimated useful life of our assets and amortization
expense for leasehold improvements is the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the related assets. The lives of the assets are based on a number of assumptions including cost and timing of capital expenditures to maintain and
refurbish the assets, as well as specific market and economic conditions. While management believes its estimates are reasonable, a change in the estimated lives could affect depreciation expense and net income (loss) or the gain or loss on the sale
of any of our hotels. 

Valuation of Deferred Tax Assets. We have approximately 98 million, net of a valuation allowance of 25 million, of
consolidated deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2007. The objective of financial accounting and reporting standards for income taxes is to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities
and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in a company s financial statements or tax returns. We have considered various factors, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, future
projected taxable income and tax planning strategies in determining a valuation allowance for our deferred tax assets, and we believe that it is more likely than not that we will be able to realize the 98 million of deferred tax assets in the
future. When a determination is made that all, or a portion, of the deferred tax assets may not be realized, an increase in income tax expense would be recorded in that period. 

Valuation of Derivative Contracts. We will occasionally enter into derivative products including interest rate and foreign currency
swaps, caps and collars. Derivative instruments are fair valued each quarter and the increase or decrease in fair value is recorded in net income (loss) unless the instrument qualifies as a hedge under SFAS 133. We estimate the fair value of these
instruments through the use of third party valuations, which utilize the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future cash receipts and the discounted expected cash payments. The variable cash flow streams are based on an expectation
of future interest and exchange rates derived from observed market interest and exchange rate curves. The values of these instruments will change over time as cash receipts and payments are made and as market conditions change. Any event that
impacts the level of actual and expected future interest or exchange rates will impact our valuations. The fair value of our derivatives is likely to fluctuate from year to year based on changing levels of interest and exchange rates and shortening
terms to maturity. 

Stock Compensation. We recognize costs resulting from our share-based payment transactions in our financial statements over their
vesting periods. We classify share-based payment awards granted in exchange for employee services as either equity classified awards or liability classified awards. The classification of our restricted stock awards as either an equity award or a
liability award is primarily based upon cash settlement options. Equity classified awards are measured based on the fair value on the date of grant. Liability classified awards are remeasured to fair value each reporting period. The value of these
restricted stock awards, less estimated forfeitures, is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award the requisite service period (usually the vesting period). No compensation
cost is recognized for awards for which employees do not render the requisite service. All restricted stock awards to senior executives have been classified as liability awards, primarily due to settlement features that allow the recipient to have a
percentage of the restricted stock awards withheld to meet tax requirements in excess of the statutory minimum withholding. Restricted stock awards to our upper-middle management have been classified as equity awards as these awards do not have the
optional tax withholding feature. We utilize a simulation, or Monte Carlo, model to determine the fair value of our
restricted stock awards classified as liability awards. The utilization of this model requires us to make certain estimates 
 
 65 

related to the volatility of the share price of our common stock, risk-free interest rates, the risk profile of our common shares compared to our peer group
and the amount of our awards expected to be forfeited. We have recorded approximately 5 million of compensation expense related to our share-based payment awards during 2007. 

Consolidation Policies. Judgment is required with respect to the consolidation of partnership and joint venture entities in the
evaluation of control, including assessment of the importance of rights and privileges of the partners based on voting rights, as well as financial interests that are not controllable through voting interests. Currently, we have investments in
entities that own hotel properties and other investments which we record using the equity method of accounting. These entities are considered to be voting interest entities. The debt on these investments is non-recourse to us and the effect of their
operations on our results of operations is not material. While we do not believe we are required to consolidate any of our current partnerships or joint ventures, if we were required to do so, then all of the results of operations and the assets and
liabilities would be included in our financial statements. Application of New Accounting Standards In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS 141 (revised 2007), Business Combinations, FAS 141R ). FAS 141R provides principles on the
recognition and measurement of the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree and goodwill acquired in a business combination. The standard particularly requires the assets acquired,
liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interests to be measured at the acquisition date fair value, including contingent considerations. Furthermore, FAS 141R prohibits acquisition-related costs, such as due diligence, legal and accounting fees,
from being applied in the determination of fair value. We will adopt the provisions of this statement beginning in the first quarter of 2009 prospectively. We do not believe the adoption of this statement will materially affect the recognition and
measurement related to our future business combinations. In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS 160, Noncontrolling Interests in
Consolidated Financial Statements an amendment of ARB No. 51, FAS 160 ), which defines a noncontrolling interest in a consolidated subsidiary as the portion of the equity (net assets) in a subsidiary not attributable,
directly or indirectly, to a parent and requires noncontrolling interest to be presented as a separate component of equity in the consolidated balance sheet. FAS 160 also modifies the presentation of net income by requiring earnings and other
comprehensive income to be attributed to controlling and noncontrolling interests. We will adopt this standard beginning in the first quarter of 2009 prospectively and any presentation and disclosure requirements retrospectively. Upon the adoption
of this standard, we will reclassify interests of our minority partners from the mezzanine level of the balance sheet to stockholders equity. As of December 31, 2007, this balance totaled 216 million. Additionally, the income attributable
to minority partners will no longer be deducted in our determination of net income and net income would have increased by 32 million, 41 million and 16 million for 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. However, the expense will be
deducted in our determination of net income available to common shareholders. Therefore, we do not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a material effect on our income available to common shareholders or our diluted earnings per
share. The FASB recently proposed FASB staff position (FSP) APB 14-a, Accounting for Convertible Debt Instruments That May Be
Settled in Cash Upon Conversion (Including Partial Cash Settlement) FSP 14-a ). The proposed FSP specifies that issuers of such instruments should separately account for the liability and equity components in a manner that will
reflect the entity s nonconvertible debt borrowing rate on the instrument s issuance date when interest cost is recognized in subsequent periods. Our 2007 Debentures Exchangeable Debentures are within the scope of FSP 14-a;
therefore, we would be required to record the debt portions of our Exchangeable Debentures at their fair value on the date of issuance and amortize the discount into interest expense over the life of the debt. However, there would be no effect on
our cash interest payments. Applying FSP 14-a to our 2007 Debentures would decrease our diluted earnings per share and our FFO per diluted share by approximately .02 in 2007. The effective date for this FSP 14-a has not been determined. 
 
 66 

Comparable Hotel and Comparable Hotel plus the Starwood Portfolio Operating Statistics We present certain operating statistics (i.e., RevPAR, average daily rate and average occupancy) and operating results (revenues, expenses and adjusted
operating profit) for the periods included in this report on a comparable hotel basis. We define our comparable hotels as properties (i) that are owned or leased by us and the operations of which are included in our consolidated results,
whether as continuing operations or discontinued operations for the entirety of the reporting periods being compared and (ii) that have not sustained substantial property damage or business interruption, or undergone large-scale capital
projects during the reporting periods being compared. Of the 119 hotels that we owned on December 31, 2007, 93 have been classified
as comparable hotels. The operating results of the following hotels that we owned as of December 31, 2007 are excluded from comparable hotel results for these periods: 

Atlanta Marriott Marquis (major renovation started August 2005); 

New Orleans Marriott (property damage and business interruption from Hurricane Katrina in August 2005); 

The Westin Kierland Resort Spa (acquired in September 2006); and 

23 consolidated hotels that we acquired from Starwood on April 10, 2006. Additionally, the operating results of the 16 hotels we disposed of in 2007 and 2006 also are not included in comparable hotel results for the periods
presented herein. Moreover, because these statistics and operating results are for our hotel properties, they exclude results for our non-hotel properties and other real estate investments. In addition to comparable hotel RevPAR, we also have presented Comparable Hotel plus the Starwood Portfolio RevPAR. This represents our comparable hotels
(described above) plus the 23 hotels acquired from Starwood on April 10, 2006 that we own as of December 31, 2007. Accordingly, we have included the results of the Starwood Portfolio for periods prior to our ownership in 2006 in the
determination of the comparable hotel plus Starwood Portfolio RevPAR. Given the significance of the Starwood Portfolio to our operating results, we believe this supplemental presentation provides useful information to investors. We evaluate the operating performance of our comparable hotels based on both geographic region and property type. These divisions are generally
consistent with groupings recognized in the lodging industry. Geographic regions consist of the following (only states in which we own
hotels are listed): 

Pacific California, Hawaii, Oregon and Washington; 

Mountain Arizona and Colorado; 

North Central Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri and Ohio; 

South Central Louisiana, Tennessee and Texas; 

New England Connecticut, Massachusetts and New Hampshire; 

Mid-Atlantic Pennsylvania, New Jersey and New York; 

DC Metro Maryland, Virginia and Washington, D.C.; 

Atlanta Georgia and North Carolina; 

Florida Florida; and 

International Canada, Mexico and Chile. 
 67 

Property types consist of the following: 

Urban Hotels located in primary business districts of major cities; 

Suburban Hotels located in office parks or smaller secondary markets; 

Resort/convention Hotels located in resort/convention destinations such as Arizona, Florida, Hawaii and Southern California; and 

Airport Hotels located at or near airports. Reporting Periods For Consolidated Statement of Operations. The
results we report are based on results of our hotels reported to us by our hotel managers. Our hotel managers use different reporting periods. Marriott, the manager of a significant percentage of our properties, uses a year ending on the Friday
closest to December 31 and reports twelve weeks of operations for the first three quarters and sixteen or seventeen weeks for the fourth quarter of the year for its Marriott-managed hotels. In contrast, other managers of our hotels, such as
Hyatt and Starwood, report results on a monthly basis. Host, as a REIT, is required by federal income tax law to report results on a calendar year. As a result, we elected to adopt the reporting periods used by Marriott modified so that our fiscal
year always ends on December 31 to comply with REIT rules. Our first three quarters of operations end on the same day as Marriott but our fourth quarter ends on December 31 and our full year results, as reported in our statement of
operations, always includes the same number of days as the calendar year. Two consequences of the reporting cycle we have adopted are:
(1) quarterly start dates will usually differ between years, except for the first quarter which always commences on January 1, and (2) our first and fourth quarters of operations and year-to-date operations may not include the same
number of days as reflected in prior years. For example, set forth below are the quarterly start and end dates for 2008, 2007 and 2006. Note that the second and third quarters of each year both reflect twelve weeks of operations. In contrast, the
first and fourth quarters reflect differing days of operations. 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 

Start-End Dates 
 
 No. of Days 
 
 Start-End Dates 
 
 No. of Days 
 
 Start-End Dates 
 
 No. of Days 
 
 First Quarter 
 
 January 1 March 21 
 
 81 
 
 January 1 March 23 
 
 82 
 
 January 1 March 24 
 
 83 
 
 Second Quarter 
 
 March 22 June 13 
 
 84 
 
 March 24 June 15 
 
 84 
 
 March 25 June 16 
 
 84 
 
 Third Quarter 
 
 June 14 September 5 
 
 84 
 
 June 16 September 7 
 
 84 
 
 June 17 September 8 
 
 84 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 
 September 6 December 31 
 
 117 
 
 September 8 December 31 
 
 115 
 
 September 9 December 31 
 
 114 
 While the reporting calendar we adopted is more closely aligned with the reporting calendar used
by Marriott, another consequence of our calendar is we are unable to report the month of operations that ends after our fiscal quarter-end until the following quarter because our hotel managers using a monthly reporting period do not make mid-month
results available to us. Hence, the month of operation that ends after our fiscal quarter-end is included in our quarterly results of operations in the following quarter for those hotel managers (covering approximately 44 (based on total revenues)
of our hotels). As a result, our quarterly results of operations include results from hotel managers reporting results on a monthly basis as follows: first quarter (January, February), second quarter (March to May), third quarter (June to August)
and fourth quarter (September to December). While this does not affect full year results, it does affect the reporting of quarterly results. For Hotel Operating Statistics and Comparable Hotel Results. In contrast to the reporting periods for our consolidated statement of operations, our hotel operating statistics (i.e., RevPAR, average daily rate
and average occupancy) and our comparable hotel results are always reported based on the reporting cycle used by Marriott for our Marriott-managed hotels. This facilitates year-to-year comparisons, as each reporting period will be comprised of the
same number of days of operations as in the prior year (except in the case of fourth quarters comprised of seventeen weeks (such as fiscal year 2008) versus sixteen weeks). This means, however, that the 
 
 68 

reporting periods we use for hotel operating statistics and our comparable hotel results may differ slightly from the reporting periods used for our
statements of operations for the first and fourth quarters and the full year. Set forth below are the quarterly start and end dates that are used for our hotel operating statistics and comparable hotel results reported herein. Results from hotel
managers reporting on a monthly basis are included in our operating statistics and comparable hotel results consistent with their reporting in our consolidated statement of operations. Hotel Result Reporting Periods for Operating Statistics and Comparable Hotel
Results for Marriott Managed Properties 

2008 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 

Start-End Dates 
 
 No. of Days 
 
 Start-End Dates 
 
 No. of Days 
 
 Start-End Dates 
 
 No. of Days 
 
 First Quarter 
 
 December 29 March 21 
 
 84 
 
 December 30 March 23 
 
 84 
 
 December 31 March 24 
 
 84 
 
 Second Quarter 
 
 March 22 June 13 
 
 84 
 
 March 24 June 15 
 
 84 
 
 March 25 June 16 
 
 84 
 
 Third Quarter 
 
 June 14 September 5 
 
 84 
 
 June 16 September 7 
 
 84 
 
 June 17 September 8 
 
 84 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 
 September 6 January 2 
 
 119 
 
 September 8 December 28 
 
 112 
 
 September 9 December 29 
 
 112 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures We use certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are measures of our historical financial performance that are not calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, within the meaning of applicable SEC
rules. They are as follows: (i) Funds From Operations (FFO) per diluted share, and (ii) Comparable Hotel Operating Results. The following discussion defines these terms and presents why we believe they are useful measures of our
performance. FFO Per Diluted Share We present FFO per diluted share as a non-GAAP measure of our performance in addition to our earnings per share (calculated in accordance with GAAP). We calculate FFO per diluted share for a given operating period as
our FFO (defined as set forth below) for such period divided by the number of fully diluted shares outstanding during such period. The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (NAREIT) defines FFO as net income (calculated in accordance
with GAAP) excluding gains (or losses) from sales of real estate, the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles, real estate-related depreciation and amortization and adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. FFO is
presented on a per share basis after making adjustments for the effects of dilutive securities, including the payment of preferred stock dividends, in accordance with NAREIT guidelines. We believe that FFO per diluted share is a useful supplemental measure of our operating performance and that presentation of FFO per diluted share, when
combined with the primary GAAP presentation of earnings per share, provides beneficial information to investors. By excluding the effect of real estate depreciation, amortization and gains and losses from sales of real estate, all of which are based
on historical cost accounting and which may be of lesser significance in evaluating current performance, we believe that such measure can facilitate comparisons of operating performance between periods and between other REITs, even though FFO per
diluted share does not represent an amount that accrues directly to holders of our common stock. Historical cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. As noted by
NAREIT in its April 2002 White Paper on Funds From Operations, since real estate values have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors have considered presentation of operating results for real estate
companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. For these reasons, NAREIT adopted the definition of FFO in order to promote an industry-wide measure of REIT operating performance. 
 69 

We calculate FFO per diluted share, in accordance with standards established by NAREIT, which may not be
comparable to measures calculated by other companies who do not use the NAREIT definition of FFO or calculate FFO per diluted share in accordance with NAREIT guidance. In addition, although FFO per diluted share is a useful measure when comparing
our results to other REITs, it may not be helpful to investors when comparing us to non-REITs. This information should not be considered as an alternative to net income, operating profit, cash from operations, or any other operating performance
measure prescribed by GAAP. Cash expenditures for various long-term assets (such as renewal and replacement capital expenditures) and other items have been and will be incurred and are not reflected in the FFO per diluted share presentations.
Management compensates for these limitations by separately considering the impact of these excluded items to the extent they are material to operating decisions or assessments of our operating performance. Our consolidated statements of operations
and cash flows include depreciation, capital expenditures and other excluded items, all of which should be considered when evaluating our performance, as well as the usefulness of our non-GAAP financial measures. Additionally, FFO per diluted share
should not be considered as a measure of our liquidity or indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make cash distributions. In addition, FFO per diluted share does not measure, and should not be used as a
measure of, amounts that accrue directly to our stockholders benefit. 
 70 

The following tables provide a reconciliation of net income available to common shareholders per share to
FFO per diluted share (in millions, except per share amounts): Reconciliation of Net Income Available to Common Stockholders to Funds From Operations per Diluted Share 

Year ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Income 

Shares 
 
 Per Share Amount 

Income 

Shares 
 
 Per Share Amount 

Net income available to common stockholders 

718 

522.1 

1.38 

718 

481.8 

1.49 

Adjustments: 

Gain on dispositions, net of taxes 

(164) 

(.31) 

(416) 

(.87) 
 
 Gain on insurance settlements(a) 

(22) 

(.04) 

Amortization of deferred gains, net of taxes 

(6) 

(.01) 

(1) 

Depreciation and amortization 

519 

.99 

462 

.96 

Partnership adjustments 

30 

.06 

34 

.07 

FFO of minority partners of Host LP(b) 

(37) 

(.07) 

(30) 

(.06) 
 
 Adjustments for dilutive securities: 

Assuming distribution of common shares granted under the comprehensive stock plan less shares assumed purchased at average market price 

.9 

(.01) 

2.0 

(.01) 
 
 Assuming conversion of 2004 Exchangeable Senior Debentures 

19 

30.5 

(.08) 

19 

29.0 

(.05) 
 
 Assuming conversion of Convertible Subordinated Debentures 

2 

1.9 

FFO per diluted share(c)(d) 

1,057 

553.5 

1.91 

788 

514.7 

1.53 

(a) 
 Represents the gain during the period from the settlement of property insurance claims, including the gains that are included in discontinued operations related to hotels that we
have sold. 

(b) 
 Represents FFO attributable to the minority interests in Host LP. 

(c) 
 FFO per diluted share in accordance with NAREIT is adjusted for the effects of dilutive securities. Dilutive securities may include shares granted under comprehensive stock plans,
those preferred OP units held by minority partners, convertible debt securities and other minority interests that have the option to convert their limited partnership interest to common OP units. No effect is shown for securities if they are
anti-dilutive. 

(d) 
 FFO per diluted share and earnings per diluted share for certain periods presented were significantly affected by certain transactions, the effect of which is shown in the table
below (in millions, except per share amounts): 

Year ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Net Income 

FFO 

Net Income 

FFO 

Senior notes redemptions and debt prepayments(1) 

(46) 

(46) 

(22) 

(22) 
 
 Gain on hotel dispositions, net of taxes 

164 

416 

Non-recurring Starwood acquisition costs(2) 

(17) 

(17) 
 
 Preferred stock redemptions(3) 

(8) 

(8) 
 
 Minority interest benefit (expense)(4) 

(4) 

2 

(14) 

2 

Total 

114 

(44) 

355 

(45) 

Diluted shares 

554.7 

553.5 

483.8 

514.7 

Per diluted share 

.21 

(.08) 

.73 

(.09) 

71 

(1) 
 Represents call premiums, the acceleration of original issue discounts and deferred financing costs, the termination costs of interest rate swaps, as well as incremental interest
during the call or prepayment notice period included in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. We recognized these costs in conjunction with the prepayment or refinancing of senior notes and mortgages during certain periods
presented. 

(2) 
 Represents non-recurring costs incurred in conjunction with the acquisition of the Starwood Portfolio that are required to be expensed under GAAP, including start-up costs, bridge
loan fees and expenses and the Company s portion of a foreign currency hedge loss by the European joint venture as the venture hedged a portion of its initial investment for the acquisition of six of its European hotels.

(3) 
 Represents the original issuance costs and incremental dividends during the redemption notice period associated with the redemption of the Class C preferred stock in 2006.

(4) 
 Represents the portion of the significant transactions attributable to minority partners in Host LP. Comparable Hotel Operating Results We present certain operating results for our hotels, such as hotel revenues, expenses, and adjusted operating profit, on a comparable hotel, or same store basis as supplemental information for investors. We present these
comparable hotel operating results by eliminating corporate-level costs and expenses related to our capital structure, as well as depreciation and amortization. We eliminate corporate-level costs and expenses to arrive at property-level results
because we believe property-level results provide investors with more specific insight into the ongoing operating performance of our hotels. We eliminate depreciation and amortization, because even though depreciation and amortization are
property-level expenses, these non-cash expenses, which are based on historical cost accounting for real estate assets, implicitly assume that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. As noted earlier, because real estate
values historically have risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors have considered presentation of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. As a result of the elimination of corporate-level costs and expenses and depreciation and amortization, the comparable hotel operating results we present
do not represent our total revenues, expenses or operating profit and these comparable hotel operating results should not be used to evaluate our performance as a whole. Management compensates for these limitations by separately considering the
impact of these excluded items to the extent they are material to operating decisions or assessments of our operating performance. Our consolidated statements of operations include such amounts, all of which should be considered by investors when
evaluating our performance. We present these hotel operating results on a comparable hotel basis because we believe that doing so provides
investors and management with useful information for evaluating the period-to-period performance of our hotels and facilitates comparisons with other hotel REITs and hotel owners. In particular, these measures assist management and investors in
distinguishing whether increases or decreases in revenues and/or expenses are due to growth or decline of operations at comparable hotels (which represent the vast majority of our portfolio) or from other factors, such as the effect of acquisitions
or dispositions. While management believes that presentation of comparable hotel results is a same store supplemental measure that provides useful information in evaluating our ongoing performance, this measure is not used to allocate
resources or assess the operating performance of these hotels, as these decisions are based on data for individual hotels and are not based on comparable portfolio hotel results. For these reasons, we believe that comparable hotel operating results,
when combined with the presentation of GAAP operating profit, revenues and expenses, provide useful information to investors and management. 
 72 

The following table presents certain operating results and statistics for our comparable hotels for the
periods presented herein: Comparable Hotel Results(a) (in millions, except hotel statistics) 

Year ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Number of hotels 

93 

93 

Number of rooms 

47.480 

47,480 

Percent change in Comparable Hotel RevPAR 

5.8 

Comparable hotel sales 

Room 

2,514 

2,375 

Food and beverage(c) 

1,282 

1,236 

Other 

275 

256 

Comparable hotel sales(b) 

4,071 

3,867 

Comparable hotel expenses 

Room 

587 

561 

Food and beverage(e) 

922 

902 

Other 

156 

151 

Management fees, ground rent and other costs 

1,283 

1,212 

Comparable hotel expenses(d) 

2,948 

2,826 

Comparable hotel adjusted operating profit 

1,123 

1,041 

Non-comparable hotel results, net(f) 

356 

248 

Office buildings and limited services properties, net(g) 

9 

8 

Depreciation and amortization 

(517) 

(451) 
 
 Corporate and other expenses 

(69) 

(94) 
 
 Gain on insurance settlements 

51 

10 

Operating profit per the consolidated statements of operations 

953 

762 

(a) 
 The reporting period for 2007 is from December 30, 2006 to December 28, 2007 and for 2006 is from December 31, 2005 to December 29, 2006.

(b) 
 The reconciliation of total revenues per the consolidated statements of operations to the comparable hotel sales is as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Revenues per the consolidated statements of operations 

5,426 

4,813 

Non-comparable hotel sales 

(1,306) 

(903) 
 
 Hotel sales for the property for which we record rental income 

50 

53 

Rental income for office buildings and select service hotels 

(92) 

(89) 
 
 Adjustment for hotel sales for comparable hotels to reflect Marriott s fiscal year for Marriott-managed hotels 

(7) 

(7) 

Comparable hotel sales 

4,071 

3,867 

(c) 
 The reconciliation of total food and beverage sales per the consolidated statements of operations to the comparable food and beverage sales is as follows: 
 
 73 

Year ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Food and beverage sales per the consolidated statements of operations 

1,644 

1,472 

Non-comparable food and beverage sales 

(388) 

(262) 
 
 Food and beverage sales for the property for which we record rental income 

28 

28 

Adjustment for food and beverage sales for comparable hotels to reflect Marriott s fiscal year for Marriott-managed
hotels 

(2) 

(2) 

Comparable food and beverage sales 

1,282 

1,236 

(d) 
 The reconciliation of operating costs per the consolidated statements of operations to the comparable hotel expenses is as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Operating costs and expenses per the consolidated statements of operations 

4,473 

4,051 

Non-comparable hotel expenses 

(952) 

(657) 
 
 Hotel expenses for the property for which we record rental income 

50 

53 

Rent expense for office buildings and select service hotels 

(83) 

(81) 
 
 Adjustment for hotel expenses for comparable hotels to reflect Marriott s fiscal year for Marriott-managed hotels 

(5) 

(5) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

(517) 

(451) 
 
 Corporate and other expenses 

(69) 

(94) 
 
 Gain on property insurance settlements 

51 

10 

Comparable hotel expenses 

2,948 

2,826 

(e) 
 The reconciliation of total food and beverage expenses per the consolidated statements of operations to the comparable food and beverage expenses is as follows:

Year ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

Food and beverage expenses per the consolidated statements of operations 

1,194 

1,081 

Non-comparable food and beverage expense 

(288) 

(194) 
 
 Food and beverage expenses for the property for which we record rental income 

18 

17 

Adjustment for food and beverage expenses for comparable hotels to reflect Marriott s fiscal year for Marriott-managed
hotels 

(2) 

(2) 

Comparable food and beverage expenses 

922 

902 

(f) 
 Non-comparable hotel results, net, includes the following items: (i) the results of operations of our non-comparable hotels whose operations are included in our consolidated
statements of operations as continuing operations and (ii) the difference between the number of days of operations reflected in the comparable hotel results and the number of days of operations reflected in the consolidated statements of
operations. 

(g) 
 Represents rental income less rental expense for select service properties and office buildings. 
 74 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Interest Rate Sensitivity
 Our future income, cash flows and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon prevalent market interest rates.
Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. Valuations for secured debt are determined based on the expected future payments discounted at risk-adjusted rates. Senior notes and the Convertible
Subordinated Debentures are valued based on quoted market prices. Currently, all of our outstanding debt has a fixed interest rate and we have no derivative financial instruments that are used to hedge interest rate risk or that are held for trading
purposes. However, going forward, we may use derivative financial instruments to manage, or hedge, interest rate risks related to future borrowings. The table below presents scheduled maturities and related weighted average interest rates by expected maturity dates. 

Expected Maturity Date 

2008 

2009 

2010 

2011 

2012 

Thereafter 

Total 
 
 Fair Value 

in millions) 
 
 Liabilities 

Debt: 

Fixed rate 

261 

319 

507 

141 

957 

3,440 

5,625 

5,604 
 
 Average interest rate 

6.0 

5.9 

6.1 

6.2 

6.6 

6.7 

Total debt 

5,625 

5,604 

As of December 31, 2007, all of our debt bears interest at fixed rates. Our current debt
structure largely mitigates the impact of changes in interest rates on our cash interest payments. Our credit facility is sensitive to changes in interest rates, which is based on a spread over LIBOR, ranging from 65 basis points to 150 basis
points. There were no amounts outstanding on our credit facility at December 31, 2007. We pay a quarterly commitment fee on the unused portion of the loan commitment that ranges from 10 to 15 basis points. During March 2007, we prepaid our 88 million mortgage on the JW Marriott, Washington, D.C. As a result, we terminated an interest rate cap that
capped the floating interest rate of the loan at 8.1 . The cap represented a derivative that was marked to market each period and the gains and losses from changes in the market value of the cap were recorded in gain (loss) on foreign currency and
derivative contracts. As of December 31, 2006, approximately 6 of our debt bore interest at variable rates, which included our JW
Marriott, Washington, D.C. mortgage, based on LIBOR plus 210 basis points, and our credit facility, based on LIBOR plus a spread of 200 basis points to 300 basis points. During 2006, we terminated our interest rate swap agreements related to our
Series G and I senior notes for approximately 1 million and 3 million, respectively. As we received fixed rate payments and paid floating rate payments under the swap agreements, we designated them as fair value hedges and amounts paid
or received were recognized as adjustments to interest expense. Exchange Rate Sensitivity As we have non-U.S. operations (specifically, the ownership of hotels in Canada, Mexico, Chile and our European joint venture), currency exchange risk
arises as a normal part of our business. To manage the currency exchange risk applicable to ownership in non-U.S. hotels, where possible, we may enter into forward or option contracts. The foreign currency exchange agreements that we have entered
into in the past were strictly to hedge foreign currency risk and not for trading purposes. As of December 31, 2007, we have no outstanding foreign currency contracts. 
 75 

On February 5, 2008, we entered into a foreign currency forward purchase contract to hedge a portion
of the foreign currency exposure resulting from the eventual repatriation of our net investment in the European joint venture. We hedged 30 million 43 million) of our investment and the forward purchase will occur in August 2011. The
derivative is considered a hedge of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation, and, in accordance with SFAS 133, will be marked-to-market with changes in fair value recorded to accumulated other comprehensive
income within the stockholder s equity portion of our balance sheet. 
 76 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The following financial information is included
on the pages indicated: Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 78 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2007 and 2006 
 
 80 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 
 
 81 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 
 
 82 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 
 
 83 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 85 
 
 77 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders Host Hotels Resorts, Inc.: We have audited Host
Hotels Resorts, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (COSO) . Host Hotels Resorts, Inc s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting, as indicated in Item 9a Internal Control Over Financial Reporting of Form 10-K. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A company s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of
its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Host
Hotels Resorts, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission . We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders 
equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2007, and our report dated February 25, 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements .
 /s/ KPMG LLP McLean,
Virginia February 25, 2008 
 78 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders Host Hotels Resorts,
Inc.: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. and subsidiaries as of
December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2007. In connection
with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the financial statement schedule III as listed in the index as item 15(a)(ii). These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2007,
in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all
material respects, the information set forth therein. As discussed in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company adopted
Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation No. 48 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes effective January 1, 2007. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007,
based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated February 25, 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion on
the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. /s/ KPMG LLP McLean, Virginia February 25, 2008 
 79 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2007 and 2006 (in
millions, except per share amounts) 

2007 

2006 

ASSETS 

Property and equipment, net 

10,588 

10,584 

Assets held for sale 

96 

Due from managers 

106 

51 

Investments in affiliates 

194 

160 

Deferred financing costs, net 

51 

60 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment replacement fund 

122 

100 

Other 

198 

199 

Restricted cash 

65 

194 

Cash and cash equivalents 

488 

364 

Total assets 

11,812 

11,808 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Debt 

Senior notes, including 1,088 million and 495 million, net of discount, of Exchangeable Senior Debentures,
respectively 

4,114 

3,526 

Mortgage debt 

1,423 

2,014 

Credit facility 

250 

Other 

88 

88 

Total debt 

5,625 

5,878 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

315 

243 

Other 

215 

252 

Total liabilities 

6,155 

6,373 

Interest of minority partners of Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. (redemption value of 312 million at December 31,
2007) 

188 

185 

Interest of minority partners of other consolidated partnerships (redemption value of 139 million at December 31, 2007) 

28 

28 

Stockholders equity 

Cumulative redeemable preferred stock (liquidation preference 100 million), 50 million shares authorized; 4.0 million shares
issued and outstanding 

97 

97 

Common stock, par value .01, 750 million shares authorized; 522.6 million shares and 521.1 million shares issued and
outstanding, respectively 

5 

5 

Additional paid-in capital 

5,673 

5,680 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

45 

25 

Deficit 

(379) 

(585) 

Total stockholders equity 

5,441 

5,222 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

11,812 

11,808 

80 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 (in millions, except per common share amounts) 

2007 

2006 

2005 

REVENUES 

Rooms 

3,306 

2,925 

2,198 

Food and beverage 

1,644 

1,472 

1,147 

Other 

356 

297 

238 

Total hotel sales 

5,306 

4,694 

3,583 

Rental income 

120 

119 

111 

Total revenues 

5,426 

4,813 

3,694 

EXPENSES 

Rooms 

789 

696 

527 

Food and beverage 

1,194 

1,081 

854 

Other departmental and support expenses 

1,290 

1,158 

974 

Management fees 

270 

223 

161 

Other property-level expenses 

395 

361 

279 

Depreciation and amortization 

517 

451 

347 

Corporate and other expenses 

69 

94 

67 

Gain on insurance settlement 

(51) 

(13) 

(9) 

Total operating costs and expenses 

4,473 

4,051 

3,200 

OPERATING PROFIT 

953 

762 

494 

Interest income 

37 

33 

22 

Interest expense 

(422) 

(450) 

(443) 
 
 Net gains on property transactions 

6 

1 

80 

Gain on foreign currency and derivative contracts 

2 

Minority interest expense 

(32) 

(41) 

(16) 
 
 Equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates 

11 

(6) 

(1) 

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

553 

299 

138 

Provision for income taxes 

(3) 

(5) 

(24) 

INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

550 

294 

114 

Income from discontinued operations. 

177 

444 

52 

NET INCOME 

727 

738 

166 

Less: Dividends on preferred stock 

(9) 

(14) 

(27) 
 
 Issuance costs of redeemed preferred stock 

(6) 

(4) 

NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS 

718 

718 

135 

BASIC EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE: 

Continuing operations 

1.04 

.57 

.23 

Discontinued operations 

.34 

.92 

.15 

BASIC EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE 

1.38 

1.49 

.38 

DILUTED EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE: 

Continuing operations 

1.01 

.56 

.23 

Discontinued operations 

.32 

.92 

.15 

DILUTED EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE: 

1.33 

1.48 

.38 

81 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY
 AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Years Ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 (in millions) 

Shares Outstanding 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 
 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 

Retained Earnings (Deficit) 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

Comprehensive Income 

Preferred 

Common 

14.0 

351.4 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2004 

337 

3 

2,953 

(911) 

13 

Net income 

166 

166 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

3 

3 

Unrealized loss on HMS Host common stock to net income 

(1) 

(1) 

Comprehensive income 

168 

1.7 
 
 Common stock issued for the comprehensive stock and employee stock purchase plans 

20 

Dividends on common stock 

(147) 

Dividends on preferred stock 

(27) 

1.1 
 
 Redemptions of limited partner interests for common stock 

7 

(4.0) 

Redemption of Class B Preferred Stock 

(96) 

(4) 

6.8 
 
 Issuance of common stock 

1 

102 

Minority interest liability adjustment for third party OP unitholders 

(2) 

10.0 

361.0 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2005 

241 

4 

3,080 

(923) 

15 

Net income 

738 

738 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

10 

10 

Comprehensive income 

748 

1.5 
 
 Common stock issued for the comprehensive stock and employee stock purchase plans 

25 

Dividends on common stock 

(380) 

Dividends on preferred stock 

(14) 

1.1 
 
 Redemptions of limited partner interests for common stock 

8 

(6.0) 

Redemption of Class C Preferred Stock 

(144) 

(6) 

157.5 
 
 Issuance of common stock 

1 

2,624 

Minority interest liability adjustment for third party OP unitholders 

(57) 

4.0 

521.1 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2006 

97 

5 

5,680 

(585) 

25 

Net income 

727 

727 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

20 

20 

Comprehensive income 

747 

1.0 
 
 Comprehensive stock and employee stock purchase plans 

(12) 

Dividends on common stock 

(523) 

Dividends on preferred stock 

(9) 

0.5 
 
 Redemptions of limited partner interests for common stock 

5 

Cumulative effect of adoption of FIN 48 

11 

Minority interest liability adjustment for third party OP unitholders 

4.0 

522.6 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2007 

97 

5 

5,673 

(379) 

45 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 82 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 (in millions) 

2007 

2006 

2005 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

727 

738 

166 

Adjustments to reconcile to cash provided by operations: 

Discontinued operations: 

Gain on dispositions 

(162) 

(418) 

(19) 
 
 Depreciation 

3 

12 

26 

Depreciation and amortization 

517 

451 

347 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

13 

15 

14 

Deferred income taxes 

(7) 

(5) 

17 

Accelerated amortization of deferred financing costs 

5 

1 

3 

Net gains on property transactions 

(6) 

(1) 

(75) 
 
 Gain on foreign currency and derivative contracts 

(2) 
 
 Equity in (earnings) losses of affiliates 

(11) 

6 

1 

Distributions from equity investments 

4 

3 

2 

Minority interest expense 

32 

41 

16 

Change in due from managers 

(57) 

(11) 

8 

Change in accrued interest payable 

(18) 

7 

Changes in other assets 

(10) 

17 

(2) 
 
 Changes in other liabilities 

(47) 

50 

5 

Cash provided by operating activities 

1,001 

881 

514 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from sales of assets, net 

400 

780 

122 

Proceeds from the sale of interest in CBM Joint Venture, LLC, net of expenses 

90 

Acquisitions 

(15) 

(270) 

(284) 
 
 Starwood acquisition, net of cash acquired 

(750) 

Deposits for acquisitions 

(22) 

(1) 

Investment in affiliates 

(12) 

(78) 

Capital expenditures: 

Renewals and replacements 

(267) 

(275) 

(242) 
 
 Repositionings and other investments 

(346) 

(255) 

(107) 
 
 Change in furniture, fixtures equipment (FF E) reserves 

(23) 

(12) 

(1) 
 
 Change in restricted cash designated for FF E reserves 

55 

(16) 

8 

Property insurance proceeds 

38 

21 

Other 

1 

(17) 

Cash used in investing activities 

(192) 

(855) 

(431) 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Financing costs 

(9) 

(27) 

(12) 
 
 Issuances of debt 

1,025 

1,412 

650 

Credit facility, repayments and draws, net 

(250) 

230 

20 

Debt prepayments 

(1,015) 

(913) 

(631) 
 
 Prepayment of Canadian currency forward contracts 

(18) 
 
 Scheduled principal repayments 

(35) 

(59) 

(58) 
 
 Redemption of cumulative redeemable preferred stock 

(150) 

(100) 
 
 Dividends on common stock 

(444) 

(291) 

(102) 
 
 Dividends on preferred stock 

(9) 

(18) 

(30) 
 
 Distributions to minority interests 

(22) 

(19) 

(10) 
 
 Change in restricted cash other than FF E replacement 

74 

(11) 

45 

Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(685) 

154 

(246) 

INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

124 

180 

(163) 
 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of year 

364 

184 

347 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of year 

488 

364 

184 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 83 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Years Ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 (in millions) Supplemental schedule of noncash investing and financing activities: During 2007, 2006 and 2005, we issued approximately 0.5 million, 1.1 million and 1.1 million shares, respectively, upon the conversion of Host LP units, or OP units, held by minority partners valued at
 11.7 million, 21.8 million and 19.0 million, respectively. During 2006 and 2005, we issued approximately
24.0 million shares and 6.8 million shares, respectively, upon the conversion of approximately 7.4 million and 2.1 million convertible subordinated debentures, respectively. The debentures that we converted during 2006 and 2005
were valued at approximately 368 million and 105 million, respectively. No debentures were converted in 2007. On
September 1, 2006, we acquired the Westin Kierland Resort Spa in Scottsdale, Arizona for approximately 393 million, including the assumption of 135 million of mortgage debt with a fair value of 133 million.
 On May 2, 2006, we contributed the Sheraton Warsaw Hotel Towers, which we acquired on April 10, 2006 for
approximately 59 million, along with cash to the European joint venture in exchange for a 32.1 general and limited partnership interest. See Note 12 for additional information. On April 10, 2006, we acquired 28 hotels from Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide, Inc. Starwood for a purchase price of
approximately 3.1 billion. The total consideration included the issuance of 2.27 billion in equity (133.5 million shares of our common stock) and the assumption of 77 million of mortgage debt, which had a fair value of
 86 million on April 10, 2006. See note 12 for additional information. On January 6, 2005, we sold the Hartford
Marriott at Farmington for a purchase price of approximately 25 million, including the assumption of approximately 20 million of mortgage debt by the buyer. On January 3, 2005, we transferred 47 million of preferred units of Vornado Realty Trust, which we had purchased on December 30, 2004, in redemption of a minority partner s interest in a
consolidated partnership. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 84 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Description of Business Host Hotels Resorts, Inc., or Host, a Maryland corporation that operates through an
umbrella partnership structure, is primarily the owner of hotel properties. We operate as a self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust, or REIT, with our operations conducted solely through an operating partnership, Host
Hotels Resorts, L.P., or Host LP and its subsidiaries. We are the sole general partner of Host LP and as of December 31, 2007, own approximately 97 of the partnership interests, which are referred to as OP units. As of December 31, 2007, we owned, or had controlling interests in, 119 luxury and upper
upscale, hotel lodging properties located throughout the United States, Toronto and Calgary, Canada, Mexico City, Mexico and Santiago, Chile operated primarily under the Marriott ,
Ritz-Carlton , Hyatt , Fairmont , Four Seasons , Hilton , Westin Sheraton , W , St. Regis and Luxury Collection brand names. Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries and controlled affiliates. If we determine
that we are an owner in a variable interest entity and that our variable interest will absorb a majority of the entity s expected losses if they occur, receive a majority of the entity s expected residual returns if they occur, or both,
then we will consolidate the entity. Additionally, we consolidate entities (in the absence of other factors determining control) when we own over 50 of the voting shares of another company or, in the case of partnership investments, when we own a
majority of the general partnership interest. The control factors we consider include the ability of minority stockholders or other partners to participate in or block management decisions. All material intercompany transactions and balances have
been eliminated. Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents We consider all highly liquid investments with a maturity of 90 days or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Restricted Cash Restricted cash
includes reserves for debt service, real estate taxes, insurance, furniture and fixtures, as well as cash collateral and excess cash flow deposits due to mortgage debt agreement restrictions and provisions. For purposes of the statement of cash
flows, changes in restricted cash that are used for furniture, fixture and equipment reserves controlled by our lenders are shown as investing activities. The remaining changes in restricted cash are the direct result of restrictions under our loan
agreements, and as such, are reflected in cash from financing activities. 
 85 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 The following table represents our restricted cash balances as of December 31, 2007 and 2006,
which are restricted as a result of lender requirements (in millions): 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 Debt service 

10 

32 
 
 Real estate taxes 

7 

29 
 
 Insurance 

2 
 
 Cash collateral 

7 

15 
 
 Excess cash flow requirements 

5 

7 
 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment reserves controlled by lenders 

14 

70 
 
 Special projects reserve 

20 

29 
 
 Other 

2 

10 

Total 

65 

194 

Property and Equipment Property and equipment is recorded at cost. For newly developed properties, cost includes interest and real estate taxes incurred during development and
construction. Replacements and improvements and capital leases are capitalized, while repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally
40 years for buildings and three to ten years for furniture and equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the useful lives of the related assets. We capitalize certain inventory (such as china, glass, silver, linen) at the time of a hotel opening, or when significant inventory is purchased (in
conjunction with a major rooms renovation or when the number of rooms or meeting space at a hotel is expanded). These amounts are then fully amortized over the estimated useful life of three years. Subsequent replacement purchases are expensed when
placed in service. We maintain a furniture, fixtures and equipment replacement fund for renewal and replacement capital expenditures at
certain hotels, which is generally funded with approximately 5 of property revenues. We assess impairment of our real estate properties
based on whether it is probable that estimated undiscounted future cash flows from each individual property are less than its net book value. If a property is impaired, a loss is recorded for the difference between the fair value and net book value
of the hotel. We will classify a hotel as held for sale when the sale of the asset is probable, will be completed within one year and
actions to complete the sale are unlikely to change or that the sale will be withdrawn. Accordingly, we typically classify assets as held for sale when our Board of Directors has approved the sale, a binding agreement to purchase the property has
been signed under which the buyer has committed a significant amount of nonrefundable cash and no significant financing contingencies exist which could prevent the transaction from being completed in a timely manner. If these criteria are met, we
will record an impairment loss if the fair value less costs to sell is lower than the carrying amount of the hotel and will cease incurring depreciation. We will classify the loss, together with the related operating results, including interest
expense on debt assumed by the buyer or that is required to be repaid as a result of the sale, as discontinued operations on our consolidated statement of operations and classify the assets and related liabilities as held for sale on the balance
sheet. Gains on sales of properties are recognized at the time of sale or deferred and recognized as income in subsequent periods as conditions requiring deferral are satisfied or expire without further cost to us. 
 86 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 We recognize the fair value of any liability for conditional asset retirement obligations including
environmental remediation liabilities when incurred, which is generally upon acquisition, construction, or development and/or through the normal operation of the asset, if sufficient information exists to reasonably estimate the fair value of the
obligation. Intangible Assets In conjunction with our acquisition of hotel properties, we may identify intangible assets. Identifiable intangible assets are typically contracts including ground and retail leases and management and franchise agreements, which are
recorded at fair value, although no value is generally allocated to contracts which are at market terms. Above-market and below-market contract values are based on the present value of the difference between contractual amounts to be paid pursuant
to the contracts acquired and our estimate of the fair value of contract rates for corresponding contracts measured over the period equal to the remaining non-cancelable term of the contract. Intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line
method over the remaining non-cancelable term of the related agreements. Minority Interest The percentage of Host LP owned by third parties, presented as interest of minority partners of Host LP in the consolidated balance sheets, was
 188 million and 185 million as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. We adjust the interest of the minority partners of Host LP each period to maintain a proportional relationship between the book value of equity associated
with our common stockholders relative to that of the unitholders of Host LP since Host LP units may be exchanged into common stock on a one-for-one basis. Net income is allocated to the minority partners of Host LP based on their weighted average
ownership percentage during the period. As of December 31, 2007, approximately 312 million of cash or Host stock at our option, would be paid to the outside partners of the operating partnership if the partnership were terminated. The
approximate 312 million is equivalent to the 18.3 million partnership units outstanding valued at the December 31, 2007 Host Common Stock Price of 17.04, which we have assumed would be equal to the value provided to outside partners
upon liquidation of the operating partnership. We consolidate four majority-owned partnerships with mandatorily redeemable non-controlling
interests held by outside partners which have finite lives ranging from 77 to 100 years that terminate between 2061 and 2097. Third party partnership interests that have finite lives are included in interest of minority partners of other
consolidated partnerships in the consolidated balance sheets and totaled 28 million as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Of these partnership interests, the minority interest holder in one of the partnerships has settlement
alternatives in which approximately 1.2 million OP units could be issued to the partner based on the ownership percentage stipulated in the partnership agreement. At December 31, 2007 and 2006, the OP units issuable were valued at
 20 million and 60 million, respectively, which are valued based on the fair value of the OP units issuable as determined above. The remaining partnerships do not have settlement alternatives in which they could be issued OP units or
common shares. At December 31, 2007 and 2006, the fair values of the minority interests in these partnerships were approximately 139 million and 129 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2007, none of our partnerships have
infinite lives as defined in SFAS 150. Income Taxes Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their
respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities
from a change in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period when the new rate is enacted. 
 87 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 We have elected to be treated as a REIT under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code and, as
such, are not subject to federal income tax, provided we distribute all of our taxable income annually to our stockholders and comply with certain other requirements. In addition to paying federal and state income tax on any retained income, we are
subject to taxes on built-in-gains on sales of certain assets. Additionally, our taxable REIT subsidiaries are subject to federal, state and foreign income tax. The consolidated income tax provision or benefit includes the income tax
provision or benefit related to the operations of the taxable REIT subsidiaries, state income taxes incurred by Host and Host LP and foreign income taxes incurred by Host LP, as well as each of their respective subsidiaries. Deferred Charges Financing costs
related to long-term debt are deferred and amortized over the remaining life of the debt using the effective interest method. Foreign
Currency Translation As of December 31, 2007, our foreign operations consist of four properties located in Canada, one property
located in Mexico, two in Chile and an investment in a joint venture in Europe. The operations of these properties and our investment are maintained in the local currency and then translated to U.S. dollars using the average exchange rates for the
period. The assets and liabilities of the properties and the investment are translated to U.S. dollars using the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date. The resulting translation adjustments are reflected in accumulated other
comprehensive income. Derivative Instruments We are subject to market exposures in several aspects of our business including foreign currency exposure related to our investment in the European joint venture and our hotels located in foreign countries and
interest rate exposure for the fair value of our fixed rate debt. We may, from time to time, enter into derivative instruments to either protect against fluctuations in the fair value of our investments in foreign entities or the fair value of our
debt instruments. Prior to entering into the derivative contract, we evaluate whether the transaction would qualify as a fair value hedge and continue to evaluate hedge effectiveness through the life of the contract. Gains and losses on contracts
that meet the requirements for fair value hedge accounting are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value, with offsetting changes recorded to accumulated other comprehensive income. In situations where we have variable debt, we may purchase interest rate swaps or interest rate caps, which would be considered derivative instruments.
If the requirements for hedge accounting are met and the instruments qualify as cash flow hedges, amounts paid or received under these agreements would be recognized over the life of the agreements as adjustments to interest expense, and the fair
value of the derivatives would be recorded on the accompanying balance sheet, with offsetting adjustments or charges recorded to accumulated other comprehensive income. We do not have any variable rate debt; therefore, we are not subject to exposure
for changes in our interest rate payments due to interest rate fluctuations. Other Comprehensive Income The components of total accumulated other comprehensive income in the balance sheet are as follows (in millions): 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 Unrealized gain on HM Services common stock 

4 

4 
 
 Foreign currency translation 

41 

21 

Total accumulated other comprehensive income 

45 

25 

88 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Revenues Our consolidated results of operations reflect revenues and expenses of our hotels. Revenues are recognized when the services are provided. Additionally, we collect sales, use, occupancy and similar taxes at our
hotels which we present on a net basis (excluded from revenues) on our statements of operations. Earnings Per Common Share
 Basic earnings per common share is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding. Diluted earnings per common share is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders as adjusted for potentially dilutive securities, by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
outstanding plus other potentially dilutive securities. Dilutive securities may include shares granted under comprehensive stock plans, other minority interests that have the option to convert their limited partnership interests to common OP units
and convertible debt securities. No effect is shown for any securities that are anti-dilutive. 

Year ended December 31, 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Income 

Shares 
 
 Per Share Amount 

Income 

Shares 
 
 Per Share Amount 

Income 

Shares 
 
 Per Share Amount 

(in millions, except per share amounts) 

Net income 

727 

522.1 

1.39 

738 

481.8 

1.53 

166 

353.0 

.47 

Dividends on preferred stock 

(9) 

(.01) 

(14) 

(.03) 

(27) 

(.08) 
 
 Issuance costs of redeemed preferred stock(1) 

(6) 

(.01) 

(4) 

(.01) 

Basic earnings (loss) available to common stockholders 

718 

522.1 

1.38 

718 

481.8 

1.49 

135 

353.0 

.38 

Assuming distribution of common shares granted under the comprehensive stock plan, less shares assumed purchased at average market
price 

0.9 

(.01) 

2.0 

(.01) 

2.5 

Assuming conversion of minority OP units issuable 

1.2 

Assuming conversion of 2004 Exchangeable Senior Debentures 

19 

30.5 

(.04) 

Diluted earnings (loss) available to common stockholders 

737 

554.7 

1.33 

718 

483.8 

1.48 

135 

355.5 

.38 

(1) 
 Represents the original issuance costs associated with the Class C preferred stock in 2006, and the Class B preferred stock in 2005. Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation At December 31, 2007, we maintained two stock-based employee compensation plans, which are described more fully in Note 8. Prior to 2002, we accounted for those plans in accordance with APB Opinion No. 25, Accounting for
Stock Issued to Employees. Effective January 1, 2002, we adopted the fair value recognition provisions of SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, or SFAS 123, and applied it 
 
 89 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 prospectively to all employee awards granted, modified or settled after January 1, 2002. Additionally, all stock plans granted after January 1,
2006, are accounted for using the provisions of SFAS 123R. Awards under our employee stock option plan vested over four years therefore, net income for 2005 included grants issued in 2001 that were still being accounted for according to the
provision of APB Opinion No. 25. However, the cost related to stock-based employee compensation included in the determination of net income or loss for 2005 would not have resulted in a difference in reported net income, net income available to
common shareholders or earnings per share if the fair value based method had been applied to these awards since the original effective date of SFAS 123R. Concentrations of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject us to significant
concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents. We maintain cash and cash equivalents with various high credit-quality financial institutions. We perform periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of these
financial institutions and limit the amount of credit exposure with any one institution. Application of New Accounting Standards 
 In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS 141 (revised 2007), Business Combinations, FAS 141R ). FAS 141R provides
principles on the recognition and measurement of the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree and goodwill acquired in a business combination. The standard particularly requires the assets
acquired, liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interests to be measured at the acquisition date fair value, including contingent considerations. Furthermore, FAS 141R prohibits acquisition-related costs, such as due diligence, legal and accounting
fees, from being applied in the determination of fair value. We will adopt the provisions of this statement beginning in the first quarter of 2009 prospectively. We do not believe the adoption of this statement will materially affect the recognition
and measurement related to our future business combinations. In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS 160, Noncontrolling Interests in
Consolidated Financial Statements an amendment of ARB No. 51, FAS 160 ), which defines a noncontrolling interest in a consolidated subsidiary as the portion of the equity (net assets) in a subsidiary not attributable,
directly or indirectly, to a parent and requires noncontrolling interest to be presented as a separate component of equity in the consolidated balance sheet. FAS 160 also modifies the presentation of net income by requiring earnings and other
comprehensive income to be attributed to controlling and noncontrolling interests. We will adopt this standard beginning in the first quarter of 2009 prospectively and any presentation and disclosure requirements retrospectively. Upon the adoption
of this standard, we will reclassify interests of our minority partners from the mezzanine level of the balance sheet to stockholders equity. As of December 31, 2007, this balance totaled 216 million. Additionally, the income attributable
to minority partners will no longer be deducted in our determination of net income and net income would have increased by 32 million, 41 million and 16 million for 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. However, the expense will be
deducted in our determination of net income available to common shareholders. Therefore, we do not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a material effect on our income available to common shareholders or our diluted earnings per
share. Reclassifications Certain prior year financial statement amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current year presentation. 
 90 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2. 
 Property and Equipment Property and equipment
consists of the following as of December 31: 

2007 

2006 

(in millions) 

Land and land improvements 

1,621 

1,622 

Buildings and leasehold improvements 

10,907 

10,695 

Furniture and equipment 

1,530 

1,414 

Construction in progress 

230 

166 

14,288 

13,897 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

(3,700) 

(3,313) 

10,588 

10,584 

3. 
 Investments in Affiliates We own investments in
voting interest entities which we do not consolidate and, accordingly, are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The debt of these affiliates is non-recourse to, and not guaranteed by, us. Investments in affiliates consists of the
following: 

As of December 31, 2007 

Ownership Interests 
 
 Our Investment 
 
 Debt 
 
 Assets 

(in millions) 

HHR Euro CV 
 
 32.1 

172 

1,003 
 
 Ten hotels located in Europe 
 
 HHR TRS CV 
 
 9.8 

1 

2 
 
 Lease agreements for hotels owned by HHR Euro CV 
 
 CBM Joint Venture L.P. 
 
 3.6 

5 

839 
 
 115 Courtyard hotels 
 
 Tiburon Golf Ventures, L.P. 
 
 49.0 

16 

36-hole golf club 
 
 Other 
 
 1.0 

Three hotels 

Total 

194 

1,844 

As of December 31, 2006 

Ownership Interests 
 
 Our Investment 
 
 Debt 
 
 Assets 

(in millions) 

HHR Euro CV 
 
 32.1 

138 

819 
 
 Seven hotels located in Europe 
 
 HHR TRS CV 
 
 9.8 

1 

2 
 
 Lease agreements for hotels owned by HHR Euro CV 
 
 CBM Joint Venture L.P. 
 
 3.6 

4 

839 
 
 116 Courtyard hotels 
 
 Tiburon Golf Ventures, L.P. 
 
 49.0 

17 

36-hole golf club 
 
 Other 
 
 1.0 

Three hotels 

Total 

160 

1,660 

European Joint Venture In March 2006, we formed a joint venture, HHR Euro CV, to acquire hotels in Europe (the European joint venture ). We serve as the
general partner for the European joint venture and have a 32.1 ownership (including 
 
 91 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 our limited and general partner interests). The initial term of the European joint venture is ten years subject to two one-year extensions with partner
approval. HHR Euro CV has leased six of its hotels to HHR TRS CV, where we also serve as a general partner and have a 9.8 ownership including our general and limited partner interests. Due to the ownership structure and the non-Host limited
partners rights to cause the dissolution and liquidation of the European joint venture and HHR TRS CV at any time, they are not consolidated in our financial statements. The aggregate size of the European joint venture is expected to include
approximately 533 million of equity, of which our total contribution is expected to be approximately 171 million. Additionally, after giving effect to indebtedness that the European joint venture would be expected to incur, its
aggregate size, once all funds are invested, would be approximately 1.5 billion. As general partner, we also earn a management fee based on the amount of equity commitments and equity investments. In 2007 and 2006, we recorded
approximately 5 million and 3 million, respectively, of management fees. On February 5, 2008, we entered into a foreign
currency forward purchase contract to hedge a portion of the foreign currency exposure resulting from the eventual repatriation of our net investment in the European joint venture. We hedged 30 million 43 million) of our investment
and the forward purchase will occur in August 2011. The derivative is considered a hedge of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation, and, in accordance with SFAS 133, will be marked-to-market with changes in
fair value recorded to accumulated other comprehensive income within the stockholder s equity portion of our balance sheet. CBM
Joint Venture LP CBM Joint Venture Limited Partnership owns 115 Courtyard by Marriott hotels, which are operated by Marriott
International pursuant to long-term management agreements. During March 2005, we sold 85 of our interest in CBM Joint Venture LLC for approximately 92 million and recorded a gain on the sale, net of taxes, of approximately 41 million.
In conjunction with the sale of our interest, CBM Joint Venture LLC was recapitalized and converted into a limited partnership, CBM Joint Venture Limited Partnership with Marriott International and affiliates of Sarofim Realty Advisors.
Post-recapitalization, we own a 3.6 limited partner interest. We have the right to cause CBM Joint Venture LP to redeem our remaining interest, under certain conditions, between December 2007 and December 2009. Thereafter, the general partner of
CBM Joint Venture LP has the right to redeem our remaining interest. Other Investments We have a 49 limited partner interest in Tiburon Golf Ventures, L.P., which owns the golf club surrounding The Ritz-Carlton, Naples Golf Resort. We also
own minority interests in three partnerships that directly or indirectly own three hotels. The total carrying value of these partnerships is less than 500,000, and we do not have any guarantees or commitments in relation to these partnerships.
 Combined summarized balance sheet information as of December 31 for our affiliates follows: 

2007 
 
 2006 

(in millions) 
 
 Property and equipment, net 

2,720 

2,508 
 
 Other assets 

314 

250 

Total assets 

3,034 

2,758 

Debt 

1,844 

1,660 
 
 Other liabilities 

197 

191 
 
 Equity 

993 

907 

Total liabilities and equity 

3,034 

2,758 

92 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Combined summarized operating results for our affiliates for the years ended December 31
follows: 

2007 

2006 

2005 

(in millions) 

Total revenues 

954 

704 

468 

Operating expenses 

Expenses 

(698) 

(531) 

(345) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

(87) 

(67) 

(52) 

Operating profit 

169 

106 

71 

Interest income 

7 

2 

33 

Interest expense 

(103) 

(75) 

(72) 
 
 Dividends on Convertible Preferred Securities 

(2) 

(31) 

Net income 

73 

31 

1 

4. 
 Debt Debt consists of the following: 

December 31, 2007 
 
 December 31, 2006 
 
 Series K senior notes, with a rate of 7 1 / 8 due November 2013 

725 

725 
 
 Series M senior notes, with a rate of 7 due August 2012 

347 

347 
 
 Series O senior notes, with a rate of 6 3 / 8 due March 2015 

650 

650 
 
 Series Q senior notes, with a rate of 6 3 / 4 due June 2016 

800 

800 
 
 Series S senior notes, with a rate of 6 7 / 8 due November 2014 

497 

496 
 
 500 million Exchangeable Senior Debentures, with a rate of 3.25 due April 2024 

496 

495 
 
 600 million Exchangeable Senior Debentures, with a rate of 2 5 / 8 due April 2027 

592 

Senior notes, with an average rate of 10 and 9.7 at December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively, due May
2012 

7 

13 

Total senior notes 

4,114 

3,526 
 
 Mortgage debt secured by 2.1 billion of real estate assets, with an average interest rate of 6.6 at December 31, 2007 and
7.5 at December 31, 2006 

1,423 

2,014 
 
 Credit Facility 

250 
 
 Other 

88 

88 

Total debt 

5,625 

5,878 

Senior Notes General. Under the terms of our senior notes indenture, our senior notes are equal in right of payment with all of Host LP s unsubordinated indebtedness and senior to all
subordinated obligations of Host LP. The face amount of our outstanding senior notes as of December 31, 2007 and 2006 was 4.1 billion and 3.5 billion, respectively. The outstanding senior notes balance as of December 31, 2007
and 2006 includes discounts of approximately 18 million and 12 million, respectively. The notes outstanding under our senior notes indenture are guaranteed by certain of our existing subsidiaries and are secured by pledges of equity
interests in many of 
 
 93 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 our subsidiaries. The guarantees and pledges ratably benefit the notes outstanding under our senior notes indenture, as well as our credit facility, certain
other senior debt, and interest rate swap agreements and other hedging agreements with lenders that are parties to the credit facility. We pay interest on each series of our outstanding senior notes semi-annually in arrears at the respective annual
rates indicated on the table above. Restrictive Covenants . Under the terms of the senior notes indenture,
our ability to incur indebtedness and pay dividends is subject to restrictions and the satisfaction of various conditions, including the achievement of an EBITDA-to-interest coverage ratio of at least 1.7 to 1.0 by Host LP. This ratio is calculated
in accordance with our senior notes indenture and excludes from interest expense items such as call premiums and deferred financing charges that are included in interest expense on our consolidated statement of operations. Additionally, the
calculation is based on our pro forma results for the four prior fiscal quarters giving effect to the transactions, such as acquisitions, dispositions and financings, as if they occurred at the beginning of the period. Other covenants limiting our
ability to incur indebtedness and pay dividends include maintaining total indebtedness of less than 65 of adjusted total assets (using undepreciated real estate values) and secured indebtedness of less than 45 of adjusted total assets. So long as
we maintain the required level of interest coverage and satisfy these and other conditions in the senior notes indenture, we may pay preferred or common dividends and incur additional debt under the senior notes indenture, including debt incurred in
connection with an acquisition. Our senior notes indenture also imposes restrictions on customary matters, such as limitations on capital expenditures, acquisitions, investments, transactions with affiliates and incurrence of liens. As of
December 31, 2007, we are in compliance with our senior notes covenants. On
March 23, 2007, Host LP issued 600 million 2 5 / 8 Exchangeable Senior Debentures (the 2007 Debentures and
received proceeds of 589 million, net of underwriting fees and expenses and original issue discount. See, 600 million Exchangeable Senior Debentures below. During 2006, we had two private issuances of debt under our senior notes indentures. Each of the series of senior notes has been subsequently exchanged
for other series of senior notes whose terms are substantially identical in all aspects to each of the exchanged series, respectively, except that the new series are registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and are, therefore, freely transferable
by the holders. 

On November 2, 2006, we issued 500 million of 6 7 / 8 Series R senior notes maturing November 1, 2014 and received net proceeds of approximately 490 million after discounts and costs. Interest on the Series R
senior notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 beginning on May 1, 2007. We used the proceeds of the Series R senior notes to redeem our 9 1 / 2 Series I senior notes and for general corporate purposes. The Series R senior notes were exchanged for Series S senior notes in February 2007. 

On April 4, 2006, we issued 800 million of 6 3 
 / 4 Series P senior notes maturing June 1, 2016 and received net proceeds of approximately
 787 million. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 beginning on December 1, 2006. We used the proceeds of the Series P senior notes for the Starwood and The Westin Kierland acquisitions, the
redemption of our 7 7 / 8 Series B senior notes and related prepayment premiums, the redemption of the 150 million 10 Class
C preferred stock and accrued dividends and for general corporate purposes. The Series P senior notes were exchanged for Series Q senior notes in August 2006. 

In December 2006, we redeemed 242 million of our 9 1 / 4 Series G senior notes that were due in October 2007 with the proceeds from a draw on our credit facility and terminated the related interest rate swap agreements.
 
 94 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

As a result of all of the above redemptions, we recorded a loss of 17 million on the early extinguishment of debt in 2006, which includes the payment of call
premiums, the acceleration of related deferred financing fees and original issue discounts and the termination of related interest rate swap agreements. 600 million Exchangeable Senior Debentures. The 2007 Debentures mature on April 15, 2027 and are equal in right of payment with all of our other senior notes. Interest
is payable quarterly in arrears on January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each year beginning on July 15, 2007. Holders have the right to require us to repurchase the 2007 Debentures on April 15, 2012,
April 15, 2017 and April 15, 2022 for cash equal to 100 of the principal amount plus accrued interest. Holders may exchange their 2007 Debentures prior to maturity under certain conditions, including when the closing sale price of
Host s common stock is more than 130 of the exchange price per share for at least 20 of 30 consecutive trading days during certain periods or any time up to two days prior to the date on which the debentures have been called for redemption. On
exchange, we must deliver cash in an amount equal to not less than the lower of the exchange value (which is the applicable exchange rate multiplied by the average price of our common shares) and the aggregate principal amount of the 2007 Debentures
to be exchanged, and, at our option, shares, cash or a combination thereof for any excess above the principal value. We can redeem for cash all, or part of, the 2007 Debentures at any time on or after April 20, 2012 upon 15 days notice at a
redemption price of 100 of the principal amount plus accrued interest. If we elect to redeem the debentures and the exchange value exceeds the cash redemption price, we would expect holders to elect to exchange their debentures at the exchange
value described above rather than receive the cash redemption price. The exchange rate at December 31, 2007 was 31.35 shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of debentures, which is equivalent to an exchange price of 31.90 per share
of Host common stock. The exchange rate may be adjusted under certain circumstances including the payment of common dividends exceeding .20 per share in any given quarter and accordingly, has been adjusted in conjunction with the fourth quarter
2007 special dividend of .20. 500 million Exchangeable Senior Debentures. On March 16, 2004,
Host LP issued 500 million of 3.25 Exchangeable Senior Debentures (the 2004 Debentures and received net proceeds of 484 million, after discounts, underwriting fees and expenses. The 2004 Debentures mature on April 15,
2024 and are equal in right of payment with all of our other senior notes. Interest is payable quarterly in arrears on January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each year. Holders have the right to require us to
repurchase the 2004 Debentures on April 15, 2010, April 15, 2014 and April 15, 2019 for cash equal to 100 of the principal amount. Holders may exchange their 2004 Debentures prior to maturity under certain conditions, including
at any time at which the closing sale price of our common stock is more than 120 of the exchange price per share, for at least 20 of 30 consecutive trading days during certain periods or any time up to two days prior to the date on which the
debentures have been called for redemption. The exchange rate at December 31, 2007 was 60.9201 shares for each 1,000 of principal amount of the 2004 Debentures, or a total of approximately 31 million shares (which is equivalent to an
exchange price of 16.41 per share). The exchange rate is adjusted for certain circumstances, including the payment of all common dividends. We can redeem for cash all, or part of, the 2004 Debentures at any time subsequent to April 19, 2009
upon 30 days notice at the applicable redemption price as set forth in the indenture. If we elect to redeem the debentures and the exchange value exceeds the cash redemption price, we would expect holders to elect to exchange their debentures for
stock rather than receive the cash redemption price. Amended and Restated Credit Facility On May 25, 2007, we entered into a second amended and restated bank credit facility (which we refer to as the Credit Facility) with Deutsche Bank AG
New York Branch, as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, Citicorp North America Inc., Soci t G n rale and Calyon New York Branch, as Co-Documentation Agents and certain other agents and
lenders. The Credit Facility provides aggregate revolving 
 
 95 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 loan commitments in the amount of 600 million with an option to increase the amount of the facility by up to 400 million to the extent that any
one or more lenders, whether or not currently party to the Credit Facility, commits to be a lender for such amount. During any period in which our leverage ratio equals or exceeds 7.0x, new borrowings are limited to such amount as does not cause the
aggregate outstanding principal amount under the Credit Facility to exceed 300 million. The Credit Facility also includes subcommitments for (i) the issuance of letters of credit in an aggregate amount of 10 million and
(ii) loans in certain foreign currencies in an aggregate amount of 300 million, (A) 150 million of which may be loaned to certain of our Canadian subsidiaries in Canadian Dollars and (B) 300 million of which may be
loaned to us in Pounds Sterling and Euros. The Credit Facility has an initial scheduled maturity of September 2011. We have an option to extend the maturity for an additional year if certain conditions are met in September 2011. We pay interest on
borrowings under the Credit Facility at floating interest rates plus a margin that is set with reference to our leverage ratio. In the case of LIBOR borrowings in U.S. Dollars, as well as Euros and Pounds Sterling denominated borrowings, the rate of
interest ranges from 65 basis points to 150 basis points over LIBOR, which represents a reduction from the previous spread of 200 to 300 basis points over LIBOR due to the amended Credit Facility. Based on our leverage ratio at December 31,
2007, we can borrow at a rate of LIBOR plus 65 basis points. We are required to pay a quarterly commitment fee that will vary based on the amount on the unused capacity. The commitment fee has been reduced from 35 to 55 basis points to 10 to 15
basis points. As of December 31, 2007, there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility. We are in compliance with our financial covenants under our credit facility as of December 31, 2007. Convertible Subordinated Debentures. As of December 31, 2005,
Host Marriott Financial Trust, a wholly owned subsidiary, held approximately 7.4 million shares of 6 3 / 4 convertible
quarterly income preferred securities, with a liquidation preference of 50 per share (for a total liquidation amount of 370 million). The Convertible Preferred Securities represented an undivided beneficial interest in the assets of the
Trust. Each of the Convertible Preferred Securities and the related Convertible Subordinated Debentures were convertible at the option of the holder into shares of our common stock. Between January 1, 2006 and February 10, 2006,
 368 million of Convertible Subordinated Debentures and corresponding Convertible Preferred Securities were converted into approximately 24 million common shares. On April 5, 2006, we redeemed the remaining 2 million of
outstanding Convertible Subordinated Debentures held by third parties for cash. Mortgage Debt All of our mortgage debt is recourse solely to specific assets except for fraud, misapplication of funds and other customary recourse provisions. As of
December 31, 2007, we have 16 assets that are secured by mortgage debt with an average interest rate of 6.6 that mature between 2008 and 2023. As of December 31, 2007, we are in compliance with the covenants under our mortgage debt
obligations. 
 96 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 We had the following mortgage debt issuances, assumptions and repayments for 2007 and 2006. Interest
for our mortgage debt is payable on a monthly basis: 

Transaction Date 

Property 
 
 Rate 

Maturity Date 
 
 Amount 
 
 Issuances 

March 
 
 2007 
 
 The Ritz-Carlton, Naples and Newport Beach Marriott 
 
 5.53 

3/1/2014 

300 
 
 February 
 
 2007 
 
 Harbor Beach Marriott (1) 
 
 5.55 

3/1/2014 

134 
 
 January 
 
 2006 
 
 Canadian properties (2) 
 
 5.195 

3/1/2011 

116 

Assumptions 

September 
 
 2006 
 
 Westin Kierland Resort Spa (3) 
 
 5.08 

12/1/2009 

135 
 
 April 
 
 2006 
 
 Westin Indianapolis (4) 
 
 9.21 

3/11/2022 

40 
 
 April 
 
 2006 
 
 Westin Tabor Center (4) 
 
 8.51 

12/11/2023 

46 

Repayments/Defeasance 

October 
 
 2007 
 
 New Orleans Marriott, San Antonio Marriott Rivercenter, San Ramon Marriott and Santa Clara Marriott 
 
 8.22 

10/11/2017 

190 
 
 May 
 
 2007 
 
 CMBS properties (5) 
 
 7.61 

8/1/2009 

514 
 
 April 
 
 2007 
 
 Philadelphia Marriott Convention Center (6) 
 
 8.52 

4/1/2009 

96 
 
 April 
 
 2007 
 
 Four Seasons Hotel Atlanta 
 
 8.41 

4/1/2022 

33 
 
 March 
 
 2007 
 
 JW Marriott, Washington, D.C. (7) 
 
 7.42 

9/15/2007 

88 
 
 February 
 
 2007 
 
 Harbor Beach Marriott (1) 
 
 8.58 

3/1/2007 

88 
 
 June 
 
 2006 
 
 Boston Marriott Copley Place 
 
 8.39 

6/1/2006 

84 

(1) 
 On February 8, 2007, we refinanced the 88 million, 8.58 mortgage due March 1, 2007 on the Harbor Beach Marriott Resort and Spa with a 134 million mortgage
that bears interest at a rate of 5.55 and matures on March 1, 2014. 

(2) 
 On January 10, 2006, we issued mortgage debt in the amount of 135 million Canadian Dollars 116 million US Dollars based on the exchange rate on the date of
issuance) that is secured by our four Canadian properties. 

(3) 
 The mortgage debt was issued in connection with the acquisition of The Westin Kierland Resort Spa, Scottsdale, Arizona, on September 1, 2006.

(4) 
 On April 10, 2006, in connection with the Starwood transaction, we assumed a 41 million mortgage with a rate of 8.51 and a fair value of approximately 46 million,
which reflects an effective interest rate of 6.04 , secured by The Westin Tabor Center, and a mortgage of approximately 36 million with a rate of 9.21 and a fair value of approximately 40 million, which reflects an effective interest
rate of 5.83 , secured by The Westin Indianapolis. 

(5) 
 On May 2, 2007, we defeased a 514 million mortgage loan secured by eight properties with an interest rate of 7.61 maturing August 2009, which we refer to as the CMBS
Loan, and have been legally released from our obligations under the loan. We paid approximately 547 million to defease the loan, which included approximately 33 million in defeasance/prepayment and other costs. 

(6) 
 In conjunction with the repayment of the mortgage debt on our Philadelphia Marriott Convention Center mortgages we paid approximately 7 million in prepayment and other costs.

(7) 
 The mortgage debt had a floating rate of interest of LIBOR plus 210 basis points. The interest rate shown reflects the rate as of the date of the transaction.
 Derivative Instruments In connection with the issuance of our Series G and I senior notes, we had entered into interest rate swap agreements that effectively converted the senior notes to floating-rate debt. We designated the interest rate
swaps as fair value hedges for both financial reporting and tax purposes and the amounts paid or received under the swap agreements were recognized over the life of the agreements as an adjustment to interest expense. We terminated the interest rate
swap agreements for approximately 4 million in connection with the redemption of our Series G and I senior notes in December 2006. Additionally, we purchased an interest rate cap which expired 
 
 97 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 in September 2007 in connection with the mortgage debt secured by the JW Marriott, Washington, D.C. The mortgage debt was repaid in September 2007 and the
impact of changes in the fair value of the interest rate cap was immaterial for all periods presented. Additionally, on February 5, 2008 we entered into a foreign currency forward contract to hedge a portion of the foreign currency exposure relating
to our investment in the European joint venture. See Note 3, Investment in Affiliates. Aggregate Debt Maturities Aggregate debt maturities at December 31, 2007 are as follows (in millions): 

2008 

261 

2009 

319 

2010 

511 

2011 

141 

2012 

968 

Thereafter 

3,441 

5,641 

Discount on senior notes 

(18) 
 
 Capital lease obligations 

2 

5,625 

Interest During 2007, 2006 and 2005, we made cash interest payments of 419 million, 459 million and 393 million, respectively, which includes capitalized interest of 10 million, 5 million and
 5 million, respectively, related to qualifying property construction activities. We recorded losses, which have been included in interest expense on our consolidated statements of operations, during 2007, 2006 and 2005, of approximately
 45 million, 17 million and 30 million, respectively, on the early extinguishment of debt, which includes prepayment premiums, the acceleration of the related discounts and deferred financing costs and the termination of related
interest rate swap agreements. Deferred financing costs amounted to 51 million and 60 million, net of accumulated amortization, as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Amortization of deferred financing costs totaled
 13 million, 15 million and 14 million in 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively, and is included in interest expense on the accompanying statements of operations. Amortization of property and equipment under capital leases totaled 2 million, 2 million and 3 million in 2007, 2006 and 2005,
respectively, and is included in depreciation and amortization on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

5. 
 Stockholders Equity Seven hundred fifty
million shares of common stock, with a par value of 0.01 per share, are authorized, of which 522.6 million and 521.1 million were outstanding as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Fifty million shares of no par value
preferred stock are authorized, with 4.0 million shares outstanding as of December 31, 2007 and 2006. 
 98 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Dividends We are required to distribute at least 90 of our annual taxable income, excluding net capital gain, to qualify as a REIT. However, our policy on common dividends is generally to distribute 100 of our estimated
annual taxable income, including net capital gain, unless otherwise contractually restricted. For our preferred dividends, we will generally pay the quarterly dividend, regardless of the amount of taxable income, unless similarly contractually
restricted. The amount of any dividends will be determined by Host s Board of Directors. All dividends declared in 2007, 2006 and 2005 were determined to be ordinary income. The table below presents the amount of common and preferred dividends declared per share as follows: 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 
 
 Common stock 

1.00 

.76 

.41 
 
 Class B preferred stock 10 

.87 
 
 Class C preferred stock 10 

.625 

2.50 
 
 Class E preferred stock 8 7 / 8 

2.22 

2.22 

2.22 
 Common Stock On April 10, 2006, we issued approximately 133.5 million common shares for the acquisition of hotels from Starwood Hotels Resorts. See Note 12, Acquisitions Starwood Acquisition. 
 During 2006, we converted our Convertible Subordinated Debentures into approximately 24 million shares of common stock. The remainder was
redeemed for 2 million in April 2006. See Note 4, Debt. Preferred Stock We currently have one class of publicly-traded preferred stock outstanding: 4,034,400 shares of 8
 7 / 8 Class E preferred stock. Holders of the
preferred stock are entitled to receive cumulative cash dividends at 8 7 / 8 per annum of the 25.00 per share liquidation preference, which are payable quarterly in arrears. After June 2, 2009, we have the option to redeem the Class E preferred stock for 25.00 per share, plus
accrued and unpaid dividends to the date of redemption. The preferred stock ranks senior to the common stock and the authorized Series A junior participating preferred stock (discussed below). The preferred stockholders generally have no voting
rights. Accrued preferred dividends at December 31, 2007 and 2006 were approximately 2 million. During 2006 and 2005, we
redeemed, at par, all of our then outstanding shares of Class C and B cumulative preferred stock, respectively. The fair value of the preferred stock (which was equal to the redemption price) exceeded the carrying value of the Class C and B
preferred stock by approximately 6 million and 4 million, respectively. These amounts represent the original issuance costs. The original issuance costs for the Class C and B preferred stock have been reflected in the determination of
net income available to common stockholders for the purpose of calculating our basic and diluted earnings per share in the respective years of redemption. Stockholders Rights Plan In 1998, the Board
of Directors adopted a stockholder rights plan under which a dividend of one preferred stock purchase right was distributed for each outstanding share of our common stock. Each right when exercisable entitles the holder to buy 1/1,000 th of a share of a Series A junior participating preferred stock of ours at an exercise price of 55 per share, subject to adjustment. The rights are exercisable
10 days after a person or group acquired beneficial ownership of at least 20 , or began a tender or exchange offer for at least 20 , of our 
 
 99 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 common stock. Shares owned by a person or group on November 3, 1998 and held continuously thereafter are exempt for purposes of determining beneficial
ownership under the rights plan. The rights are non-voting and expire on November 22, 2008, unless exercised or previously redeemed by us for .005 each. If we were involved in a merger or certain other business combinations not approved by the
Board of Directors, each right entitles its holder, other than the acquiring person or group, to purchase common stock of either our company or the acquiror having a value of twice the exercise price of the right. Stock Repurchase Plan Our Board of
Directors has authorized a program to repurchase up to 500 million of common stock. The common stock may be purchased in the open market or through private transactions, dependent upon market conditions. The plan does not obligate us to repurchase
any specific number of shares and may be suspended at any time at management s discretion. 

6. 
 Income Taxes We elected to be treated as a REIT
effective January 1, 1999, pursuant to the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. In general, a corporation that elects REIT status and meets certain tax law requirements regarding the distribution of its taxable income to its
stockholders as prescribed by applicable tax laws and complies with certain other requirements (relating primarily to the nature of its assets and the sources of its revenues) is generally not subject to federal and state income taxation on its
operating income distributed to its stockholders. In addition to paying federal and state income taxes on any retained income, we are subject to taxes on built-in-gains resulting from sales of certain assets. Additionally, our taxable
REIT subsidiaries are subject to federal, state and foreign income tax. The consolidated income tax provision or benefit includes the income tax provision or benefit related to the operations of the taxable REIT subsidiaries, state income taxes
incurred by Host and Host LP and foreign income taxes incurred by Host LP, as well as each of their respective subsidiaries. Where
required, deferred income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting bases of assets and liabilities and their
respective tax bases and for operating loss, capital loss and tax credit carryforwards based on enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when such amounts are realized or settled. However, deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that
it is more likely than not that they will be realized based on consideration of available evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, future projected taxable income and tax planning strategies. Total deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2007 and 2006 are as follows (in millions): 

2007 

2006 

Deferred tax assets 

123 

117 

Less: Valuation allowance 

(25) 

(22) 

Subtotal 

98 

95 

Deferred tax liabilities 

(90) 

(94) 

Net deferred tax asset 

8 

1 

100 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 We have recorded a 100 valuation allowance in the approximate amount of 22 million against the
deferred tax asset for our Mexican net operating loss and asset tax credit carryforwards, and a 70 valuation allowance in the approximate amount of 3 million against the deferred tax asset for our Canadian net operating loss and capital loss
carryforwards. Any reduction in the valuation allowance related to the deferred tax asset for our net operating loss or tax credit carryforward will be recorded as a reduction of income tax expense. The primary components of our net deferred tax
asset are as follows (in millions): 

2007 

2006 

Investment in hotel leases 

2 

9 

Accrued related party interest 

23 

18 

Net operating loss and capital loss carryforwards 

33 

28 

Alternative minimum tax credits 

3 

3 

Safe harbor lease investments 

(17) 

(18) 
 
 Property and equipment depreciation 

1 

1 

Investments in affiliates 

(60) 

(63) 
 
 Holdover period rent expense 

(9) 

(6) 
 
 Prepaid revenue 

36 

36 

Purchase accounting items 

(4) 

(7) 

Net deferred tax asset 

8 

1 

At December 31, 2007, we have aggregate gross domestic and foreign net operating loss,
capital loss and tax credit carryforwards of approximately 145 million. We have deferred tax assets related to these loss and tax credit carryforwards of approximately 61 million with a valuation allowance of approximately
 25 million. Our net operating loss carryforwards expire through 2027, and our foreign capital loss carryforwards have no expiration period. Our domestic tax credits have no expiration period and our foreign asset tax credits expire though
2017. Our U.S. and foreign income from continuing operations before income taxes was as follows (in millions): 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 
 
 U.S. income 

536 

292 

130 
 
 Foreign income 

17 

7 

8 

Total 

553 

299 

138 

The provision (benefit) for income taxes for continuing operations consists of (in millions):

2007 

2006 

2005 

Current Federal 

State 

3 

2 

2 

Foreign 

7 

8 

5 

10 

10 

7 

Deferred Federal 

(8) 

18 

State 

(5) 

2 

Foreign 

1 

(3) 

(7) 

(5) 

17 

Income tax provision continuing operations 

3 

5 

24 

101 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 The total provision for income taxes, including the amounts associated with discontinued operations,
was 3 million, 7 million and 25 million in 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The differences between the income tax
provision (benefit) calculated at the statutory federal income tax rate of 35 percent and the actual income tax provision (benefit) recorded each year for continuing operations are as follows (in millions): 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Statutory federal income tax provision continuing operations 

194 

105 

48 

Nontaxable income of Host REIT continuing operations 

(202) 

(105) 

(26) 
 
 State income tax provision, net 

2 

2 

2 

Uncertain tax positions 

1 

(5) 

(5) 
 
 Foreign income tax provision 

8 

8 

5 

Income tax provision continuing operations 

3 

5 

24 

In each of 2006 and 2005, we recognized an income tax benefit of 5 million relating to the
reduction of previously accrued income taxes after an evaluation of the exposure items and the expiration of related statutes of limitation. No such amount was recognized in 2007. Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds received, was
 8 million for each of 2007, 2006 and 2005. On January 1, 2007, we adopted the provisions of FASB Interpretation No. 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, FIN 48 ). FIN 48 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken in a tax return. We must
determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. Once it is
determined that a position meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement to determine the amount of benefit to
recognize in the financial statements. FIN 48 applies to all tax positions related to income taxes subject to FASB Statement No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes. As a result of the implementation of FIN 48, we recognized a reduction of
our liability for unrecognized tax benefits of approximately 11 million. This reduction was accounted for as an increase to the opening balance of retained earnings on January 1, 2007. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount
of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in millions): 

2007 
 
 Balance at January 1, 2007 

10 
 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 

1 
 
 Settlements 

Balance at December 31, 2007 

11 

All of such amount, if recognized, would impact our reconciliation between the income tax
provision (benefit) calculated at the statutory federal income tax rate of 35 and the actual income tax provision (benefit) recorded each year. We recognize interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses. During the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006, and 2005, we recognized approximately 0.1 million,
 0.2 million and 0.3 million of interest, respectively. We had approximately 0.6 million and 0.5 million for the payment of interest accrued at December 31, 2007, and 2006, respectively. 
 102 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

7. 
 Leases Hotel Leases We lease substantially all of our hotels (the Leases to a wholly owned subsidiary that qualifies as a taxable REIT subsidiary due to federal
income tax restrictions on a REIT s ability to derive revenue directly from the operation and management of a hotel. Hospitality
Properties Trust Relationship In a series of related transactions in 1995 and 1996, we sold and leased back 53 Courtyard by Marriott Courtyard properties and 18 Residence Inn by Marriott Residence Inn properties to Hospitality Properties Trust HPT ). These leases, which are accounted for as operating leases and are included in the table
below, have initial terms expiring between 2010 and 2012 and are renewable at our option. Minimum rent payments are 58 million annually for the Courtyard properties and 19 million annually for the Residence Inn properties, and additional
rent based upon sales levels are payable to HPT under the terms of the leases. In 1998, we sublet the HPT properties (the
 Subleases to separate sublessee subsidiaries of Barcel Crestline Corporation (the Sublessee ), subject to the terms of the applicable HPT lease. The term of each Sublease expires simultaneously with the expiration of
the initial term of the HPT lease to which it relates and automatically renews for the corresponding renewal term under the HPT lease, unless either we or the Sublessee elect not to renew the Sublease provided, however, that neither party can elect
to terminate fewer than all of the Subleases in a particular pool of HPT properties (one for the Courtyard properties and one for the Residence Inn properties). Rent payable by the Sublessee under the Subleases consists of the minimum rent payable
under the HPT lease and an additional percentage rent payable to us. The percentage rent payable by the Sublessee is generally sufficient to cover the additional rent due under the HPT lease, with any excess being retained by us. The rent payable
under the Subleases is guaranteed by the Sublessee, up to a maximum amount of 30 million, which is allocated between the two pools of HPT properties. Other Lease Information As of December 31, 2007, all or a portion of 37 of our hotels are
subject to ground leases, generally with multiple renewal options, all of which are accounted for as operating leases. For lease agreements with scheduled rent increases, we recognize the lease expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the
lease. Certain of these leases contain provisions for the payment of contingent rentals based on a percentage of sales in excess of stipulated amounts. We also have leases on facilities used in our former restaurant business, some of which we
subsequently subleased. These leases and subleases contain one or more renewal options, generally for five or ten-year periods. The restaurant leases are accounted for as operating leases. Our lease activities also include leases entered into by our
hotels for various types of equipment, such as computer equipment, vehicles and telephone systems. Equipment leases are accounted for as either operating or capital leases depending on the characteristics of the particular lease arrangement.
Equipment leases that are characterized as capital leases are classified as furniture and equipment and are depreciated over the life of the lease. The amortization charge applicable to capitalized leases is included in depreciation expense in the
accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 103 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 The following table presents the future minimum annual rental commitments required under
non-cancelable leases for which we are the lessee as of December 31, 2007. Minimum payments for the operating leases have not been reduced by aggregate minimum sublease rentals from restaurants and the Sublessee of approximately 9 million
and 347 million, respectively, payable to us under non-cancelable subleases. 

Capital Leases 
 
 Operating Leases 

(in millions) 
 
 2008 

1 

121 
 
 2009 

1 

118 
 
 2010 

115 
 
 2011 

93 
 
 2012 

90 
 
 Thereafter 

1,009 

Total minimum lease payments 

2 

1,546 

Less: amount representing interest 

Present value of minimum lease payments 

2 

We remain contingently liable on certain leases relating to our former restaurant business. Such
contingent liabilities aggregated 25 million as of December 31, 2007. However, management considers the likelihood of any material funding related to these leases to be remote. Rent expense consists of (in millions): 

2007 

2006 

2005 

Minimum rentals on operating leases 

120 

125 

119 

Additional rentals based on sales 

39 

28 

19 

Less: sublease rentals 

(92) 

(88) 

(85) 

67 

65 

53 

8. 
 Employee Stock Plans We maintain two stock-based
compensation plans, the comprehensive stock plan (the Comprehensive Plan ), whereby we may award to participating employees (i) restricted shares of our common stock, (ii) options to purchase our common stock and
(iii) deferred shares of our common stock and the employee stock purchase plan. At December 31, 2007, there were approximately 9 million shares of common stock reserved and available for issuance under the Comprehensive Plan.
 We recognize costs resulting from our share-based payment transactions in our financial statements over their vesting periods. We classify
share-based payment awards granted in exchange for employee services as either equity classified awards or liability classified awards. The classification of our restricted stock awards as either an equity award or a liability award is primarily
based upon cash settlement options. Equity classified awards are measured based on the fair value on the date of grant. Liability classified awards are remeasured to fair value each reporting period. The value of all restricted stock awards, less
estimated forfeitures, is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award the requisite service period (usually the vesting period). No compensation cost is recognized for awards for
which employees do not render the requisite service. All restricted stock awards to senior executives have been classified as 
 
 104 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 liability awards, primarily due to settlement features that allow the recipient to have a percentage of the restricted stock awards withheld to meet tax
requirements in excess of the statutory minimum withholding. Restricted stock awards to our upper-middle management have been classified as equity awards as these awards do not have this optional tax withholding feature. We adopted the fair value provisions of SFAS 123 in 2002 and, therefore, have recognized the costs associated with all share-based payment awards granted
after January 1, 2002. Effective January 1, 2006, we instituted a new restricted stock program, which is accounted for using the provisions of SFAS 123R. Restricted Stock During the first quarter of 2006, we granted shares to senior executives to be
distributed through year end 2008 in three annual installments (the 2006 2008 Plan ). Vesting for these shares is determined both on continued employment and market performance based on the achievement of total shareholder return
on an absolute and relative basis. For the shares that vest solely on continued employment, we recognize compensation expense over the requisite period based on the market price at the balance sheet date. For liability classified share awards that
vest based on market performance, we recognize compensation expense over the requisite service period based on the fair value of the shares at the balance sheet date, which is estimated using a simulation or Monte Carlo method. For the purpose of
the simulation at year end 2007, we assumed a volatility of 24.8 , which is calculated based on the volatility of our stock price over the last three years, a risk-free interest rate of 3.07 , which reflects the yield on a 3-year Treasury bond, and
a stock beta of 0.987 compared to the REIT composite index based on three years of historical price data. The number of shares issued is adjusted for forfeitures. We made an additional grant of shares to senior executives in February 2006 2006 supplemental grant ). Twenty-five percent of this award vested immediately, and was expensed on the date of grant, while the
remaining 75 will vest over a three-year period that began in February 2006 based on continued employment. We recognize compensation expense for the outstanding portion of this grant based on the market price at the balance sheet date. 
 Effective January 1, 2008, we made additional grants to nine senior executives of approximately 200,000 shares. Certain of these shares will vest
based on continued employment through December 31, 2008. We recognize compensation expense for the outstanding portion of these shares based on the market price at the balance sheet date. The remaining shares issued will vest based on continued
employment and market performance in accordance with the 2006 2008 Plan and we will recognize compensation expense consistent with the above discussion. During 2007, 2006 and 2005, we recorded compensation expense of approximately 3 million, 32 million and 20 million respectively, related to the restricted stock awards to senior executives. The total
unrecognized compensation cost, based on the valuation criteria above, that relates to nonvested restricted stock awards at December 31, 2007 was approximately 8 million, which, if earned, will be recognized over the weighted average of
one year. The following table is a summary of the status of our senior executive plans for the three years ended December 31, 2007. The fair values for the awards below are based on the fair value at the respective transaction dates, as the
awards are classified as liability awards. 
 105 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Shares (in millions) 

Fair Value (per share) 
 
 Shares (in millions) 

Fair Value (per share) 
 
 Shares (in millions) 

Fair Value (per share) 
 
 Balance, at beginning of year 
 
 2.4 

19 

1.2 

17 
 
 Granted 

3.5 

16 

Vested(1) 
 
 (.2) 

24 
 
 (1.1) 

24 
 
 (1.1) 

19 
 
 Forfeited/expired 
 
 (.7) 

8 

(.1) 

17 

Balance, at end of year(2) 
 
 1.5 

7 
 
 2.4 

19 

Issued in calendar year(1) 
 
 .6 

25 
 
 .7 

19 
 
 .6 

17 

(1) 
 Shares that vest at December 31 of each year are issued to the employees in the first quarter of the following year, although the requisite service period is complete.
Accordingly, the 0.6 million shares issued in 2007 include shares vested at December 31, 2006, after adjusting for shares withheld to meet employee tax requirements. The withheld shares for employee tax requirements were valued at
 13.3 million, 11.7 million and 7.7 million, for 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. 

(2) 
 The 2007 balance does not reflect the 200,000 shares granted on January 1, 2008. Based on our historical forfeiture rates, we expect that substantially all shares will vest
assuming the required market conditions are met. We also maintain a restricted stock program for our upper-middle
management. Vesting for these shares is determined based on continued employment and, accordingly, we recognize compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the service period of three years. We recorded compensation expense related to these
shares of 1.6 million, 1.5 million and 1.4 million during 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The total unrecognized compensation cost, measured on the grant date, that relates to nonvested restricted stock awards at
December 31, 2007 was approximately 0.5 million, which, if earned, will be recognized over the weighted average remaining service period of one year. The following table is a summary of the status of our upper-middle management plan
for the three years ended December 31, 2007. The fair values for the awards below are based on the fair value at the grant date of the respective awards, as the awards are classified as equity awards. 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Shares (in thousands) 

Fair Value (per share) 
 
 Shares (in thousands) 

Fair Value (per share) 
 
 Shares (in thousands) 

Fair Value (per share) 
 
 Balance, at beginning of year 
 
 22 

20 
 
 25 

16 
 
 21 

13 
 
 Granted 
 
 66 

28 
 
 78 

20 
 
 89 

16 
 
 Vested(1) 
 
 (64) 

25 
 
 (74) 

19 
 
 (80) 

15 
 
 Forfeited/expired 
 
 (4) 

25 
 
 (7) 

18 
 
 (5) 

15 

Balance, at end of year(2) 
 
 20 

28 
 
 22 

20 
 
 25 

16 

Issued in calendar year(1) 
 
 45 

22 
 
 47 

17 
 
 37 

16 

(1) 
 Shares that vest at December 31 of each year are issued to the employees in the first quarter of the following year, although the requisite service period is complete.
Accordingly, the 45,000 shares issued in 2007 include the shares vested at December 31, 2006, after adjusting for shares withheld to meet employee tax requirements. The value of shares withheld for employee tax requirements was not material for
all periods presented. 

(2) 
 Based on our historical forfeiture rates, we assume that substantially all shares will vest. Employee Stock Purchase Plan Under
the terms of the employee stock purchase plan ESPP ), eligible employees may purchase common stock through payroll deductions at 90 of the lower of market value at the beginning or end of the plan year, which ran from February 1
through January 31. We record compensation expense for the employee stock purchase plan based on the fair value of the employees purchase rights, which is estimated using an option-pricing model with the following assumptions for the
2007, 2006 and 2005 plan years, respectively; Risk-free interest rate of 3.3 , 4.7 and 4.3 , volatility of 33 , 33 and 34 , expected life of one year for all periods. 
 
 106 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 We assume a dividend yield of 0 for these grants, as no dividends are accrued during the one year vesting period. We issued approximately 29,000, 16,000 and
14,000 shares, for the 2007, 2006 and 2005 plan years, respectively. The weighted average fair value of these shares granted was 5.91, 4.73 and 4.27 in 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The compensation expense reflected in net income was not
material for all periods presented. Effective January 1, 2008, we modified the ESPP so that eligible employees may purchase common stock at 90 of the lower of market value at the beginning or end of each calendar quarter. Employee Stock Options Effective
January 1, 2002, we adopted the expense recognition provisions of SFAS 123 for employee stock options granted on or after January 1, 2002 only. We did not grant any stock options after December 2002. All options granted are fully vested as
of December 31, 2006. The fair value of the 2002 stock options was estimated on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. Compensation expense for the stock options is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. The
weighted average fair value per option granted during 2002 was 1.41. We did not record any compensation expense related to these shares in 2007, as all shares were fully vested at December 31, 2006. We recorded compensation expense of
approximately 229,000 and 244,000 for 2006 and 2005, respectively, which represents the expense for stock options granted during 2002. As of December 31, 2006, all outstanding options were exercisable. The aggregate intrinsic value of the
outstanding and exercisable options at December 31, 2007 and 2006 was approximately 3.5 million and 12.9 million, respectively. The following table is a summary of the status of our stock option plans that have been approved by our stockholders for the three years ended December 31, 2007. We do not have stock option plans that have not been approved by our
stockholders. 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Shares (in millions) 

Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Shares (in millions) 

Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Shares (in millions) 

Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Balance, at beginning of year 
 
 .7 

6 
 
 1.4 

6 
 
 2.6 

6 
 
 Granted 

Exercised 
 
 (.3) 

9 
 
 (.7) 

6 
 
 (1.1) 

6 
 
 Forfeited/expired 

(.1) 

6 

Balance, at end of year 
 
 .4 

7 
 
 .7 

6 
 
 1.4 

6 

Options exercisable at year-end 
 
 .4 

.7 

1.2 

The following table summarizes information about stock options at December 31, 2007:

Options Outstanding and Exercisable 
 
 Range of Exercise Prices 
 
 Shares (in millions) 
 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life 
 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 1 3 

3 
 
 4 6 
 
 .1 
 
 1 

6 
 
 7 9 
 
 .3 
 
 8 

8 

.4 

107 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 In connection with the Host Marriott Services HM Services spin-off in 1995, outstanding
options held by our current and former employees were redenominated in both our and HM Services stock and the exercise prices of the options were adjusted based on the relative trading prices of shares of the common stock of the two companies.
Pursuant to the distribution agreement between us and HM Services, we originally had the right to receive up to 1.4 million shares of HM Services common stock or an equivalent cash value subsequent to exercise of the options held by
certain former and current employees of Marriott International. However, in 1999, HM Services was no longer publicly traded (and was renamed HMS Host) and, as a result, all future payments to us were to be made in cash. As of December 31, 2007
and 2006, the receivable balance was approximately 0.5 million and 1 million, respectively, which is included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. All of the remaining options will expire in 2008 if not
exercised. Deferred Stock Deferred stock incentive plan shares granted to officers and key employees after 1990 generally vest over 10 years in annual installments commencing one year after the date of grant. Certain employees may elect to defer payments until
termination or retirement. We accrue compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period for the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant, less estimated forfeitures. No shares were granted under this plan since 2003.
The compensation cost that has been charged against income for deferred stock was not material for all periods presented. The implementation of SFAS No. 123 had no impact on the calculation of compensation expense for the deferred stock
incentive plan. 

9. 
 Profit Sharing and Postemployment Benefit Plans We
contribute to defined contribution plans for the benefit of employees meeting certain eligibility requirements and electing participation in the plans. The discretionary amount to be matched by us is determined annually by the Board of Directors. We
provide medical benefits to a limited number of retired employees meeting restrictive eligibility requirements. Our recorded liability for this obligation is not material. Payments for these items were not material for the three years ended
December 31, 2007. 

10. 
 Discontinued Operations Assets Held For Sale
 As of December 31, 2007, none of our hotels were classified as held for sale. As of December 31, 2006, four hotels were
classified as held for sale, all of which were sold during January 2007. We reclassified the assets and liabilities relating to these hotels as held for sale in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2006, as detailed in the
following table (in millions): 

2006 
 
 Property and equipment, net 

95 
 
 Other assets 

1 

Total assets 

96 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

108 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Dispositions We sold nine hotels in 2007, seven hotels in 2006 and five hotels in 2005. The following table summarizes the revenues, income before taxes, and the gain on dispositions, net of tax, of the hotels which have been
reclassified to discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented (in millions): 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 
 
 Revenues 

35 

167 

266 
 
 Income before taxes 

15 

28 

34 
 
 Gain on disposals, net of tax 

164 

416 

19 

11. 
 Gain on Insurance Settlement Eight of our
properties sustained damage from hurricanes during 2005, with two, the New Orleans Marriott and the Fort Lauderdale Marina Marriott, having extensive damage which required us to temporarily close all or part of these hotels. Our insurance coverage
for the properties entitles us to receive recoveries for damage to the hotels, as well as payments for business interruption. Gains on property insurance proceeds represent proceeds received in excess of the insurance receivable, which represents
the book value of the damaged assets that were written-off. All gains resulting from insurance proceeds are not recognized until all contingencies are resolved. The following chart details the damages incurred, proceeds received and gains recorded
as of December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 due to hurricanes Katrina and Wilma (in millions): Property Insurance 

Property Damage(1) 
 
 Property Insurance Proceeds Received 
 
 Gain on Property Insurance Proceeds 
 
 Event 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 Hurricane Katrina 2005 

21 

24 

13 

16 

Hurricane Wilma 2005(2) 

16 

14 

8 

6 

37 

38 

21 

22 

Business Interruption Insurance 

Gain on Business Interruption Insurance
Proceeds Received 
 
 Event 
 
 2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 
 
 Hurricane Katrina 2005 

30 

10 

9 
 
 Hurricane Wilma 2005(2) 

6 

6 

36 

16 

9 

(1) 
 Represents the book value of the property and equipment written off and repairs and clean-up costs incurred as a result of the hurricane damage. 

(2) 
 The Ft. Lauderdale Marina Marriott was sold in January 2006, and, as a result, the gains on insurance settlement for this hotel are included in discontinued operations on the
accompanying income statement. 
 109 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

12. 
 Acquisitions Starwood Acquisition
 On April 10, 2006, we acquired 25 domestic hotels and three foreign hotels from Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide,
Inc., or Starwood. The acquisition was completed pursuant to the Master Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 14, 2005, and amended as of March 24, 2006, (the Master Agreement among Host, Starwood and certain of
their respective subsidiaries. For the 28 hotels, the total consideration paid by Host to Starwood and its stockholders included the
issuance of 2.27 billion of equity (133,529,412 shares of Host common stock) to Starwood stockholders, the assumption of 77 million in debt and the cash payment of approximately 750 million, which included closing costs. An
exchange price of Host common stock of 16.97 per share was calculated based on guidance set forth in Emerging Issues Task Force Issue No. 99-12, as the average of the closing prices of Host common stock during the range of trading days from
two days before and after the November 14, 2005 announcement date. The purchase price of the acquired assets and liabilities was
recorded based on fair value. Property and equipment was recorded on a stepped-up basis from historical costs and the fair value of assumed debt was based on expected future debt service payments discounted at risk-adjusted rates. Other assets and
liabilities were recorded at historical costs, which is believed to be equivalent to fair value. In conjunction with our acquisition of
the Starwood properties, and in accordance with SFAS 141, we identified five agreements which we determined were not on market terms and recorded each of these agreements at their fair value as either an intangible asset or liability on the
accompanying 2006 balance sheet. We recognized an intangible asset for a ground lease with a fair value of approximately 3 million that is recorded in other assets on our balance sheet. Additionally, we recorded an intangible liability for
four unfavorable ground and retail lease agreements with a total fair value of approximately 8 million that is included in other liabilities on the accompanying 2006 balance sheet. The intangible asset and liabilities will be amortized over
the life of the related agreements, with the income or expense recorded in other property level expenses. The following table summarizes
the estimated fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Starwood transaction, less the Sheraton Warsaw Hotel Towers, which was contributed to the European joint venture on May 2, 2006 (see Note 3 for further
information) (in millions): 

Property and equipment, net 

3,058 

Other assets 

10 

Total assets 

3,068 

Debt(a) 

(77) 
 
 Other liabilities 

(19) 

Net assets acquired 

2,972 

(a) 
 We assumed 77 million of mortgage debt from Starwood with a fair value of 86 million in the transaction. 
 110 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Our summarized unaudited consolidated pro forma results of operations, assuming the Starwood
acquisition occurred on January 1, 2005, are as follows (in millions, except per share amounts): 

2006 
 
 2005 
 
 Revenues 

5,061 

4,618 
 
 Income from continuing operations 

310 

216 
 
 Net income 

754 

268 
 
 Net income available to common shareholders 

734 

237 
 
 Basic earnings per common share: 

Continuing operations 

.56 

.38 
 
 Discontinued operations 

.85 

.11 

Basic earnings per common share 

1.41 

.49 

Diluted earnings per common share: 

Continuing operations 

.55 

.38 
 
 Discontinued operations 

.85 

.10 

Diluted earnings per common share 

1.40 

.48 

Other Acquisitions On September 1, 2006, we acquired The Westin Kierland Resort Spa in Scottsdale, Arizona, for approximately 393 million, including
the assumption of the 135 million of mortgage debt with a fair value of 133 million. In connection with the acquisition, we recorded an intangible asset with a fair value of approximately 4 million, which is included in other
assets on the accompanying balance sheet. The intangible asset will be amortized over the life of the hotel management agreement. For the
Starwood and The Westin Kierland acquisitions, the amount of amortization income and expense for intangible assets and liabilities were both immaterial for the period ended December 31, 2006. The intangibles that we assumed have an amortization
period of three to 70 years. Additionally, the estimated aggregate net amortization for the next five years is expected to be less than 1 million. The pro forma statements of operations have not been provided for The Westin Kierland Resort Spa acquisition in 2006 and the acquisition of the Hyatt Regency Washington on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C.
in 2005, as the effect of the acquisitions was not material. 

13. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value
of certain financial assets and liabilities and other financial instruments are shown below: 

2007 
 
 2006 

Carrying Amount 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Carrying Amount 
 
 Fair Value 

(in millions) 
 
 Financial assets 

Notes receivable 

9 

9 

9 

9 
 
 Financial liabilities 

Senior notes 

3,026 

2,950 

3,031 

3,033 
 
 Exchangeable Senior Debentures 

1,088 

1,090 

495 

737 
 
 Credit Facility 

250 

250 
 
 Mortgage debt and other, net of capital leases 

1,509 

1,564 

2,100 

2,181 
 
 111 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Notes receivable and other financial assets are valued based on the expected future cash flows
discounted at risk-adjusted rates. Valuations for secured debt are determined based on the expected future payments discounted at risk-adjusted rates. Senior notes and the Convertible Subordinated Debentures are valued based on quoted market prices.
The fair values of financial instruments not included in this table are estimated to be equal to their carrying amounts. 

14. 
 Relationship with Marriott International We have
entered into various agreements with Marriott, including the management of approximately 60 of our hotels, as well as franchised properties; financing for joint ventures or partnerships including the acquisition in 1996 of two hotels (one of which
was sold on January 30, 2004) in Mexico City, Mexico and the 2000 acquisition of CBM Joint Venture LLC (see Note 3) and certain limited administrative services. In 2007, 2006 and 2005, we paid Marriott 197 million, 165 million and 148 million, respectively, in hotel management fees and approximately 1 million in franchise fees for each of 2007, 2006
and 2005. Included in the management fees paid are amounts paid to The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, LLC (Ritz-Carlton), Courtyard Management Corporation and Residence Inn Management Corporation. We negotiated amendments to various management agreements with Marriott and agreed, among other matters, to waive performance termination tests through
the end of fiscal year 2009, to modify certain extension tests which condition the manager s ability to renew the management agreements, and to extend certain contracts for ten additional years. As part of this negotiation, Marriott agreed to
make cash payments to us, over time, to reduce an existing cap on the costs and expenses related to chain services that are provided on a centralized basis, as well as to establish a cap on certain other costs, to provide us with an incentive to
increase our capital expenditures at the hotels through 2008, to waive certain deferred management fees, and to modify the incentive management fee on certain contracts. In addition, we agreed to use a portion of Marriott s cash payments for
brand reinvestment projects at various hotels in our portfolio. 

15. 
 Hotel Management Agreements and Operating and License Agreements Our hotels are subject to management agreements under which various operators, including Marriott, Ritz-Carlton, Hyatt, Swiss tel, Hilton, Four Seasons, Fairmont and Starwood, operate our hotels for the payment
of a management fee. The agreements generally provide for both base and incentive management fees based on hotel sales and operating profit, respectively. As part of the management agreements, the manager furnishes the hotels with certain chain
services which are generally provided on a central or regional basis to all hotels in the manager s hotel system. Chain services include central training, advertising and promotion, national reservation systems, computerized payroll and
accounting services, and such additional services as needed which may be more efficiently performed on a centralized basis. Costs and expenses incurred in providing such services are allocated among the hotels managed, owned or leased by the manager
on a fair and equitable basis. In addition, our managers will generally have a guest rewards program which will be charged to all of the hotels that participate in the program. We are obligated to provide the manager with sufficient funds, generally 5 of revenue generated at the hotel, to cover the cost of (a) certain
non-routine repairs and maintenance to the hotels which are normally capitalized; and (b) replacements and renewals to the hotels furniture, fixtures and equipment. Under certain circumstances, we will be required to establish escrow
accounts for such purposes under terms outlined in the agreements. 
 112 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Marriott International Of our hotels, 68 are subject to management agreements under which Marriott or one of their subsidiaries manages the hotels, generally for an initial term
of 15 to 20 years with one or more renewal terms at the option of Marriott. Marriott typically receives a base fee of three percent of gross revenues and incentive management fees generally equal to 20 operating profit after we have received a
priority return. We have the option to terminate certain management agreements if specified performance or extension thresholds are not satisfied. A single agreement may be canceled under certain conditions, although such cancellation will not
trigger the cancellation of any other agreement. Additionally, we have agreed with Marriott that a pool of hotels currently subject to
existing management agreements may be sold over time unencumbered by a Marriott management agreement without the payment of termination fees, subject to certain restrictions. The remaining pool includes 22 hotels. Approximately 68 of this pool may
be sold free and clear of their existing management agreements without the payment of a termination fee, provided the hotels maintain the Marriott brand affiliation through a franchise agreement. A percentage of these hotels may also be sold free
and clear of their existing management agreements and brand affiliation without a termination fee. We have a franchise agreement with
Marriott for one hotel. Pursuant to the franchise agreement, we pay a franchise fee based on a percentage of room sales and food and beverage sales, as well as certain other fees for advertising and reservations. Franchise fees for room sales are
approximately six percent of sales, while fees for food and beverage sales are approximately three percent of sales. The franchise agreement has a term of 30 years. Ritz-Carlton We hold management agreements with Ritz-Carlton, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Marriott,
to manage nine of our hotels. These agreements have an initial term of 15 to 25 years with one or more renewal terms at the option of Ritz-Carlton. Base management fees vary from two to five percent of sales and incentive management fees, if any,
are generally equal to 20 of available cash flow or operating profit, after we have received a priority return as defined in the agreements. Starwood As of December 31, 2007, 23 of our hotels are subject to operating and license agreements with Starwood under
which Starwood operates the hotels, for an initial term of 20 years, with two renewal terms of 10 years each. Starwood receives compensation in the form of a base fee of 1 of annual gross operating revenues, and an incentive fee of 20 of annual
gross operating profit, after we have received a priority return of 10.75 on our purchase price and other investments in the hotels. The
license agreements address matters relating to the subject brand, including rights to use service marks, logos, symbols and trademarks, such as those associated with Westin, Sheraton. W, Luxury Collection and St. Regis, as well as matters relating
to compliance with certain standards and policies and (including through other agreements in the case of certain hotels) the provision of certain system program and centralized services. The license agreements have an initial term of 20 years each,
with two renewal terms of 10 years each at the option of the licensor. Licensors receive compensation in the form of license fees of 5 of room sales and 2 of food and beverage sales. We have the right to terminate the operating agreements on 13 specified hotels as of December 31, 2007 upon the sale of those hotels. With respect
to four hotels as of December 31, 2007, we have the right to sell no 
 
 113 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 more than three annually free and clear of their existing operating agreements without the payment of a termination fee, and we have a limited right to
terminate one license agreement annually. With respect to the remaining nine hotels, we have the right beginning in 2016 to sell 35 of the hotels (measured by EBITDA) free and clear of the existing operating agreement over a period of time without
the payment of a termination fee. With respect to any termination of an operating agreement on sale, the proposed purchaser would need to meet the requirements for transfer under the applicable license agreement. Other Managers We also hold
management agreements with hotel management companies such as Hyatt, Hilton, Four Seasons and Fairmont for 17 of our hotels. These agreements generally provide for an initial term of 10 to 20 years with renewal terms at the option of either party
or, in some cases, the hotel management company of up to an additional one to 15 years. The agreements generally provide for payment of base management fees equal to one to four percent of sales. Sixteen of the seventeen agreements also provide for
incentive management fees generally equal to 10 to 30 percent of available cash flow, operating profit, or net operating income, as defined in the agreements, after we have received a priority return. 

16. 
 Geographic and Business Segment Information We
consider each one of our hotels to be an operating segment, none of which meets the threshold for a reportable segment. We also allocate resources and assess operating performance based on individual hotels. All of our other real estate investment
activities (primarily our leased hotels and office buildings) are immaterial, and thus, we report one business segment: hotel ownership. Our foreign operations consist of four properties located in Canada, two properties located in Chile and one
property located in Mexico. There were no intercompany sales between us and the foreign properties. The following table presents revenues and long-lived assets for each of the geographical areas in which we operate (in millions): 

2007 
 
 2006 
 
 2005 

Revenues 
 
 Property and Equipment 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Property and Equipment 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Property and Equipment 
 
 United States 

5,255 

10,358 

4,664 

10,384 

3,576 

7,286 
 
 Canada 

117 

140 

107 

112 

94 

110 
 
 Chile 

27 

57 

16 

53 

Mexico 

27 

33 

26 

35 

24 

38 

Total 

5,426 

10,588 

4,813 

10,584 

3,694 

7,434 

17. 
 Guarantees and Contingencies We have certain
guarantees which consist of commitments we have made to third parties for leases or debt that are not on our books due to various dispositions, spin-offs and contractual arrangements, but that we have agreed to pay in the event of certain
circumstances including default by an unrelated party. We consider the likelihood of any material payments under these guarantees to be remote. The guarantees are listed below: 

We remain contingently liable for rental payments on certain divested non-lodging properties. These primarily represent divested restaurants that were sold subject
to our guarantee of the future rental payments. The aggregate amount of these future rental payments is approximately 25 million as of December 31, 2007. 
 114 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

In 1997, we owned Leisure Park Venture Limited Partnership, which owns and operates a senior living facility. We spun-off the partnership to Barcel 
Crestline Corporation, formerly Crestline Capital Corporation, in the REIT conversion, but we remain obligated under a guarantee of interest and principal with regard to 14.7 million of municipal bonds issued by the New Jersey Economic
Development Authority through their maturity in 2027. However, to the extent we are required to make any payments under the guarantee, we have been indemnified by Barcel Crestline Corporation, who, in turn, is indemnified by the current
owner of the facility. 

In connection with the sale of two hotels in January 2005, we remain contingently liable for the amounts due under the respective ground leases. The future minimum
lease payments are approximately 14 million through the full term of the leases, including renewal options. We believe that any liability related to these ground leases is remote, and in each case, we have been indemnified by the purchaser of
the hotel. 

In connection with the Starwood acquisition, we have three properties with environmental liabilities, primarily asbestos in non-public areas of the properties, for
which we have recorded the present value of the liability, or approximately 2.4 million, in accordance with FIN 47 Accounting for Conditional Asset Retirement Obligations . The amount is based on management s estimate of the
timing and future costs to remediate the liability. We will record the accretion expense over the period we intend to hold the hotel or until the item is remediated. 

18. 
 Related Party Transactions In December 2006, the
insurance trust which holds split-dollar life insurance policies for Mr. J. Willard Marriott, Jr., a former member of Host s Board of Directors, exercised its rights under its Split-Dollar Life Insurance Policies Agreement with the Company
to purchase our interest in the policy. We received approximately 4.5 million, which equaled the premiums paid on the policy since 1996 (inception) in accordance with the terms of the agreement. 
 115 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

19. 
 Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) 

2007 

First Quarter 
 
 Second Quarter 
 
 Third Quarter 
 
 Fourth Quarter 

(in millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 Revenues 

1,031 

1,385 

1,201 

1,809 
 
 Operating profit 

133 

283 

165 

372 
 
 Income from continuing operations 

42 

146 

93 

269 
 
 Income from discontinued operations 

145 

3 

4 

25 
 
 Net income 

187 

149 

97 

294 
 
 Net income available to common stockholders 

185 

147 

95 

291 
 
 Basic earnings per common share: 

Continuing operations 

.07 

.28 

.17 

.51 
 
 Discontinued operations 

.28 

.01 

.05 
 
 Net income 

.35 

.28 

.18 

.56 
 
 Diluted earnings per common share: 

Continuing operations 

.07 

.27 

.17 

.49 
 
 Discontinued operations 

.28 

.01 

.05 
 
 Net income 

.35 

.27 

.18 

.54 

2006 

First Quarter 
 
 Second Quarter 
 
 Third Quarter 
 
 Fourth Quarter 

(in millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 Revenues 

821 

1,177 

1,105 

1,710 
 
 Operating profit 

110 

226 

121 

305 
 
 Income from continuing operations 

12 

89 

31 

162 
 
 Income from discontinued operations 

160 

240 

10 

34 
 
 Net income 

172 

330 

40 

196 
 
 Net income available to common stockholders 

166 

320 

38 

194 
 
 Basic earnings per common share: 

Continuing operations 

.02 

.16 

.05 

.31 
 
 Discontinued operations 

.42 

.49 

.02 

.06 
 
 Net income 

.44 

.65 

.07 

.37 
 
 Diluted earnings per common share: 

Continuing operations 

.02 

.16 

.05 

.30 
 
 Discontinued operations 

.42 

.46 

.02 

.06 
 
 Net income 

.44 

.62 

.07 

.36 
 The sum of the basic and diluted earnings per common share for the four quarters in all years
presented differs from the annual earnings per common share due to the required method of computing the weighted average number of shares in the respective periods. 
 116 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting for the Company. With the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2007 based on the Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2007. There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2007 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has issued an
attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which appears in Item 8 of this report. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information None.
 
 117 

PART III Certain information called for by Items 10-14 is incorporated by reference from our 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Notice and Proxy Statement (to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after
the close of our fiscal year). 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information required by this item with respect to directors is incorporated by reference to the section of Host s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders entitled Proposal
One: Election of Directors. See Part I of this Annual Report for information regarding Host s executive officers. The
information required by this item with respect to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated by reference to the section of Host s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders entitled
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance. The information required by this item with respect to Host s
Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Experts is incorporated by reference to the section of Host s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders entitled The Board of Directors and Committees of the
Board. There have been no material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors since our last annual report. We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all employees. In compliance with the applicable rules of the SEC, special ethics obligations of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, Corporate Controller and other employees who perform financial or accounting functions are set forth in Section 8 of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, entitled Special Ethics Obligations of Employees with Financial Reporting
Obligations . The Code is available at the Investor Information/Corporate Governance section of our website at www.hosthotels.com . A copy of the Code is available in print, free of charge, to stockholders upon request to the Company at the
address set forth in Item 1, Attn: Secretary. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, regarding an amendment to or waiver from our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by
posting such information on our web site. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections of Host s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders entitled: Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Executive Officer
and Director Compensation, The Board of Directors and Committees of the Board Compensation Policy Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Report of the Compensation Policy Committee on Executive
Compensation. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections of Host s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2008 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders entitled: Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Executive Officer and Director Compensation Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions The Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the section of Host s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders entitled Certain Relationships and Related
Person Transactions. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the section of Host s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders entitled Auditor Fees. 
 118 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) LIST OF DOCUMENTS FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT 

(i) 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS All financial statements of the
registrant are set forth under Item 8 of this Report on Form 10-K. (ii) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES The following financial information is filed herewith on the pages indicated. Financial Schedules: 

Page 
 
 III. 
 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation. 
 
 S-1 to S-6 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is
included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. (b) EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Master Agreement and Plan of Merger among Host Marriott Corporation, Host Marriott, L.P., Horizon Supernova Merger Sub, L.L.C., Horizon SLT Merger Sub, L.P., Starwood Hotels Resorts
Worldwide, Inc., Starwood Hotels Resorts, Sheraton Holding Corporation and SLT Realty Limited Partnership dated as of November 14, 2005 (incorporated by reference from Annex A to the proxy statement/prospectus contained in Host Marriott
Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-130249) filed on December 9, 2005). 

2.2 
 
 Indemnification Agreement among Host Marriott Corporation, Host Marriott L.P. and Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide, Inc. dated November 14, 2005 (incorporated by reference from
Annex B to the proxy statement/prospectus contained in Host Marriott Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-130249) filed on December 9, 2005). 

2.3 
 
 Tax Sharing and Indemnification Agreement among Host Marriott Corporation, Host Marriott, L.P., Horizon Supernova Merger Sub, L.L.C., Horizon SLT Merger Sub, L.P., Starwood Hotels Resorts
Worldwide, Inc., Starwood Hotels Resorts, Sheraton Holding Corporation and SLT Realty Limited Partnership dated as of November 14, 2005 (incorporated by reference from Annex C to the proxy statement/prospectus contained in Host Marriott
Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-130249) filed on December 9, 2005). 

2.4 
 
 Amendment Agreement, dated March 24, 2006, amending the master agreement and plan of merger, the indemnification agreement and the tax sharing and indemnification agreement by and among Host
Marriott Corporation, Host Marriott, L.P., Horizon Supernova Merger Sub, L.L.C., Horizon SLT Merger Sub, L.P., Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide, Inc., Starwood Hotels Resorts, Sheraton Holding Corporation and SLT Realty Limited
Partnership, each dated November 14, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 of Host Marriott Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 28, 2006). 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Restatement of Articles of Incorporation of Host Marriott Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Host Marriott Corporation s Report on Form 10-Q, for the
quarter ended September 9, 2005, filed October 17, 2005). 
 
 119 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K,
filed on April 19, 2006). 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc., effective October 25, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. Current Report on
Form 8-K, filed on October 31, 2006). 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to Host Marriott Corporation s Amendment No. 4 to its Registration Statement on Form S-4 (SEC File No.
333-55807) filed on October 2, 1998). 

4.2 
 
 Rights Agreement between Host Marriott Corporation and The Bank of New York as Rights Agent, dated as of November 23, 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Host Marriott
Corporation s Registration Statement on Form 8-A12B, filed on December 11, 1998). 

4.3 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Rights Agreement between Host Marriott Corporation and The Bank of New York, as Rights Agent, dated as of December 18, 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Host
Marriott Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-A/A, filed on December 24, 1998). 

4.4 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Rights Agreement between Host Marriott Corporation and The Bank of New York, as Rights Agent, dated as of August 21, 2002 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to
Host Marriott Corporation s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 6, 2002, filed on October 21, 2002). 

4.5 
 
 Form of Rights Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Host Marriott Corporation s Registration Statement on Form 8-A (SEC File No. 333-55807) filed on December 11, 1998).

4.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Indenture dated as of August 5, 1998, by and among HMH Properties, Inc., as Issuer, and the Subsidiary Guarantors named therein, and Marine Midland Bank, as Trustee
(incorporated by reference to Host Marriott Corporation Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 6, 1998). 

4.7 
 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 14, 1998, by and among HMH Properties Inc., Host Marriott, L.P., the entities identified therein as New Subsidiary Guarantors and Marine
Midland Bank, as Trustee, to the Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of August 5, 1998, among the Company, the Guarantors named therein, Subsidiary Guarantors named therein and the Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Host
Marriott, L.P. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 31, 1998). 

4.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 28, 2004, by and among Host Marriott, L.P., the Subsidiary Guarantors signatures thereto and The Bank of New York, as
successor to HSBC Bank USA (formerly, Marine Midland Bank), as trustee to the Amended and Restated Indenture, dated August 5, 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 of Host Marriott Corporation s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended September 10, 2004, filed on October 19, 2004). 

4.9 
 
 Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 16, 2004, by and among Host Marriott, L.P., the Subsidiary Guarantors signatories thereto, and The Bank of New York, as successor to HSBC
Bank USA (formerly, Marine Midland Bank), as trustee, to the Amended and Restated Indenture dated August 5, 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 of Host Marriott Corporation s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 26, 2004,
filed on May 3, 2004). 

4.10 
 
 Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 3, 2004, by and among Host Marriott, L.P., the Subsidiary Guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York as successor to HSBC Bank USA
(formerly, Marine Midland Bank), as trustee, to the Amended and Restated Indenture dated August 5, 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 of Host Marriott, L.P. s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (SEC File No. 333-121109) filed with
the Commission on December 9, 2004). 
 
 120 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

4.11 
 
 Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 10, 2005, by and among Host Marriott, L.P., the Guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York as successor to HSBC Bank USA (formerly, Marine
Midland Bank), as trustee, to the Amended and Restated Indenture dated August 5, 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.19 of Host Marriott, L.P. s Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 15, 2005). 

4.12 
 
 Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated April 4, 2006, by and among Host Marriott, L.P., the Subsidiary Guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York as successor to HSBC Bank USA
(formerly, Marine Midland Bank), as trustee, to the Amended and Restated Indenture dated August 5, 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.26 of Host Marriott Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 10,
2006). 

4.13 
 
 Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated November 2, 2006, by and among Host Hotels Resorts, L.P., the Subsidiary Guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York as successor to
HSBC Bank USA (formerly, Marine Midland Bank), as trustee, to the Amended and Restated Indenture dated August 5, 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.27 of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 7, 2006).

4.14 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 16, 2004, among Host Marriott Corporation, Host Marriott, L.P. and Goldman, Sachs Co. as representatives of the several Initial
Purchasers named therein related to the 3.25 Exchangeable debentures due 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 of Host Marriott Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (SEC File No. 333-117229) filed with the Commission on
July 8, 2004). 

4.15 
 
 Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated March 23, 2007, by and among Host Hotels Resorts, L.P., Host Hotels Resorts, Inc., the Subsidiary Guarantors named therein and The
Bank of New York as successor to HSBC Bank USA (formerly, Marine Midland Bank), as trustee, to the Amended and Restated Indenture dated August 5, 1998, including form of debenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Host Hotels 
Resorts, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 29, 2007). 

4.16 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 23, 2007, among Host Hotels Resorts, L.P., Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. and Goldman, Sachs Co. and Banc of America Securities LLC,
as representatives of the several Initial Purchasers named therein, related to the 2.625 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
on March 29, 2007). 

10.1 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended on December 31, 2006, filed on March 1, 2007). 

10.2 
 
 Distribution Agreement dated as of September 15, 1993 between Host Marriott Corporation and Marriott International, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Host Marriott Corporation Current Report
on Form 8-K dated October 25, 1993). 

10.3 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Distribution Agreement dated December 29, 1995 by and among Host Marriott Corporation, Host Marriott Services Corporation and Marriott International, Inc. (incorporated by
reference to Host Marriott Corporation Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 16, 1996). 

10.4 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Distribution Agreement dated June 21, 1997 by and among Host Marriott Corporation, Host Marriott Services Corporation and Marriott International, Inc. (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.8 of Host Marriott Corporation s Amendment No. 3 to its Registration Statement on Form S-4 (SEC File No. 333-64793) filed with the Commission on November 20, 1998). 
 
 121 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

10.5 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Distribution Agreement dated March 3, 1998 by and among Host Marriott Corporation, Host Marriott Services Corporation, Marriott International, Inc. and Sodexho Marriott
Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of Host Marriott Corporation s Amendment No. 3 to its Registration Statement on Form S-4 (SEC File No. 333-64793) filed with the Commission on
November 20, 1998). 

10.6 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to the Distribution Agreement by and among Host Marriott Corporation and Marriott International Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of Host Marriott
Corporation s Amendment No. 3 to its Registration Statement on Form S-4 (SEC File No. 333-64793) filed with the Commission on November 20, 1998). 

10.7 
 
 Amendment No. 5 to the Distribution Agreement, dated December 18, 1998, by and among Host Marriott Corporation, Host Marriott Services Corporation and Marriott International Inc. (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of Host Marriott Corporation s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998, filed on March 26, 1999). 

10.8 
 
 Amendment No. 6, dated as of January 10, 2001, to the Distribution Agreement dated as of September 15, 1993 between Host Marriott Corporation and Marriott International, Inc.
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of Host Marriott Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003, filed March 2, 2004). 

10.9 
 
 Amendment No. 7, dated as of December 29, 2001, to the Distribution Agreement dated as of December 15, 1993 between Host Marriott Corporation and Marriott International, Inc. (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.38 of Host Marriott Corporation s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 6, 2002, filed on October 21, 2002). 

10.10 
 
 Distribution Agreement dated December 22, 1995 by and between Host Marriott Corporation and Host Marriott Services Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Host Marriott
Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 16, 1996). 

10.11 
 
 Amendment to Distribution Agreement dated December 22, 1995 by and between Host Marriott Corporation and Host Marriott Services Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of Host
Marriott Corporation s Form Report on 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998, filed on March 26, 1999). 

10.12 
 
 Tax Sharing Agreement dated as of October 5, 1993 by and between Host Marriott Corporation and Marriott International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Host Marriott Corporation Current Report
on Form 8-K dated October 25, 1993). 

10.13 
 
 Tax Administration Agreement dated as of October 8, 1993 by and between Host Marriott Corporation and Marriott International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Host Marriott Corporation Current
Report on Form 8-K dated October 25, 1993). 

10.14 
 
 Restated Noncompetition Agreement dated March , 1998 by and among Host Marriott Corporation, Marriott International, Inc. and Sodexho Marriott Services, Inc.
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of Host Marriott Corporation s Amendment No. 3 to its Registration Statement on Form S-4 (SEC File No. 333-64793) filed with the Commission on November 20, 1998). 

10.15 
 
 First Amendment to Restated Noncompetition Agreement by and among Host Marriott Corporation, Marriott International, Inc. and Sodexho Marriott Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.18 of Host Marriott Corporation s Amendment No. 3 to its Registration Statement on Form S-4 (SEC File No. 333-64793) filed with the Commission on November 20, 1998). 

10.16 
 
 Employee Benefits and Other Employment Matters Allocation Agreement dated as of December 29, 1995 by and between Host Marriott Corporation and Host Marriott Services Corporation (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 99.4 of Host Marriott Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 16, 1996). 
 
 122 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

10.17 
 
 Tax Sharing Agreement dated as of December 29, 1995 by and between Host Marriott Corporation and Host Marriott Services Corporation (incorporated by reference to Host Marriott Corporation
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 16, 1996). 

10.18 
 
 Contribution Agreement dated as of April 16, 1998 among Host Marriott Corporation, Host Marriott, L.P. and the contributors named therein, together with Exhibit B (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.20 of Host Marriott Corporation Registration Statement No. 333-55807, on Form S-4, filed on September 30, 1998). 

10.19 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Contribution Agreement dated May 8, 1998 among Marriott Corporation, Host Marriott, L.P. and the contributors named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of
Host Marriott Corporation s Amendment No. 3 to its Registration Statement on Form S-4 (SEC File No. 333-55807) filed with the Commission on September 30, 1998). 

10.20 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Contribution Agreement dated May 18, 1998 among Host Marriott Corporation, Host Marriott, L.P. and the contributors named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22
of Host Marriott Corporation s Amendment No. 3 to its Registration Statement on Form S-4 (SEC File No. 333-55807) filed with the Commission on September 30, 1998). 

10.21 
 
 Employee Benefits and Other Employment Matters Allocation Agreement between Host Marriott Corporation, Host Marriott, L.P. and Crestline Capital Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.25 of Host Marriott Corporation s Amendment No. 2 to its Registration Statement on Form S-4 (SEC File No. 333-64793) filed with the Commission on November 10, 1998). 

10.22 
 
 Amendment to the Employee Benefits and Other Employment Matters Allocation Agreement effective as of December 29, 1998 by and between Host Marriott Corporation, Marriott International, Inc.,
Sodexho Marriott Services, Inc., Crestline Capital Corporation and Host Marriott, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of Host Marriott Corporation s Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998). 

10.23 
 
 Noncompetition Agreement among Host Marriott Corporation, Host Marriott, L.P. and Crestline Capital Corporation, dated December 28, 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of Host
Marriott Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31, 1998). 

10.24 
 
 First Amendment, dated as of December 28, 1998, to the Restated Noncompetition Agreement dated March 3, 1998 by and among Host Marriott Corporation, Marriott International, Inc. and Crestline
Capital Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of Host Marriott Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2003, filed March 2, 2004). 

10.25 
 
 Acquisition and Exchange Agreement dated November 13, 2000 by and among Host Marriott, L.P. and Crestline Capital Corporation and certain other parties named therein (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 99.2 of Host Marriott, L.P. s Form 8-K/A filed December 14, 2000). 

10.26 
 
 Host Marriott, L.P. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan as amended and restated effective January 1, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Host Marriott Corporation s Report
on Form 8-K filed January 6, 2005). 

10.27 
 
 Trust Agreement between T. Rowe Price Trust Company and Host Marriott, L.P., dated November 23, 2005, relating to the Host Marriott, L.P. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan.
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 of Host Marriott Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005, filed March 13, 2006.) 

10.28 
 
 Host Marriott Corporation and Host Marriott, L.P. 1997 Comprehensive Stock and Cash Incentive Plan, as amended and restated December 29, 1998, as amended January 2004 (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.7 of Host Marriott Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003, filed March 2, 2004). 
 
 123 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

10.29 
 
 Host Marriott, L.P. Retirement and Savings Plan effective January 1, 2004, as conformed through the Fourth Amendment. 

10.30 
 
 Host Marriott Corporation s Non-Employee Director s Deferred Stock Compensation Plan as amended and restated effective January 1, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
of Host Marriott Corporation s Report on Form 8-K filed January 6, 2005). 

10.31 
 
 Host Marriott Corporation s Severance Plan for Executives effective March 6, 2003, as amended as of May 20, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 of Host Marriott
Corporation s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 10, 2004, filed October 19, 2004). 

10.32 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for officers and directors of Host Marriott Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 of Host Marriott Corporation s Current Report on Form
8-K, filed December 7, 2004). 

10.33 
 
 Host Marriott Company Stock Appreciation Rights Issuance Agreement dated as of December 29, 1998, by and between Host Marriott Corporation and Richard E. Marriott, as amended October 12, 2005
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 of Host Marriott Corporation s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 9, 2005, filed October 17, 2005). 

10.34 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for the period 2006-2008 for use under the 1997 Host Marriott Corporation and Host Marriott, L.P. Comprehensive Stock and Cash Incentive Plan (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.46 of Host Marriott Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005, filed March 10, 2006). 

10.35 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for 2005 Shareholder Value Award under the 1997 Host Marriott Corporation and Host Marriott, L.P. Comprehensive Stock and Cash Incentive Plan (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.47 of Host Marriott Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005, filed March 10, 2006). 

10.36# 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of HHR EURO CV, dated as of December 8, 2006, by and among HST GP EURO B.V., HST LP EURO B.V., Stichting Pensioenfonds ABP and Jasmine
Hotels PTE Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, filed on march 1, 2007). 

10.37 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2007, among Host Hotels Resorts, L.P., Host Euro Business Trust, Certain Canadian Subsidiaries of Host Hotels 
Resorts, L.P., Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, Bank of America, N.A., Citicorp North America, Inc., Soci t G n rale, Calyon New York Branch, and Various Lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Host Hotels
 Resorts, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 1, 2007). 

10.38 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2007, among Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. and the other Pledgors named therein and Deutsche Bank AG New York
Branch, as Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 1, 2007). 

10.39 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Subsidiaries Guaranty, dated as of May 25, 2007, by the subsidiaries of Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. named as Guarantors therein (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.3 to Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 1, 2007). 

10.40 
 
 Amended and Restated Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. and Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, effective as of January 1, 2008. 

12 
 
 Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends. 

21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Host Hotel Resorts, Inc. 

23 
 
 Consent of KPMG LLP. 
 
 124 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Filed herewith. 

# 
 Confidential treatment requested. 

This certificate is being furnished solely to accompany the report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 
 125 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Bethesda, State of Maryland, on February 25, 2008. 

H OST H OTELS R ESORTS , I NC . 

By: 
 
 / S / L ARRY K. H ARVEY 

Larry K. Harvey Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been
signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/ S / R ICHARD E.
M ARRIOTT Richard E. Marriott 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 February 25, 2008 

/ S / W. E DWARD 
W ALTER W. Edward Walter 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 February 25, 2008 

/ S / L ARRY K.
H ARVEY Larry K. Harvey 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 February 25, 2008 

/ S / B RIAN G.
M ACNAMARA Brian G. Macnamara 
 
 Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 February 25, 2008 

/ S / R OBERT M.
B AYLIS Robert M. Baylis 
 
 Director 
 
 February 25, 2008 

/ S / T ERENCE C.
G OLDEN Terence C. Golden 
 
 Director 
 
 February 25, 2008 

/ S / A NN M C L AUGHLIN 
K OROLOGOS Ann McLaughlin Korologos 
 
 Director 
 
 February 25, 2008 

/ S / J UDITH A.
M C H ALE Judith A. McHale 
 
 Director 
 
 February 25, 2008 

/ S / J OHN B. M ORSE ,
J R . John B. Morse, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 February 25, 2008 
 
 126 

SCHEDULE III Page
 1
 of 6 HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION December 31, 2007 (in millions) 

Description(1) 
 
 Debt 
 
 Initial Costs 
 
 Subsequent Costs Capitalized 
 
 Gross Amount at December 31, 2007 
 
 Date of Completion of Construction 
 
 Date Acquired 
 
 Depreciation Life 

Land 
 
 Buildings Improvements 

Land 
 
 Buildings Improvements 
 
 Total 
 
 Accumulated Depreciation 

Hotels: 

The Ritz-Carlton, Amelia Island, Florida 

25 

115 

30 

26 

145 

171 

33 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 Four Seasons, Atlanta, Georgia 

5 

48 

18 

6 

65 

71 

16 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 Grand Hyatt, Atlanta, Georgia 

7 

88 

15 

8 

102 

110 

25 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 Atlanta Marquis, Georgia 

133 

13 

184 

79 

16 

259 

275 

58 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 Atlanta Midtown Suites, Georgia 

26 

4 

30 

30 

9 

1996 
 
 40 
 
 Westin Buckhead, Georgia 

5 

84 

19 

6 

102 

108 

25 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 Miami Biscayne Bay, Florida 

27 

6 

33 

33 

12 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 Boston Marriott Copley Place, Massachusetts 

203 

27 

229 

229 

37 

2002 
 
 40 
 
 Boston/Newton, Massachusetts 

3 

31 

16 

3 

47 

50 

35 

1997 
 
 40 
 
 Hyatt, Boston, Massachusetts 

15 

69 

27 

17 

94 

111 

22 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 Hyatt Regency, Burlingame, California 

16 

119 

33 

20 

148 

168 

35 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 Calgary, Canada 

37 

5 

18 

12 

5 

30 

35 

11 

1996 
 
 40 
 
 Hyatt Regency, Cambridge, Massachusetts 

18 

84 

14 

19 

97 

116 

24 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 Chicago/Downtown Courtyard, Illinois 

7 

27 

5 

7 

32 

39 

12 

1992 
 
 40 
 
 Chicago Embassy Suites, Illinois 

86 

87 

87 

8 

2004 
 
 40 
 
 Chicago O Hare, Illinois 

4 

26 

36 

4 

63 

67 

38 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 Chicago O Hare Suites, Illinois 

5 

36 

5 

5 

41 

46 

10 

1997 
 
 40 
 
 Swiss tel, Chicago, Illinois 

29 

132 

8 

30 

140 

170 

35 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 Coronado Island Resort, California 

53 

16 

68 

68 

17 

1997 
 
 40 
 
 Costa Mesa Suites, California 

3 

18 

4 

3 

23 

26 

7 

1996 
 
 40 
 
 Dallas Quorum, Texas 

14 

27 

17 

14 

44 

58 

15 

1994 
 
 40 
 
 Dayton, Ohio 

2 

30 

3 

2 

33 

35 

8 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 Hyatt DC Capitol Hill, Washington, D.C. 

40 

230 

1 

40 

231 

271 

13 

2006 
 
 40 
 
 The Ritz-Carlton, Dearborn, Michigan 

8 

51 

5 

8 

55 

63 

14 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 Denver Tech Center, Colorado 

6 

26 

22 

6 

48 

54 

15 

1994 
 
 40 
 
 Westin Tabor Center, Colorado 

43 

89 

1 

90 

90 

4 

2006 
 
 40 
 
 Desert Springs Resort and Spa, California 

83 

13 

143 

103 

14 

246 

260 

59 

1997 
 
 40 
 
 Gaithersburg/Washingtonian Center, Maryland 

7 

22 

3 

7 

25 

32 

9 

1993 
 
 40 
 
 S-1 

SCHEDULE III Page
 2
 of 6 HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION December 31, 2007 (in millions) 

Description(1) 
 
 Debt 
 
 Initial Costs 
 
 Subsequent Costs Capitalized 

Gross Amount at December 31, 2007 
 
 Date of Completion of Construction 
 
 Date Acquired 
 
 Depreciation Life 

Land 
 
 Buildings Improvements 

Land 
 
 Buildings Improvements 
 
 Total 
 
 Accumulated Depreciation 

Hanover, New Jersey 

5 
 
 30 
 
 19 

5 
 
 48 
 
 53 
 
 14 

1997 
 
 40 
 
 Harbor Beach Resort, Florida 
 
 134 

62 
 
 69 

131 
 
 131 
 
 40 

1997 
 
 40 
 
 Houston Airport, Texas 

10 
 
 14 

23 
 
 23 
 
 14 

1984 
 
 40 
 
 Houston Medical Center, Texas 

19 
 
 11 

30 
 
 30 
 
 10 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 Westin Indianapolis, Indiana 
 
 36 
 
 11 
 
 100 
 
 2 

12 
 
 101 
 
 113 
 
 4 

2006 
 
 40 
 
 JW Marriott Hotel at Lenox, Georgia 

16 
 
 21 
 
 16 

16 
 
 37 
 
 53 
 
 17 

1990 
 
 40 
 
 JW Marriott Houston, Texas 

4 
 
 26 
 
 16 

5 
 
 40 
 
 45 
 
 16 

1994 
 
 40 
 
 JWDC, Washington, D.C. 

26 
 
 105 
 
 29 

26 
 
 134 
 
 160 
 
 27 

2003 
 
 40 
 
 Kansas City Airport, Missouri 

8 
 
 21 

29 
 
 29 
 
 23 

1993 
 
 40 
 
 Westin Kierland, Arizona 
 
 134 
 
 100 
 
 280 
 
 1 

100 
 
 281 
 
 381 
 
 9 

2006 
 
 40 
 
 Fairmont Kea Lani, Hawaii 

55 
 
 294 
 
 7 

55 
 
 301 
 
 356 
 
 27 

2003 
 
 40 
 
 Key Bridge, Virginia 

38 
 
 21 

58 
 
 58 
 
 39 

1997 
 
 40 
 
 Manhattan Beach, California 

8 
 
 29 
 
 11 

48 
 
 48 
 
 16 

1997 
 
 40 
 
 Marina Beach, California 

13 
 
 22 

35 
 
 35 
 
 11 

1995 
 
 40 
 
 Maui Hyatt, Hawaii 

92 
 
 212 
 
 6 

92 
 
 218 
 
 310 
 
 24 

2003 
 
 40 
 
 Memphis, Tennessee 

16 
 
 32 

49 
 
 49 
 
 14 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 Mexico/Polanco, Mexico 
 
 4 
 
 11 
 
 35 
 
 4 

10 
 
 39 
 
 49 
 
 19 

1996 
 
 40 
 
 McDowell Mountains, Arizona 
 
 33 
 
 8 
 
 48 

8 
 
 48 
 
 56 
 
 4 

2004 
 
 40 
 
 Minneapolis City Center, Minnesota 

27 
 
 33 

60 
 
 60 
 
 30 

1986 
 
 40 
 
 Minneapolis Southwest, Minnesota 

5 
 
 24 
 
 (28) 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 New Orleans, Louisiana 

16 
 
 96 
 
 86 

16 
 
 183 
 
 199 
 
 51 

1996 
 
 40 
 
 New York Financial Center, New York 

19 
 
 79 
 
 19 

19 
 
 98 
 
 117 
 
 31 

1997 
 
 40 
 
 New York Marquis, New York 

552 
 
 118 

670 
 
 670 
 
 333 

1986 
 
 40 
 
 Newark Airport, New Jersey 

30 
 
 2 

32 
 
 32 
 
 9 

1984 
 
 40 
 
 Newport Beach, California 
 
 100 
 
 11 
 
 13 
 
 111 

11 
 
 124 
 
 135 
 
 47 

1975 
 
 40 
 
 Orlando Marriott World Center, Florida 
 
 209 
 
 18 
 
 157 
 
 280 

29 
 
 425 
 
 454 
 
 98 

1997 
 
 40 
 
 Pentagon City Residence Inn, Virginia 

6 
 
 29 
 
 5 

5 
 
 34 
 
 39 
 
 10 

1996 
 
 40 
 
 Philadelphia Airport, Pennsylvania 

42 
 
 4 

1 
 
 45 
 
 46 
 
 14 

1995 
 
 40 
 
 Philadelphia Convention Center, Pennsylvania 

3 
 
 144 
 
 25 

6 
 
 166 
 
 172 
 
 53 

1995 
 
 40 
 
 S-2 

SCHEDULE III Page
 3
 of 6 HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION December 31, 2007 (in millions) 

Description(1) 
 
 Debt 
 
 Initial Costs 
 
 Subsequent Costs Capitalized 
 
 Gross Amount at December 31, 2007 
 
 Date of Completion of Construction 
 
 Date Acquired 
 
 Depreciation Life 

Land 
 
 Buildings Improvements 

Land 
 
 Buildings Improvements 
 
 Total 
 
 Accumulated Depreciation 

Four Seasons, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 

26 
 
 60 
 
 17 
 
 27 
 
 76 
 
 103 
 
 19 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 Portland, Oregon 

6 
 
 40 
 
 18 
 
 5 
 
 58 
 
 63 
 
 18 

1994 
 
 40 
 
 Hyatt Regency, Reston, Virginia 

11 
 
 78 
 
 15 
 
 12 
 
 92 
 
 104 
 
 22 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 The Ritz-Carlton, Phoenix, Arizona 

10 
 
 63 
 
 4 
 
 10 
 
 67 
 
 77 
 
 18 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 The Ritz-Carlton, Tysons Corner, Virginia 

89 
 
 11 

100 
 
 100 
 
 26 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco, California 

31 
 
 123 
 
 18 
 
 31 
 
 141 
 
 172 
 
 34 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 San Antonio Rivercenter, Texas 

86 
 
 49 

136 
 
 136 
 
 39 

1996 
 
 40 
 
 San Antonio Riverwalk, Texas 

45 
 
 10 

55 
 
 55 
 
 17 

1995 
 
 40 
 
 San Diego Hotel and Marina, California 
 
 178 

203 
 
 109 

312 
 
 312 
 
 95 

1996 
 
 40 
 
 San Diego Mission Valley, California 

4 
 
 22 
 
 8 
 
 4 
 
 31 
 
 35 
 
 9 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 San Francisco Airport, California 

11 
 
 48 
 
 31 
 
 12 
 
 77 
 
 89 
 
 26 

1994 
 
 40 
 
 San Francisco Fisherman s Wharf, California 

6 
 
 20 
 
 9 
 
 6 
 
 30 
 
 36 
 
 14 

1994 
 
 40 
 
 San Francisco Moscone Center, California 

278 
 
 50 

328 
 
 328 
 
 134 

1989 
 
 40 
 
 San Ramon, California 

22 
 
 16 

38 
 
 38 
 
 10 

1996 
 
 40 
 
 Santa Clara, California 

39 
 
 8 

47 
 
 47 
 
 19 

1989 
 
 40 
 
 Seattle SeaTac Airport, Washington 

3 
 
 41 
 
 14 
 
 3 
 
 56 
 
 59 
 
 19 

1998 
 
 40 
 
 Tampa Waterside, Florida 

98 
 
 11 
 
 88 
 
 99 
 
 18 
 
 2000 

40 
 
 The Ritz-Carlton, Buckhead, Georgia 

14 
 
 80 
 
 31 
 
 16 
 
 110 
 
 126 
 
 34 

1996 
 
 40 
 
 The Ritz-Carlton, Marina del Rey, California 

52 
 
 20 

72 
 
 72 
 
 22 

1997 
 
 40 
 
 The Ritz-Carlton, Naples, Florida 
 
 200 
 
 19 
 
 126 
 
 77 
 
 21 
 
 202 
 
 223 
 
 67 

1996 
 
 40 
 
 The Ritz-Carlton, Naples Golf Lodge, Florida 

6 

65 
 
 6 
 
 64 
 
 70 
 
 10 
 
 2002 

40 
 
 Toronto Airport, Canada 
 
 26 
 
 5 
 
 24 
 
 7 
 
 5 
 
 31 
 
 36 
 
 10 

1996 
 
 40 
 
 Toronto Eaton Center, Canada 
 
 39 

27 
 
 6 

34 
 
 34 
 
 10 

1995 
 
 40 
 
 Toronto Delta Meadowvale, Canada 
 
 34 
 
 4 
 
 20 
 
 12 
 
 4 
 
 32 
 
 36 
 
 14 

1996 
 
 40 
 
 Dulles Airport, Washington, D.C. 

3 
 
 30 

33 
 
 33 
 
 26 

1970 
 
 40 
 
 Washington Dulles Suites, Washington, D.C. 

3 
 
 24 
 
 4 
 
 3 
 
 28 
 
 31 
 
 9 

1996 
 
 40 
 
 Washington Metro Center, Washington D.C. 

20 
 
 24 
 
 8 
 
 20 
 
 32 
 
 52 
 
 12 

1994 
 
 40 
 
 Westfields, Virginia 

7 
 
 32 
 
 7 
 
 7 
 
 38 
 
 45 
 
 14 

1994 
 
 40 
 
 Sheraton Boston, Massachusetts 

42 
 
 262 
 
 3 
 
 42 
 
 265 
 
 307 
 
 11 

2006 
 
 40 
 
 Sheraton, Indianapolis, Indiana 

3 
 
 51 

3 
 
 51 
 
 54 
 
 2 

2006 
 
 40 
 
 S-3 

SCHEDULE III Page
 4
 of 6 HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION December 31, 2007 (in millions) 

Description(1) 
 
 Debt 
 
 Initial Costs 
 
 Subsequent Costs Capitalized 
 
 Gross Amount at December 31, 2007 
 
 Date of Completion of Construction 
 
 Date Acquired 
 
 Depreciation Life 

Land 
 
 Buildings Improvements 

Land 
 
 Buildings Improvements 
 
 Total 
 
 Accumulated Depreciation 

Sheraton New York Hotel Towers, New York 

346 

409 

16 

346 

425 

771 

20 

2006 
 
 40 
 
 Sheraton, Parsippany, New Jersey 

8 

30 

1 

8 

31 

39 

1 

2006 
 
 40 
 
 Sheraton Santiago Hotel Convention Center, Chile 

19 

11 

2 

20 

12 

32 

1 

2006 
 
 40 
 
 Sheraton Stamford Hotel, Connecticut 

6 

20 

1 

6 

22 

28 

1 

2006 
 
 40 
 
 St. Regis Hotel, Houston, Texas 

6 

33 

1 

6 

34 

40 

1 

2006 
 
 40 
 
 W New York, New York 

138 

102 

1 

138 

102 

240 

4 

2006 
 
 40 
 
 W Seattle, Washington 

11 

125 

11 

125 

136 

5 

2006 
 
 40 
 
 Westin Grand, Washington, D.C. 

16 

80 

1 

16 

80 

96 

3 

2006 
 
 40 
 
 Westin Los Angeles Airport, California 

102 

1 

103 

103 

4 

2006 
 
 40 
 
 Westin Mission Hills Resort, California 

38 

49 

1 

38 

50 

88 

2 

2006 
 
 40 
 
 Westin Seattle, Washington 

39 

175 

1 

39 

176 

215 

7 

2006 
 
 40 
 
 Westin South Coast Plaza, California 

46 

6 

52 

52 

4 

2006 
 
 40 
 
 Westin Waltham Boston, Massachusetts 

9 

59 

1 

9 

60 

69 

3 

2006 
 
 40 
 
 Sheraton San Diego Marina, California 

328 

328 

328 

14 

2006 
 
 40 

Sub total: 

1,423 

1,531 

8,182 

2,273 

1,567 

10,418 

11,985 

2,458 

Sub total other hotels less than 5 of total: 

34 

297 

203 

54 

481 

535 

187 

various 
 
 40 

Total hotels: 

1,423 

1,565 

8,479 

2,476 

1,621 

10,899 

12,520 

2,645 

Other properties, each less than 5 of total 

5 

3 

8 

8 

6 

various 
 
 40 

Total properties 

1,423 

1,565 

8,484 

2,479 

1,621 

10,907 

12,528 

2,651 

Held for sale properties 

TOTAL 

1,423 

1,565 

8,484 

2,479 

1,621 

10,907 

12,528 

2,651 

(1) 
 Each hotel is operated as a Marriott-brand hotel unless otherwise indicated by its name. 
 
 S-4 

SCHEDULE III Page 5 of 6 HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION December 31, 2007 (in millions) Notes: 

(A) 
 The change in total cost of properties for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 is as follows: 

Balance at December 31, 2004 

8,748 

Additions: 

Acquisitions 

276 

Capital expenditures and transfers from construction-in-progress 

146 

Deductions: 

Dispositions and other 

(70) 
 
 Assets held for sale 

(73) 

Balance at December 31, 2005 

9,027 

Additions: 

Acquisitions 

3,415 

Capital expenditures and transfers from construction-in-progress 

378 

Deductions: 

Dispositions and other 

(403) 
 
 Assets held for sale 

(100) 

Balance at December 31, 2006 

12,317 

Additions: 

Acquisitions 

15 

Capital expenditures and transfers from construction-in-progress 

411 

Deductions: 

Dispositions and other 

(215) 
 
 Assets held for sale 

Balance at December 31, 2007 

12,528 

S-5 

SCHEDULE III Page 6 of 6 HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION December 31, 2007 (in millions) 

(B) 
 The change in accumulated depreciation and amortization of real estate assets for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 is as follows:

Balance at December 31, 2004 

1,870 

Depreciation and amortization 

270 

Dispositions and other 

(19) 
 
 Depreciation on assets held for sale 

(18) 

Balance at December 31, 2005 

2,103 

Depreciation and amortization 

334 

Dispositions and other 

(66) 
 
 Depreciation on assets held for sale 

(8) 

Balance at December 31, 2006 

2,363 

Depreciation and amortization 

378 

Dispositions and other 

(90) 
 
 Depreciation on assets held for sale 

Balance at December 31, 2007 

2,651 

(C) 
 The aggregate cost of real estate for federal income tax purposes is approximately 9,646 million at December 31, 2007. 

(D) 
 The total cost of properties excludes construction-in-progress properties. 
 S-6 

<EX-10.29>
 2
 dex1029.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.29

EXHIBIT 10.29 

Exhibit 10.29 

 HOST HOTELS RESORTS, L.P. RETIREMENT AND SAVINGS PLAN (Amended and Restated) Effective January 1, 2004, Conformed Through the May 17, 2007 Amendment 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, L.P. RETIREMENT AND SAVINGS PLAN PREAMBLE WHEREAS, Host Marriott, L.P. as entered into the Employee Benefits and Other Employment Matters Allocation Agreement between Host Marriott Corporation,
Host Marriott, L.P. and Crestline Capital Corporation (the Agreement in connection with the distribution of outstanding common shares of the Company (the Distribution WHEREAS, pursuant to the Agreement, Host Marriott, L.P. assumed sponsorship of the Host Marriott Corporation Retirement and Savings Plan (the
 Plan WHEREAS, Host Marriott, L.P. amended and restated the Plan, effective as of January 31, 2002, to reflect certain
provisions of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001; NOW, THEREFORE, Host Marriott, L.P. hereby amends and
restates the Host Marriott Corporation Retirement and Savings Plan to reflect certain additional changes in the tax laws. This amendment is intended as good faith compliance with the requirements of the Code and ERISA and is to be construed in
accordance with the Code and ERISA and guidance issued thereunder. Except as otherwise provided, this amendment shall be effective as of January 1, 2004. This amendment shall supersede the provisions of the Plan to the extent those provisions are inconsistent with the provisions of its various amendments. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS 
 
 1 

1.1 
 
 Account 
 
 1 
 
 1.2 
 
 Actual Contribution Percentage 
 
 1 
 
 1.3 
 
 Actual Deferral Percentage 
 
 1 
 
 1.4 
 
 Additional After-tax Savings 
 
 1 
 
 1.5 
 
 Additions 
 
 1 
 
 1.6 
 
 Administrative Expenses 
 
 1 
 
 1.7 
 
 Affiliated Company 
 
 1 
 
 1.8 
 
 After-tax Savings 
 
 1 
 
 1.9 
 
 After-tax Savings Account 
 
 1 
 
 1.10 
 
 Allocable Portion 
 
 1 
 
 1.11 
 
 Allocation Agreement 
 
 2 
 
 1.12 
 
 Alternate Payee 
 
 2 
 
 1.13 
 
 Annuity Starting Date 
 
 2 
 
 1.14 
 
 Authorized Leave of Absence 
 
 2 
 
 1.15 
 
 Basic After-tax Savings 
 
 2 
 
 1.16 
 
 Beneficiary 
 
 2 
 
 1.17 
 
 Board of Directors 
 
 2 
 
 1.18 
 
 Code 
 
 2 
 
 1.19 
 
 Combined Basic Savings 
 
 2 
 
 1.20 
 
 Committee 
 
 2 
 
 1.21 
 
 Company 
 
 2 
 
 1.22 
 
 Company Contribution Account 
 
 2 
 
 1.23 
 
 Compensation 
 
 3 
 
 1.24 
 
 Default 
 
 3 
 
 1.25 
 
 Distributee 
 
 3 
 
 1.26 
 
 Effective Date 
 
 4 
 
 1.27 
 
 Eligible Rollover Distribution 
 
 4 
 
 1.28 
 
 Eligible Retirement Plan 
 
 4 
 
 1.29 
 
 Employee 
 
 4 
 
 1.30 
 
 Entry Date 
 
 5 
 
 1.31 
 
 ERISA 
 
 5 
 
 1.32 
 
 Fiduciary 
 
 5 
 
 1.33 
 
 Fiscal Year 
 
 5 
 
 1.34 
 
 Flexible Compensation 
 
 5 
 
 1.35 
 
 FLSA 
 
 5 
 
 1.36 
 
 Fund 
 
 5 
 
 1.37 
 
 Hardship 
 
 5 
 
 1.38 
 
 Highly Compensated Employee 
 
 6 
 
 1.39 
 
 Hire Date 
 
 6 
 
 1.40 
 
 Host Marriott L.P. 
 
 6 
 
 1.41 
 
 Investment Expenses 
 
 6 
 
 i 

1.42 
 
 Maximum Permissible Amounts 
 
 6 
 
 1.43 
 
 Month 
 
 7 
 
 1.44 
 
 Month of Credit 
 
 7 
 
 1.45 
 
 Named Fiduciary 
 
 7 
 
 1.46 
 
 Participant 
 
 7 

(a) Former Participant 
 
 7 

(b) Terminated Participant 
 
 7 

(c) Retired Participant 
 
 7 

(d) Disabled Participant 
 
 7 

(e) Deceased Participant 
 
 7 
 
 1.47 
 
 Participating Company 
 
 7 
 
 1.48 
 
 Permanent Disability 
 
 7 
 
 1.49 
 
 Period of Severance 
 
 7 
 
 1.50 
 
 Plan 
 
 8 
 
 1.51 
 
 Plan Administrator 
 
 8 
 
 1.52 
 
 Plan Year 
 
 8 
 
 1.53 
 
 Predecessor Company 
 
 8 
 
 1.54 
 
 Prior Plan 
 
 8 
 
 1.55 
 
 Pro Rata Share of Administrative Expenses 
 
 8 
 
 1.56 
 
 Qualified Domestic Relations Order 
 
 8 
 
 1.57 
 
 Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity 
 
 8 
 
 1.58 
 
 Qualifying Employer Real Property 
 
 8 
 
 1.59 
 
 Qualifying Employer Securities 
 
 8 
 
 1.60 
 
 Reemployment Date 
 
 8 
 
 1.61 
 
 Required Beginning Date 
 
 9 
 
 1.62 
 
 Section 401(k) Contribution 
 
 9 
 
 1.63 
 
 Section 401(k) Contribution Account 
 
 9 
 
 1.64 
 
 Separation Date 
 
 9 
 
 1.65 
 
 Service 
 
 9 
 
 1.66 
 
 Spousal Consent 
 
 10 
 
 1.67 
 
 Spouse or Surviving Spouse 
 
 10 
 
 1.68 
 
 Subaccount 
 
 10 
 
 1.69 
 
 Subsidiary or Affiliated Company 
 
 10 
 
 1.70 
 
 Trustees 
 
 11 
 
 1.71 
 
 Trust Agreement 
 
 11 
 
 1.72 
 
 Trust Fund 
 
 11 
 
 1.73 
 
 Valuation Date 
 
 11 

ARTICLE II. ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 
 
 12 

2.1 
 
 Eligibility and Participation. 
 
 12 
 
 2.2 
 
 Reemployment of Employee. 
 
 12 
 
 2.3 
 
 Termination of Plan Participation. 
 
 12 
 
 2.4 
 
 Readmission of Former Participant. 
 
 12 
 
 2.5 
 
 Participation During Authorized Leave of Absence or During Employment by Subsidiary That Has Not Joined Plan. 
 
 13 
 
 2.6 
 
 Treatment of Participants Who Cease Being Employees Pursuant to Section 1.29. 
 
 13 
 
 ii 

ARTICLE III. COMPANY CONTRIBUTION 
 
 14 

3.1 
 
 Amount of Contribution. 
 
 14 
 
 3.2 
 
 Time of Payment of Contributions. 
 
 14 
 
 3.3 
 
 Form of Payment of Contributions. 
 
 14 
 
 3.4 
 
 Return of Contributions to Company. 
 
 15 

ARTICLE IV. PARTICIPANTS AFTER-TAX SAVINGS 
 
 16 

4.1 
 
 Participant After-tax Savings. 
 
 16 
 
 4.2 
 
 Amount of After-tax Savings. 
 
 16 
 
 4.3 
 
 Payroll Deduction. 
 
 16 
 
 4.4 
 
 Change in Rate of After-tax Savings. 
 
 16 
 
 4.5 
 
 Payment to Trustees. 
 
 16 
 
 4.6 
 
 Investment of Participants After-tax Savings. 
 
 16 
 
 4.7 
 
 In-Service Withdrawal of After-tax Savings. 
 
 16 
 
 4.8 
 
 Effect of Termination of Plan or Discontinuance of After-tax Contributions. 
 
 16 

ARTICLE V. SECTION 401(k) CONTRIBUTIONS 
 
 17 

5.1 
 
 Designation of Flexible Compensation. 
 
 17 
 
 5.2 
 
 Section 401(k) Contributions. 
 
 17 
 
 5.3 
 
 Election Rules. 
 
 17 

(a) Method of Election. 
 
 17 

(b) Effective Date of Election. 
 
 17 

(c) Revocation or Amendment. 
 
 17 
 
 5.4 
 
 Compensation Reduction. 
 
 17 
 
 5.5 
 
 Limitations on Section 401(k) Contributions. 
 
 18 
 
 5.6 
 
 Actual Deferral Percentage Tests. 
 
 18 
 
 5.7 
 
 Recharacterization of Certain Section 401(k) Contributions. 
 
 18 
 
 5.8 
 
 Coordination of After-tax Savings and Section 401(k) Contributions. 
 
 18 
 
 5.9 
 
 Payment to Trustees. 
 
 19 
 
 5.10 
 
 Distribution of Section 401(k) Contributions. 
 
 19 

(a) Restrictions on Distributions. 
 
 19 

(b) In-Service Withdrawal of Section 401(k) Contributions. 
 
 19 
 
 5.11 
 
 Effect of Termination of Plan or Discontinuance of Section 401(k) Contributions. 
 
 19 
 
 5.12 
 
 Catch-up Contributions. 
 
 19 
 
 5.13 
 
 Contribution Limitation. 
 
 20 

ARTICLE VI. ALLOCATION OF CONTRIBUTIONS AND NET INCOME AMONG PARTICIPANTS 
 
 21 

6.1 
 
 Maintenance of Separate Accounts. 
 
 21 
 
 6.2 
 
 Allocation to After-tax Savings Accounts. 
 
 21 
 
 6.3 
 
 Allocation of 401(k) Contribution. 
 
 21 
 
 6.4 
 
 Allocation of Company Contribution. 
 
 21 
 
 6.5 
 
 (a) Limitation on After-tax Savings and Company Contributions. 
 
 22 
 
 iii 

(b) (A#4, effective January 1, 2002) 
 
 22 
 
 6.6 
 
 Correcting Excess Aggregate Contributions. 
 
 22 
 
 6.7 
 
 Special Provision for Allocating Company Contributions. 
 
 23 
 
 6.8 
 
 Allocation of Net Income. 
 
 23 
 
 6.9 
 
 Use of Forfeitures. 
 
 23 
 
 6.10 
 
 Use of Unclaimed Benefits. 
 
 23 

(a) Method of Allocation. 
 
 23 

(b) Reduction in Forfeitures. 
 
 23 
 
 6.11 
 
 Allocation Limitations. 
 
 23 

(a) Maximum Additions. 
 
 23 

(b) Correction of Excess. 
 
 24 

(c) Further Limitations on Additions. 
 
 24 
 
 6.12 
 
 Transfers From Other Qualified Plans. 
 
 24 

(a) Manner of Rollover or Direct Transfer. 
 
 24 

(b) Governing Provisions. 
 
 24 

ARTICLE VII. VESTING 
 
 25 

7.1 
 
 Vesting of After-tax Savings Account. 
 
 25 
 
 7.2 
 
 Vesting of Section 401(k) Contribution Account. 
 
 25 
 
 7.3 
 
 Vesting of Company Contribution Account. 
 
 25 

(a) Vesting Schedule. 
 
 25 

(b) Service to be Credited Upon Resumption of Employment. 
 
 25 

(c) Definition of Service . 
 
 25 

(d) Automatic 100 Vesting. 
 
 26 

ARTICLE VIII. TERMINATION AND DISTRIBUTION UPON RETIREMENT DEATH OR DISABILITY 
 
 27 

8.1 
 
 Retirement. 
 
 27 
 
 8.2 
 
 Death. 
 
 27 
 
 8.3 
 
 Disability. 
 
 27 
 
 8.4 
 
 Valuation of Account Balance. 
 
 27 
 
 8.5 
 
 Available Payment Options. 
 
 27 
 
 8.6 
 
 Spousal Consent Rules. 
 
 28 

(a) Revocation of an Annuity. 
 
 28 

(b) Waiver of Life Annuity or Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity. 
 
 28 

(c) Written Explanation. 
 
 29 

(d) Result of Effective Waiver. 
 
 29 

(e) Spousal Consent. 
 
 29 
 
 8.7 
 
 Distributions Upon Married Participant s Death. 
 
 29 
 
 8.8 
 
 General Distribution Requirements. 
 
 30 

(a) Distributions to Participants. 
 
 30 

(b) Distributions to Beneficiary. 
 
 30 

(c) Commencement of Distribution. 
 
 31 
 
 8.9 
 
 Form of Payment. 
 
 31 
 
 8.10 
 
 Mandatory Cash-Out of Small Accounts. 
 
 31 
 
 iv 

8.11 
 
 Account Balance. 
 
 32 
 
 8.12 
 
 Special Rule for Rollovers Out of the Plan. 
 
 32 

ARTICLE IX. TERMINATION AND DISTRIBUTION UPON TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT OTHER THAN FOR RETIREMENT DEATH OR DISABILITY 
 
 33 

9.1 
 
 Terminated Participant. 
 
 33 
 
 9.2 
 
 Distribution of After-tax Savings and Section 401(k) Contributions. 
 
 33 
 
 9.3 
 
 Distribution of Vested Company Contribution Account. 
 
 33 
 
 9.4 
 
 Mandatory Cash-Out of Small Accounts. 
 
 33 
 
 9.5 
 
 Unvested Company Contributions. 
 
 34 

(a) Forfeiture. 
 
 34 

(b) Restoration of Forfeiture. 
 
 34 

(c) Distribution Prior to Reemployment. 
 
 34 
 
 9.6 
 
 Account Balance. 
 
 34 
 
 9.7 
 
 Special Rule for Rollovers Out of the Plan. 
 
 34 

ARTICLE X. DISTRIBUTION DURING CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT 
 
 35 

10.1 
 
 Withdrawal of After-tax Savings. 
 
 35 

(a) Withdrawal of Additional After-tax Savings. 
 
 35 

(b) Withdrawal of Basic After-tax Savings. 
 
 35 

(c) Valuation of After-tax Savings Account. 
 
 35 

(d) Form of Payment. 
 
 35 

(e) Taxation of Withdrawal. 
 
 35 
 
 10.2 
 
 Withdrawal of Section 401(k) Contribution. 
 
 35 
 
 10.3 
 
 Withdrawal of Vested Company Contribution Account. 
 
 35 
 
 10.4 
 
 Readmission of Former Participant to Plan. 
 
 35 
 
 10.5 
 
 Distributions Upon Attainment of Age 59- 1 / 2 . 
 
 35 
 
 10.6 
 
 Account Balance. 
 
 36 
 
 10.7 
 
 Hardship Withdrawals. 
 
 36 

(a) Terms of Hardship Withdrawals. 
 
 36 

(b) Restrictions. 
 
 36 

(c) Committee Guidelines and Determination. 
 
 36 
 
 10.8 
 
 Special Rule for Rollovers Out of the Plan. 
 
 36 

ARTICLE XI. LOANS TO PARTICIPANTS 
 
 38 

11.1 
 
 General Provisions. 
 
 38 
 
 11.2 
 
 Maximum Loan Amount. 
 
 38 
 
 11.3 
 
 Minimum Loan Amount. 
 
 38 
 
 11.4 
 
 Repayment Period. 
 
 38 
 
 11.5 
 
 Terms and Conditions. 
 
 38 
 
 11.6 
 
 Nondiscrimination. 
 
 39 
 
 11.7 
 
 Offset of Account Balance. 
 
 39 
 
 11.8 
 
 Default. 
 
 39 
 
 v 

ARTICLE XII. BENEFICIARIES 
 
 41 

12.1 
 
 Designation of Beneficiary. 
 
 41 
 
 12.2 
 
 Manner of Designation. 
 
 41 
 
 12.3 
 
 Absence of Valid Designation of Beneficiary. 
 
 41 
 
 12.4 
 
 Beneficiary Bound by Plan Provisions. 
 
 41 

ARTICLE XIII. QUALIFIED DOMESTIC RELATIONS ORDERS 
 
 42 

13.1 
 
 Governing Provisions. 
 
 42 

ARTICLE XIV. PARTICIPANT S DIRECTED INVESTMENTS 
 
 43 

14.1 
 
 Election by Participants. 
 
 43 
 
 14.2 
 
 Election Rules. 
 
 43 

(a) Election to be in Writing. 
 
 43 

(b) Effective Date of Election. 
 
 43 

(c) Revocation of Election. 
 
 43 

(d) Change in Election. 
 
 43 

(e) Default Election. 
 
 43 
 
 14.3 
 
 Transfer Date. 
 
 43 
 
 14.4 
 
 Confirmation. 
 
 44 
 
 14.5 
 
 Subdivision of Accounts. 
 
 44 

(a) Establishment of Subaccounts. 
 
 44 

(b) Allocation of After-tax Savings, Section 401(k) Contributions, Company Contributions and Forfeitures Among
Subaccounts. 
 
 44 
 
 14.6 
 
 Investment Funds. 
 
 44 

(a) Committee s Responsibility for Funds. 
 
 44 

(b) Investment Policy of Funds. 
 
 44 

(c) Funds. 
 
 45 
 
 14.7 
 
 Voting Rights. 
 
 45 
 
 14.8 
 
 Allocation of Income of Funds. 
 
 45 
 
 14.9 
 
 Investment Authority of Former Employees. 
 
 45 
 
 14.10 
 
 Investment for the Benefit of Incompetents. 
 
 45 
 
 14.11 
 
 Rules of Committee. 
 
 46 

ARTICLE XV. PLAN FIDUCIARIES 
 
 47 

15.1 
 
 Plan Fiduciaries. 
 
 47 

(a) Named Fiduciary. 
 
 47 

(b) Committee. 
 
 47 

(c) Trustees. 
 
 47 
 
 15.2 
 
 Fiduciary Duty. 
 
 47 
 
 15.3 
 
 Agents and Advisors. 
 
 47 

(a) Employment of Agents. 
 
 47 

(b) Delegation to Agents and Plan Administrator. 
 
 48 

(c) Appointment of Investment Manager. 
 
 48 
 
 vi 

15.4 
 
 Administrative Action. 
 
 48 

(a) Action by Majority. 
 
 48 

(b) Right to Vote. 
 
 48 

(c) Authority to Execute Documents. 
 
 48 
 
 15.5 
 
 Liabilities and Indemnifications. 
 
 48 

(a) Liability of Fiduciaries. 
 
 48 

(b) Indemnity by Company. 
 
 49 
 
 15.6 
 
 Plan Expenses and Taxes. 
 
 49 

(a) Plan Expenses. 
 
 49 

(b) Taxes. 
 
 49 
 
 15.7 
 
 Records and Financial Reporting. 
 
 49 

(a) Book of Account. 
 
 49 

(b) Financial Reporting Under ERISA. 
 
 49 
 
 15.8 
 
 Compliance with ERISA and Code. 
 
 50 
 
 15.9 
 
 Prohibited Transactions. 
 
 50 
 
 15.10 
 
 Foreign Assets. 
 
 50 
 
 15.11 
 
 Exclusive Benefit of Trust Fund. 
 
 50 
 
 15.12 
 
 Board of Directors Resolution. 
 
 50 

ARTICLE XVI. PLAN ADMINISTRATION 
 
 51 

16.1 
 
 Administration of the Plan. 
 
 51 

(a) Authority to Administer. 
 
 51 

(b) Delegation of Authority to Plan Administrator. 
 
 51 

(c) Finality of Decision. 
 
 51 
 
 16.2 
 
 Claims. 
 
 51 

(a) Claims for Benefits. 
 
 51 

(b) Notice of Claim Denied. 
 
 51 

ARTICLE XVII. PARTICIPATING COMPANY WITHDRAWAL FROM PLAN; TERMINATION OR MERGER OF THE PLAN 
 
 52 

17.1 
 
 Voluntary Withdrawal from Plan. 
 
 52 

(a) Withdrawal By Participating Company. 
 
 52 

(b) Segregation of Trust Assets Upon Withdrawal. 
 
 52 

(c) Exclusive Benefit of Participants. 
 
 52 

(d) Applicability of Withdrawal Provisions. 
 
 52 
 
 17.2 
 
 Amendment of Plan. 
 
 52 
 
 17.3 
 
 Voluntary Termination of Plan. 
 
 53 

(a) Right to Terminate Plan. 
 
 53 

(b) Merger or Consolidation of Plan and Trust. 
 
 53 

(c) Termination of Plan and Trust Fund. 
 
 53 
 
 17.4 
 
 Discontinuance of Contributions. 
 
 54 
 
 17.5 
 
 Rights to Benefits Upon Termination of Plan or Complete Discontinuance of Contributions. 
 
 54 
 
 vii 

ARTICLE XVIII. ELECTION TO PARTICIPATE BY SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 55 

18.1 
 
 Consent Required for Subsidiaries to Join Plan. 
 
 55 

ARTICLE XIX. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
 
 56 

19.1 
 
 Status of Employment. 
 
 56 
 
 19.2 
 
 Liability of Company. 
 
 56 
 
 19.3 
 
 Information. 
 
 56 

(a) Supplied by Named Fiduciary, the Committee or Trustees. 
 
 56 

(b) Supplied by Company. 
 
 56 
 
 19.4 
 
 Provisions of Plan to Control. 
 
 56 
 
 19.5 
 
 Payment for Benefit of Incompetent. 
 
 56 
 
 19.6 
 
 Account to be Charged Upon Payment. 
 
 56 
 
 19.7 
 
 Tax Qualification of Plan. 
 
 57 
 
 19.8 
 
 Deductibility of Company Contributions. 
 
 57 
 
 19.9 
 
 Restriction on Alienation or Assignment. 
 
 57 
 
 19.10 
 
 Unclaimed Benefits. 
 
 57 
 
 19.11 
 
 Recovery of Plan Benefits Payment Made by Mistake. 
 
 57 
 
 19.12 
 
 Bonding. 
 
 57 
 
 19.13 
 
 Titles and Captions. 
 
 58 
 
 19.14 
 
 Execution of Counterparts. 
 
 58 
 
 19.15 
 
 Governing Law. 
 
 58 
 
 19.16 
 
 Separability. 
 
 58 
 
 19.17 
 
 Supplements and Appendices. 
 
 58 
 
 19.18 
 
 Military Service. 
 
 58 
 
 19.19 
 
 Employer Securities. 
 
 58 

ARTICLE XX. TOP HEAVY PROVISIONS 
 
 59 

20.1 
 
 Determination of Top Heavy Status. 
 
 59 
 
 20.2 
 
 Definitions. 
 
 59 

(a) Aggregation Group 
 
 59 

(b) Determination Date 
 
 59 

(c) Section 401 Plan 
 
 59 

(d) Top Heavy Group 
 
 59 

(e) Valuation Date 
 
 59 
 
 20.3 
 
 Requirements if Plan is a Top Heavy Plan. 
 
 59 
 
 20.4 
 
 Applicability of Top-Heavy Rules. 
 
 60 
 
 viii 

ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS When used in this instrument, the following words and phrases have the indicated
meanings except where the contrary is expressly stated: 1.1 Account shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.1. 1.2 Actual Contribution Percentage (A#4, effective January 1, 2006) means, for a
given Plan Year, the average of the ratios, calculated separately for each Participant in a group and in accordance with applicable Treasury regulations, of (a) the sum of After-tax Savings credited to the Participant s After-tax Savings
Account and Company contributions and forfeitures allocable to the Participant s Company Contribution Account for the Plan Year to (b) the Participant s Compensation for such Plan Year. 1.3 Actual Deferral Percentage (A#4, effective January 1, 2006) means, for a given Plan Year, the average of the
ratios, calculated separately for each Participant in a group and in accordance with applicable Treasury regulations, of (a) the Section 401(k) Contributions made on behalf of such Participant by the Company for the Plan Year to
(b) the Participant s Compensation for such Plan Year. 1.4 Additional After-tax Savings means After-tax
Savings not included in Combined Basic Savings for a payroll period. 1.5 Additions means, with respect to each
Participant for any Fiscal Year, the total of (a) the Company contributions and forfeitures allocated for the Fiscal Year to the Participant s Company Contribution Account, plus (b) Section 401(k) Contributions allocated for the
Fiscal Year to the Participant s Section 401(k) Contributions Account, plus (c) the After-tax Savings allocated for the Fiscal Year to the Participant s After-tax Savings Account. 1.6 Administrative Expenses means the administrative expenses described in Section 15.6(a). 1.7 Affiliated Company means a Subsidiary , as defined in Section 1.69. 1.8 After-tax Savings means the After-tax savings deposited into the Trust Fund by a Participant in accordance with Article IV.
 1.9 After-tax Savings Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(a). 1.10 Allocable Portion means, for purposes of Section 11.2, the lesser of: (a) fifty percent (50 of the
Participant s vested Account balance; or (b) 50,000, reduced by the excess of (1) the highest outstanding balance of any previous loan from the Plan and any other plans of the Company or a Subsidiary during the one-year period ending
on the day before the date on which the current loan is made over (2) the outstanding balance of any previous loan from the Plan and any other plans of the Company or a Subsidiary on the date on which the current loan is made. 
 1 

1.11 Allocation Agreement means the Employee Benefits Other Employment
Matters Allocation Agreement entered into by and between Host Hotels Resorts, Inc., Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. and Crestline Capital Corporation. 1.12 Alternate Payee means any Spouse, former Spouse, child or other dependent of a Participant who is entitled under a Qualified Domestic Relations Order to receive all, or part of, the benefits
payable to that Participant under the Plan. 1.13 Annuity Starting Date means the first day of the first period for
which an amount is received as an annuity by reason of retirement or disability. 1.14 Authorized Leave of Absence means
any absence authorized by the Company under the Company s standard personnel practices provided that the Employee or Participant returns within the period of authorized absence. An absence due to service in the Armed Forces of the United States
shall be considered an Authorized Leave of Absence provided that the absence is caused by war or other emergency, or provided that the Employee or Participant is required to serve under the laws of conscription in time of peace, and further provided
that the Employee or Participant returns to employment with the Company within the period provided by law. Except for service in the Armed Forces of the United States in accordance with the preceding sentence, an Authorized Leave of Absence may not
extend beyond two (2) years. 1.15 Basic After-tax Savings means After-tax Savings included in Combined Basic
Savings for a payroll period. 1.16 Beneficiary means the person or persons designated as a beneficiary pursuant to
Article XII. 1.17 Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and the General Partner of Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. 1.18 Code means the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended, or any successor statute, including the regulations issued thereunder. 1.19 Combined Basic Savings 
means the sum of a Participant s After-tax Savings and Section 401(k) Contributions for each payroll period, provided that such sum shall include only an amount up to six percent (6 of Compensation for each payroll period. If the
sum of a Participant s After-tax Savings and Section 401(k) contributions for a payroll period exceed six percent (6 ), the Participant s 401(k) contributions shall be included in Combined Basic Savings before After-tax Savings.
 1.20 Committee means the Investment Committee appointed by the Company pursuant to Section 15.1(b). 1.21 Company means Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. and any affiliate or Subsidiary that elects to join the Plan with the consent
of the Board of Directors. 1.22 Company Contribution Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1 (c).
 
 2 

1.23 Compensation means: (a) Except as hereinafter specified, (1) earned income, wages, salary, overtime, cash bonus, commissions, annual leave, sick leave and holiday pay,
paid by the Company to an Employee, and (2) gratuities reported by the Employee to the Company and the Internal Revenue Service, all without regard for any election under Article V or any elections made by the Participant under any plan
maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 125 of the Code, but excluding any and all other forms of compensation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Compensation taken into account for each Employee for a Plan Year shall not exceed Two Hundred
Thousand Dollars 200,000) or such other amount as the United States Secretary of Treasury may designate under Section 401(a)(17) of the Code. (b) For purposes of the limitation on contributions and benefits under Section 415 of the Code as set forth in Section 6.11, a Participant s wages, salaries, and fees for professional services, and
other amounts received for personal services actually rendered in the course of employment with the Company to the extent that the amounts are includable in gross income (including, but not limited to, commissions, gratuities reported by the
Employee to the Company and the Internal Revenue Service, bonuses, fringe benefits, reimbursements or other expenses allowable under a non-accountable plan (as described in Section 1.62-2(c) of the Treasury Regulations) annual leave, sick leave
and holiday pay) and including amounts contributed by the Company pursuant to a salary reduction agreement and which are not includable in the gross income of the Participant under Sections 125, 132 (f)(4),401(k), 402(g)(3), 402(h)(1)(B), 403(b) or
457 of the Code, and excluding the following: (1) Company contributions to a plan of deferred compensation which (except as provided above
with respect to Sections 125, 402(g)(3) and 402(h)(1)(B) of the Code) are not included in the Employee s gross income for the taxable year in which contributed, or any distribution from a plan of deferred compensation; (2) Amounts realized from the exercise of a nonqualified stock option, or when restricted stock (or property) held by the Employee either becomes freely
transferable or is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture; and (3) Amounts realized from the sale, exchange or other
disposition of stock acquired under a qualified stock option. 1.24 Default includes: (a) a failure to pay any
principal or interest when due on a loan provided pursuant to Section 11.1 that continues beyond the end of the calendar quarter following the calendar quarter in which the payment of principal and interest was due shall constitute a default of
such loan; (b) a failure by a terminated Participant to repay the entire outstanding balance of a loan prior to the end of the calendar quarter following the calendar quarter in which the Participant terminated employment with the Company, or
(c) any other uniform and nondiscriminatory written standards adopted by the Committee as to what constitutes default. 1.25
 Distributee (A#4, effective January 1, 2007) means a Participant, Former Participant, Retired Participant, Disabled Participant, the Surviving Spouse of a Deceased Participant, an Alternate Payee, and other
Beneficiary. 
 3 

1.26 Effective Date means January 1, 2004. 1.27 Eligible Rollover Distribution (A#4, effective January 1, 2007) means any distribution of all or a portion of
the Distributee s Account balance, except that an Eligible Rollover Distribution does not include (a) any distribution that is one of a series of substantially equal periodic payments (not less frequently than annually) made for the life
(or life expectancy) of the Distributee or the joint lives (or joint life expectancies) of the Distributee and the Distributee s designated Beneficiary, or for a specified period of ten (10) years or more, (b) any distribution to the
extent such distribution is required under Section 401(a)(9) of the Code, and (c) the portion of any distribution that is not includable in gross income (determined without regard to the exclusion for net unrealized appreciation with
respect to Company securities). This definition shall not apply to amounts distributed due to hardships as provided in Section 10.7 of the Plan. For purposes of the direct rollover provisions in Sections 6.12 and 8.12 of the Plan, a portion of
a distribution shall not fail to be an eligible rollover distribution merely because the portion consists of After-tax employee contributions, which are not includable in gross income. However, such portion may be transferred only to an individual
retirement account or annuity described in section 408(a) or (b) of the Code, or to a qualified defined contribution plan or qualified defined benefit plan described in section 401(a) or 403(a) of the Code that agrees to separately account for
amounts so transferred, including separately accounting for the portion of such distribution which is includable in gross income and the portion of such distribution which is not so includable. 1.28 Eligible Retirement Plan (A#4, effective January 1, 2007) means an individual retirement account (described in
Section 408(a) of the Code), an individual retirement annuity (described in Section 408(b) of the Code), an annuity plan (described in Section 403(a) of the Code), a qualified trust (described in Section 401(a) of the Code), that
accepts the Distributee s Eligible Rollover Distribution, an annuity contract described in Section 403(b) of the Code and an eligible plan under Section 457(b) of the Code which is maintained by a state, political subdivision of a
state, or any agency or instrumentality of a state, and which agrees to separately account for amounts transferred into such a plan from this plan. In the case of an Eligible Rollover Distribution to a non-Spouse Beneficiary, then Eligible
Retirement Plan shall mean only an individual retirement account or an individual retirement annuity. 1.29 Employee 
means any person classified by a Participating Company as an employee and employed by a Participating Company other than: (a) a person who is covered by a collective bargaining agreement, if there is evidence to show that retirement
benefits were the subject of good faith bargaining between a Participating Company and the employee representatives with whom such agreement was entered; (b) a nonresident alien who receives no earned income (within the meaning of
Section 911(d)(2) of the Code) from a Participating Company which constitutes income from sources within the United States (within the meaning of Section 861(a)(3) of the Code); (c) a participant in a profit sharing plan, pension plan
or other retirement plan (other than the Plan, the Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan or the Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. and Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. Comprehensive Stock and Cash Incentive
Plan or the Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. Non-Employee Directors Deferred Stock Compensation Plan) maintained by Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. or Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. or an affiliate, whether or not the plan or
the trust of such plan is intended to qualify under Section 401 of the Code; (d) a leased employee (within the meaning of Section 414(n) of the Code); (e) an independent 
 
 4 

contractor; or (f) any other individual who is not classified by the Participating Company as an employee, regardless of whether such leased employee,
independent contractor or other individual is later determined to be common law employee. 1.30 Entry Date means the
first day of the four week accounting period of the Company immediately following receipt by the Plan Administrator of an application for admission to the Plan in writing, or in such other form authorized by the Plan Administrator; provided,
however, that Employees who were employed by Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. on the day immediately prior to the Effective Date shall be eligible to participate in the Plan on the Effective Date. The Board of Directors may, with respect to
persons who become Employees by virtue of having been employed by any business entity the stock or substantially all of the assets of which are acquired by Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. or any affiliate or Subsidiary or the management of
which is assumed by the Company, establish by written resolution as a special Entry Date, solely for such Employees, the date of such acquisition or assumption of management. 1.31 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 1.32 Fiduciary means any person who (a) exercises any discretionary authority or discretionary control respecting management of
the Plan or exercises any authority or control respecting management or disposition of the Plan s assets; (b) renders investment advice for a fee or other compensation, direct or indirect, with respect to any monies or other property of
the Plan, or has any authority or responsibility to do so; or (c) has any discretionary authority or discretionary responsibility in the administration of the Plan. The term Fiduciary includes the Named Fiduciary, the Trustees and
any person to whom fiduciary responsibilities have been delegated pursuant to Section 15.3. 1.33 Fiscal Year means
the calendar year. The Fiscal Year shall be the limitation year of the Plan for purposes of the limitation on contributions and benefits under Section 415 of the Code, or any successor provision thereto. 1.34 Flexible Compensation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1. 1.35 FLSA means the Fair Labor Standards Act, as amended from time to time. 1.36 Fund means any of the separate funds in which Participants Accounts may be placed and which are allocated and invested in
accordance with Article XIV. 1.37 Hardship (A#4, effective January 1, 2007) means the existence of
an immediate and heavy financial need of the Participant or, for purposes of (a), (c) and (e) below, the Beneficiary. A need exists if it is necessary for the following: (a) expenses for medical care previously incurred by the Participant, his spouse or any of his dependents or necessary for these persons to obtain medical
care within the limits of Section 213(d) of the Code; 
 5 

(b) purchase (excluding mortgage payments) of a principal residence for the Participant; (c) Payment of tuition, related education fees and room and board for the next 12 months of post-secondary education for the Participant, his spouse,
children or dependents; (d) Payment to prevent the eviction of the Participant from his principal residence or foreclosure on the mortgage
of the Participant s principal residence; and (e) (A#4, effective January 1, 2007) Payments for burial or funeral
expenses for the Participant s deceased parent, Spouse, children or dependents; (f) (A#4, effective January 1, 2007)
 Expenses for the repair of damage to the Participant s principal residence that would qualify for the casualty deduction under Code Section 165, determined without regard to whether the loss exceeds ten percent of gross income; or
 (g) Any other event determined by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. 1.38 Highly Compensated Employee means any Employee or former Employee who performs service for a Participating Company during the
Plan Year and who (i) for the prior Plan Year received Compensation from the Participating Company as determined for purposes of Section 415 of the Code in excess of 85,000 and was in the top-paid group, as defined in
Section 414(q) of the Code (as adjusted pursuant to Code Section 415(d)); or (ii) during the Plan Year or the prior Plan Year was a 5 owner (as defined in Code Section 416(I)(1)). 1.39 Hire Date means, for any Employee, the date on which he first becomes entitled to credit for an hour for which he is directly or
indirectly paid or entitled to be paid by the Company or a Subsidiary for the performance of employment services. 1.40 Host
Marriott L.P. means Host Hotels Resorts, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, or any successor thereto by merger, consolidation or the acquisition of substantially all of the assets and business thereof. 1.41 Investment Expenses means all expenses which under generally accepted accounting principles would be classified as investment
expenses, including, without limitation, investment manager s or advisor s fees and expenses, custodial fees, fees of broker-dealers for effecting investment transactions or rendering investment advice, expenses relating to the making of
investments and expenses relating to the recovery of any investment in a bankrupt or insolvent entity. 1.42 Maximum Permissible
Amounts means the lesser of: (a) 40,000, or such higher amount to which such amount may be adjusted or, pursuant to
Section 415(f) of the Code, to implement special rules applicable to combining more than one defined contribution plan as a single plan; or (b) Twenty-five percent (25 of the Participant s Compensation as provided in Section 1.23(b). 
 6 

1.43 Month means any calendar month. 1.44 Month of Credit means any Month during the entire period of which an Employee is employed by the Company. For purposes of the
foregoing, a Month of Credit shall be deemed to commence on the day of hire and end on the close of business on the day preceding the next month s anniversary thereof. Months of Credit are cumulative and need not be successive. Notwithstanding
any other provision to the contrary, a Participant s Months of Credit under the Plan shall include Months of Credit, if any, credited to such Participant under the Prior Plan immediately before the Effective Date. 1.45 Named Fiduciary means the Committee in its role as named fiduciary of the Plan as set forth in Section 15.1(a). 
 1.46 Participant means an Employee of the Company who has been admitted to participation in this Plan in accordance with Article
II. As appropriate to the context a Participant may include one or more of the following sub-definitions. (a) Former
Participant means any present Employee of the Company who, after having been a Participant, ceases to participate in the Plan. (b) Terminated Participant means any prior Employee of the Company who, after having been a Participant, terminated his employment other than by retirement, death or Permanent Disability, and has any vested balance in the
Plan. (c) Retired Participant means any Participant who retires from employment in accordance with Section 8.1 and
who has any vested balance in the Plan. (d) Disabled Participant means any Participant who terminates from employment
as a result of a Permanent Disability and who has any vested balance in the Plan. (e) Deceased Participant means any
Participant who terminates employment by reason of death and who leaves any vested balance in the Plan. 1.47 Participating
Company means Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. or any affiliate or Subsidiary that has elected to join the Plan with the consent of the Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. s Board of Directors. All of the Participating Companies
constitute the Company , as defined in Section 1.21. 1.48 Permanent Disability (A#4, effective
May 17, 2007) means that the Participant is either (a) determined to be entitled to benefits under the Company s long-term disability plan, or (b) if he is not a participant in such long-term disability plan, has been
determined to be disabled by the Social Security Administration. The determination of the existence of a Permanent Disability shall be
made by the Plan Administrator and shall be final and binding upon the Participant and all other parties. 1.49 Period of
Severance means the period of time commencing on the Separation Date and ending on the Participant s Reemployment Date. 
 7 

1.50 Plan means the Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. Retirement and Savings Plan,
including any amendments thereto. 1.51 Plan Administrator means the person to whom the duties of Plan Administrator are
delegated pursuant to Section 15.3(b). 1.52 Plan Year shall mean, for Plan Years beginning after the Effective
Date, the same meaning as Fiscal Year in Section 1.33; for the Plan Year in which the Effective Date occurs, the Plan Year shall mean January 4, 1998 through December 31, 1998; for other Plan Years beginning before the
Effective Date, Plan Year shall mean the Fiscal Year of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. 1.53 Predecessor Company 
means Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. 1.54 Prior Plan means the Host Marriott Corporation (HMC) Retirement and
Savings Plan and Trust, as in effect prior to the Effective Date. 1.55 Pro Rata Share of Administrative Expenses means
the amount determined by multiplying the Administrative Expenses of the Plan by a fraction, the numerator of which is the total value of each Fund and the denominator of which is the total aggregate value of all such Funds. 1.56 Qualified Domestic Relations Order or QDRO shall have the same meaning as qualified domestic relations
order under Section 414(p) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. 1.57 Qualified Joint and Survivor
Annuity or QJSA means an annuity purchased from a commercial insurance company with the Participant s Account that pays a benefit for the life of the Participant with a survivor annuity for the life of the
Participant s Surviving Spouse in an amount elected by the Participant of either fifty percent (50 or one hundred percent (100 of the amount being paid to the Participant during his lifetime. 1.58 Qualifying Employer Real Property means parcels of real property (and related personal property) which are leased to the Company
or an Affiliated Company (a) if a substantial number of the parcels are dispersed geographically; and (b) if each parcel and the improvements thereon are suitable (or adaptable without excessive cost) for more than one use. 1.59 Qualifying Employer Securities means (a) any stocks or other equity securities issued by the Company or an Affiliated
Company; or (b) any bonds, debentures, notes or certificates or other evidences of indebtedness of the Company or an Affiliated Company which are described in Section 503(e) of the Code and Section 407(e) of ERISA. 1.60 Reemployment Date means, for any Employee, the first date following the Employee s Separation Date on which he first becomes
entitled to credit for an hour for which he is directly or indirectly paid or entitled to be paid by the Company or a Subsidiary for the performance of employment duties. 
 
 8 

1.61 Required Beginning Date 
means April 1 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 70- 1 / 2 or, if later,
the calendar year in which the Participant retires from the Company; provided, however, that in the case of a Participant who is a 5 owner (as defined in Code section 416), Required Beginning Date means April 1 of the calendar year following
the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 70- 1 / 2 ; and provided, further, that in the case of a Participant who
attained age 70- 1 / 2 before January 1, 1988, Required Beginning Date means the April 1 following the later of the
calendar year in which he (a) attained age 70- 1 / 2 ; or (b) the sixtieth (60th) day following the close of the Plan
Year in which the Participant terminates employment with the Company, provided such date is not later than April 1 of the calendar year following the calendar year during which such termination occurs, unless he was a five percent
(5 owner (as defined in Section 416 of the Code) of the Company with respect to the Plan Year ending in the calendar year in which he attains age 70- 1 / 2 , in which case, clause (b) shall not apply. 1.62 Section 401(k) Contribution shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2. 1.63 Section
401(k) Contribution Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(b). 1.64 Separation Date 
means the earlier of: (a) Any date on which an Employee s employment with the Company terminates by reason of voluntary termination,
discharge, retirement or death; or (b) The first anniversary of the first date of a period in which the Employee remains absent from
active employment with the Company for some reason other than voluntary termination, discharge, retirement, death, approved leave of absence, or military service. Provided, however, that, solely for the purpose of determining whether a Period of Severance has occurred, if an Employee is absent from service beyond the first anniversary of the first date of absence by reason of a
 maternity or paternity leave , then the Separation Date of such Employee shall be the second anniversary of the first date of such absence. For purposes of this Section, maternity or paternity leave means termination of
employment or absence from work due to: (i) the pregnancy of the Participant, (ii) the birth of a child of the Participant, (iii) the placement of a child in connection with the adoption of the child by a Participant, or (iv) the
caring for a Participant s child during the period immediately following the child s birth or placement for adoption. The Plan Administrator shall determine, under rules of uniform application and based on information provided to the Plan
Administrator by the Participant, whether or not the Participant s termination of employment or absence from work is due to maternity or paternity leave . 1.65 Service means an Employee s or a Participant s period of employment with the Company; the Predecessor Company prior to the Effective Date; as a leased employee (within the meaning of
Section 414(n) of the Code) unless the leased employee is covered by a safe harbor plan described in Section 414(n)(5) of the Code; any other employer that is required to be aggregated with the Company under Section 414 of the Code,
as determined in accordance with Article VII or any employer that maintains a plan from which assets are transferred to this Plan on behalf of the Employee or Participant in a transaction subject to Section 414(1) of the Code. An
Employee s 
 
 9 

Service shall include any period of employment with Crestline Capital Corporation if the Employee was employed by the Company immediately after becoming
employed by Crestline Capital Corporation. Employment of an Employee or a Participant by any of the following employers shall be treated as Service: (a) A Subsidiary, both prior to and after becoming a Subsidiary, if such Subsidiary has elected to join the Plan. (b) A
Subsidiary, after becoming a Subsidiary, if such Subsidiary has not elected to join the Plan. In addition, the Board of Directors shall
have the authority by adopting written resolutions to recognize employment of an Employee or a Participant by any of the following employers as Service: (a) A Subsidiary, prior to becoming a Subsidiary, if such Subsidiary has not elected to join the Plan. (b)
Any business entity substantially all of the assets of which are acquired by Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. or any affiliate or Subsidiary or whose management is assumed by the Company; provided that such recognition shall apply uniformly to
all employees of any such employer. 1.66 Spousal Consent means a Spouse s written consent which acknowledges the
effect of the Participant s election and is witnessed by a Plan representative or notary public. Spousal Consent may be in the form of a specific consent, general consent or limited general consent, as provided in Section 8.6(e).
 1.67 Spouse or Surviving Spouse means the spouse or surviving spouse of the Participant, provided
that a former spouse will be treated as the spouse or surviving spouse and a current spouse will not be treated as the spouse or surviving spouse to the extent provided in a Qualified Domestic Relations Order. 1.68 Subaccount means the portion of a Participant s Account placed in each Fund pursuant to Article XIV. 1.69 Subsidiary or Affiliated Company means (a) a member of a controlled group of corporations of which Host
Hotels Resorts, L.P. is a member as determined in accordance with Section 414(b) of the Code; or (b) an unincorporated trade or business which is under common control by or with Host Hotels Resorts, L.P., as
determined in accordance with Section 414(c) of the Code. For purposes hereof, a controlled group of corporations shall mean a controlled group of corporations as defined in Section 1563(a) of the Code, determined without
regard to Sections 1563(a)(4) and 1563(e)(3)(C) of the Code, except that, with respect to the limitation on Annual Additions set forth in Section 6.11, instead of eighty percent (80 ), the applicable percentage shall be fifty percent
(50 wherever such percentage appears in Section 1563(a)(1) of the Code. 
 10 

1.70 Trustees means the corporate trustee or persons appointed as Trustee of the Trust
Fund and any successors. 1.71 Trust Agreement means the Agreement providing for the terms and conditions under which
the Trustee will hold and invest the Trust Fund. 1.72 Trust Fund means the assets of the Plan and Trust as the same
shall exist from time to time. 1.73 Valuation Date means the last day of the Plan Year and such other dates as of which
the Plan Administrator values the interest of Participants in the assets of the Trust Fund, such valuations being made in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.8. 
 11 

ARTICLE II. ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 2.1 Eligibility and Participation. (a) Eligibility. Any Employee shall be eligible to participate in the Plan immediately on the Employee s Hire Date. (b) Commencement of Participation. Each Employee shall be automatically enrolled in the Plan on the later of August 1, 2005 or the
Entry Date immediately following the Employee s Hire Date, unless the Employee submits a waiver of automatic enrollment in the form and manner determined by the Plan Administrator pursuant to Section 5.3. Any Employee who submits a waiver
of automatic enrollment may subsequently submit a written application to the Plan Administrator for admission to the Plan, and shall be admitted to the Plan on the next following Entry Date. (c) Continued Participation. Notwithstanding subsection (a), any person who was a Participant or Former Participant in the Prior Plan on
the day before the Effective Date shall automatically become a Participant under this Plan on the Effective Date, provided that such person is an Employee on the Effective Date. (d) Participation Voluntary. Notwithstanding subsection (b), participation in the Plan is entirely voluntary. Employees that do not wish to
be enrolled in the Plan shall submit a written waiver of automatic enrollment as described in subsection (b). An Employee that has waived automatic enrollment may subsequently elect to commence participation in the Plan in accordance with subsection
(b). (e) Default Contribution Level. Upon automatic enrollment in the Plan, the Participant will be deemed to have elected
to contribute three percent (3 of his Flexible Compensation as a Section 401(k) Contribution, subject to the terms and conditions of Article V of the Plan, including changes in elections under Section 5.3. 2.2 Reemployment of Employee. An Employee who terminates employment with the Company and subsequently resumes employment with the Company
shall become eligible to participate in the Plan immediately upon again becoming an Employee and may be admitted to the Plan on any Entry Date thereafter upon written application in accordance with Section 2.1(b). 2.3 Termination of Plan Participation. A Participant may cease to participate in the Plan during the Participant s continued
employment at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Plan Administrator. Such notice shall be effective to terminate participation upon its receipt by the Plan Administrator and such Employee shall thereupon become a Former Participant.
 2.4 Readmission of Former Participant. Any Former Participant may be readmitted to the Plan as a Participant on any Entry
Date upon written application in accordance with Section 2.1(b); provided, however, that if any Former Participant withdraws any portion of his Basic After-tax Savings pursuant to Section 10.1, he shall not be eligible for readmission to
the Plan until six (6) months have elapsed from the date on which he became a Former Participant. 
 12 

2.5 Participation During Authorized Leave of Absence or During Employment by Subsidiary That Has
Not Joined Plan. Participation in the Plan may continue during periods of Authorized Leave of Absence, and periods during which a Participant is employed by a Subsidiary, which has not elected to join the Plan. However, the Participant may
neither deposit savings in the Trust Fund nor share in the allocation of the Company contribution during such periods. A Participant on Authorized Leave of Absence who does not return to active employment with the Company by the expiration of such
Authorized Leave of Absence shall be treated for the purposes of the Plan as having terminated employment pursuant to Section 9.1. 2.6 Treatment of Participants Who Cease Being Employees Pursuant to Section 1.29. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2.5, any Participant who ceases to be an Employee by reason of Section 1.29(a), (b),
(d) or (e), or by becoming employed by a Subsidiary which has not elected to join the Plan, or by becoming a participant in a plan described in Section 1.29(c), shall be treated thereupon as a Former Participant in accordance with the
provisions of this Plan. 
 13 

ARTICLE III. COMPANY CONTRIBUTION 3.1 Amount of Contribution. For each Fiscal Year or portion
thereof, each Participating Company shall make the following contributions to the Trust Fund: (a) Section 401(k) Contributions, as
provided by Article V; (b) Effective May 20, 2004, a matching contribution on behalf of each Participant in the amount of fifty
percent (50 of the Participant s Combined Basic Savings for each payroll period, but only if such Participant is an employee on the last day of the quarter or such lesser period as determined by the Committee or Plan Administrator; and
 (c) Any additional contribution, if any, as determined in the absolute and sole discretion of the Host Hotels Resorts, Inc.
Board of Directors or the Committee. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in no event shall the amount contributed by any
Participating Company include an amount, if any, equal to the amount of any excess aggregate contributions (as defined in Section 401(m)(6)(B) of the Code) for such year that would otherwise be allocable to Participants who are
Highly Compensated Employees, if such amounts were contributed to the Plan. In no event shall the amount of the contribution exceed the
maximum amount deductible by a Participating Company for the Fiscal Year with respect to which the contribution is made under Section 404(a) of the Code or the corresponding provision of any subsequent tax law. Effective January 1, 2004, if as a result of Code Section 402(g) dollar limitation on the amount of the annual Section 401(k)
Contributions or the Code Section 401(a)(17) dollar limitation on Compensation, the Participant does not receive a total matching contribution pursuant to Section 3.1(b) under the payroll matching procedure, an additional matching
contribution shall be made on the Participant s behalf so that the Participant s total matching contribution is equal to 100 of the Participant s Combined Basic Savings which does not exceed 6 of the Participant s Compensation
for that Plan Year. 3.2 Time of Payment of Contributions. A Participating Company may pay its contributions at such time or
times and in such amount or amounts as it may deem appropriate during the Fiscal Year for which each such contribution becomes due and for such period thereafter during which payment thereof may be permitted as a deduction for the previous Fiscal
Year under the Code. 3.3 Form of Payment of Contributions. All payments of contributions shall be made directly to the
Trustees. Payments may be in cash, Qualifying Employer Securities (including treasury stock or previously unissued stock of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc.), Qualifying Employer Real Property or in such other property of any kind as the Named
Fiduciary may authorize the Trustees to accept, to the extent permitted by law. The value of any property other than cash, which may be paid to the Trustees shall be its fair market value as of the date of such payment, as determined by the Named
Fiduciary, based on the report of an independent appraiser. 
 14 

3.4 Return of Contributions to Company. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Plan,
any contributions made by a Participating Company pursuant to Section 3.1 shall, to the extent permitted by Section 403(c) of ERISA, be returned to a Participating Company if: (a) The contributions are made as the result of a mistake of fact; (b) A tax deduction claimed for the contributions pursuant to Section 404 of the Code is denied to the Company by the Internal Revenue Service; or (c) The IRS determines that the Plan is not tax-qualified under Section 401 of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, no contributions may be returned to a Participating Company under the above provisions later than one
(1) year from the date a mistaken contribution is made, a tax deduction for a contribution is denied, or the IRS determines that the Plan is not tax-qualified, as the case may be. Further, except as otherwise provided in this paragraph, the
assets of the Plan shall not inure to the benefit of the Company, and shall be held for the exclusive purposes of providing benefits to Participants and Beneficiaries and defraying reasonable expenses of administering the Plan. 
 15 

ARTICLE IV. PARTICIPANTS AFTER-TAX SAVINGS 4.1 Participant After-tax Savings. Subject to
the provisions of Section 4.2, each Participant may deposit After-tax Savings into the Trust Fund. 4.2 Amount of After-tax
Savings. Subject to the limitation provisions of Section 6.5, a Participant may deposit in the Trust Fund, specified in multiples of one percent (1 ), an amount, which is at least one percent (1 ), but not more than twenty percent
(20 ), of his Compensation paid for each payroll period. The maximum amount of After-tax Savings is reduced by the amount of the Participant s 401(k) Contributions as provided in Section 5.8. 4.3 Payroll Deduction. Each Participant s After-tax Savings shall be withheld by the Company from Compensation paid such Participant
for each payroll period. 4.4 Change in Rate of After-tax Savings. A Participant may change the rate of his After-tax Savings
to any other rate authorized by Section 4.2 at any time by giving written notice to the Plan Administrator. Such notice shall be effective as specified by the Committee. In addition, a Participant may discontinue his After-tax Savings at any
time by giving written notice to the Plan Administrator. Such notice of discontinuation shall be effective as specified in Section 2.3, unless the Participant has made an election pursuant to Section 5.2. 4.5 Payment to Trustees. The Participants After-tax Savings withheld shall be paid to the Trustees by the Company on the earliest
date on which such After-tax Savings can reasonably be segregated from the Company s general assets. A statement showing the amount representing the After-tax Savings of each Participant shall accompany each such payment. 4.6 Investment of Participants After-tax Savings. Subject to the Participant s right to direct investments, the
Participant s After-tax Savings shall be commingled with other assets in the Trust Fund for investment purposes. 4.7 In-Service
Withdrawal of After-tax Savings. A Participant may withdraw After-tax Savings from his After-tax Savings Account as provided in Sections 10.1 and 10.5. 4.8 Effect of Termination of Plan or Discontinuance of After-tax Contributions. In the event (a) the Plan is terminated or partially terminated with respect to a Participating Company or particular
group or class of Participants, or (b) the Company or any Participating Company discontinues the making of After-tax Contributions, the election made by any affected Participant under the provisions of this Article IV shall be immediately null
and void and of no further effect, and no additional amounts of After-tax Savings shall be contributed to the Trust Fund by the Company or the Participating Company. 
 16 

ARTICLE V. SECTION 401(K) CONTRIBUTIONS 5.1 Designation of Flexible Compensation. The books and
records of the Company shall designate twenty percent (20 of each Participant s Compensation for each payroll period as Flexible Compensation. Flexible Compensation shall for all purposes, tax or otherwise, be treated as part
of a Participant s Compensation and the designation of such amount shall be relevant only for purposes of this Article V. 5.2
 Section 401(k) Contributions. Notwithstanding Section 2.1 and subject to the terms and conditions of this Article V, any Participant may, at any time and from time to time, elect to have contributed to the Trust Fund out of
his Flexible Compensation, specified in multiples of one percent (1 ), an amount which shall be designated a Section 401(k) Contribution and shall constitute a contribution to the Trust Fund by the Company on behalf of the Participant under the
provisions of Section 401(k) of the Code. 5.3 Election Rules. (a) Method of Election. The Committee shall determine the method by which an election may be made pursuant to this Article V. Any such election
method must be consistent with the provisions of Section 401(k)(2) of the Code and (assuming such consistency) may include either an affirmative election procedure whereby Participants shall only be treated as having made an election upon
written direction of the Participants or a negative election procedure whereby Participants shall be deemed to have made an election until and unless a Participant files a written direction negating the election. Regardless of the method of election
determined by the Committee, Participants shall be given prompt and adequate notice thereof and thus be afforded an appropriate opportunity to exercise their rights under this Article V. (b) Effective Date of Election. An election shall become effective (unless previously revoked) upon the first day of the payroll period of the
Company immediately following receipt by the Plan Administrator of the election. (c) Revocation or Amendment. An election may be
made to change a Participant s rate of Section 401(k) Contributions to any other rate authorized under Section 5.2 at any time. Such election shall be made in the manner, and shall be effective, as specified by the Committee. In
addition, an election may be made to discontinue future Section 401(k) Contributions at any time. Such election to discontinue future contributions shall be effective as specified in Section 2.3, unless the Participant is depositing
After-tax Savings into the Trust Fund pursuant to Section 4.2. Finally, the Plan Administrator shall have the right and obligation to reduce a Participant s rate of Section 401(k) Contribution to any rate as necessary, from time to
time, in order to assure compliance by this Plan with the standards of Section 401(k)(3) of the Code. 5.4 Compensation
Reduction. For each payroll period, a Participant s Compensation shall be reduced by the portion of a Participant s Flexible Compensation, which such Participant has elected to have contributed by the Company to the Trust Fund as a
Section 401(k) Contribution (or such lesser amount determined by the Plan Administrator pursuant to Section 5.3(c)). A Participant s Flexible Compensation for the payroll period in excess of such amount shall be paid to the
Participant as cash compensation for the period. 
 17 

5.5 Limitations on Section 401(k) Contributions. Except as permitted under
Section 5.12 of the Plan and Section 414(v) of the Code, if applicable, the annual addition that may be contributed or allocated to a participant s account under the plan for any limitation year shall not exceed the lesser of:
 (a) Forty Thousand Dollars 40,000) as adjusted for increases in the cost-of-living under Section 415(d) of the Code; (b) One Hundred percent (100 of the participant s compensation, within the meaning of Section 415(c)(3) of the Code, for the limitation
year. (c) Such lesser amount which may be allowed in order to assure compliance by the Plan with one of the Actual Deferral Percentage
Tests set forth in Section 5.6. Furthermore, the maximum amount of a Participant s Section 401(k) Contributions for a calendar year shall
not exceed the amount in effect under Section 402(g)(5) for such calendar year. 5.6 Actual Deferral Percentage Tests. 
The Actual Deferral Percentage Test shall be satisfied for a Plan Year if one of the following two tests is met for such Plan Year: (a) The
Actual Deferral Percentage for the eligible Highly Compensated Employees is not more than the Actual Deferral Percentage of all other eligible Employees for the prior Plan Year multiplied by 1.25; or (b) The Actual Deferral Percentage for the Highly Compensated Employees is not more than the Actual Deferral Percentage of all other eligible Employees
for the prior Plan Year multiplied by 2.0, and the excess of the Actual Deferral Percentage for the Highly Compensated Employees for the prior Plan Year over all other eligible Employees for the prior Plan Year is not more than two percentage
points. 5.7 Recharacterization of Certain Section 401(k) Contributions. To the extent that contributions made on behalf
of a Participant pursuant to an election under Section 5.2 by a Participant who is a Highly Compensated Employee would otherwise cause the Plan to fail to comply with the Actual Deferral Percentage Test set forth in Section 5.6, such
contributions shall constitute After-tax Savings by the Participant rather than Section 401(k) Contributions. Excess contributions for a Plan Year shall be recharacterized as After-tax Savings on the basis of the amount of contributions by, or
on behalf of, each Highly Compensated Employee starting with the Highly Compensated Employee having the highest dollar amount. 5.8
 Coordination of After-tax Savings and Section 401(k) Contributions. A Section 401(k) Contribution is made in lieu of all or a portion of such Participant s After-tax Savings deposits into the Trust Fund under
Section 4.2 of the Plan. Thus, the maximum After-tax Savings deposit which may be made by a Participant under Section 4.2 during any Fiscal Year is equal to (a) the amount which may be made under Section 4.2 without regard to
this Section 5.8, less (b) the Section 401(k) Contribution made on behalf of the Participant under Section 5.2. 
 18 

5.9 Payment to Trustees. Section 401(k) Contributions shall be paid to the Trustees by
the Company on the earliest date on which such Section 401(k) Contributions can reasonably be segregated from the Company s general assets. A statement showing the amount representing the Section 401(k) Contributions of each
Participant shall accompany each such payment. 5.10 Distribution of Section 401(k) Contributions. (a) Restrictions on Distributions. Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, a Participant s Section 401(k)
Contributions (and earnings attributable thereto) shall not be distributable other than upon: (1) The Participant s severance from
employment (within the meaning of Section 401(k)(2)(B) of the Code), death or Permanent Disability; (2) The Participant s attainment of age 59- 1 / 2 , or termination of participation in the Plan
after attaining age 59- 1 / 2 ; (3) The Participant s Hardship; or (4) The termination of the Plan by the Company without
establishment or maintenance of another defined contribution plan (other than an employee stock ownership plan as defined in Section 4975(e)(7) of the Code). Notwithstanding the foregoing, any distribution made pursuant to subsections (a)(4) of this Section must meet the requirements of Section 410(k)(10) of the Code. (b) In-Service Withdrawal of Section 401(k) Contributions. Any Participant or Former Participant who meets the requirements of subsection
(a)(2) or (3) of this Section may withdraw his Section 401(k) Contributions during the Participant s continued employment, as provided in Section 10.5 or Section 10.7, as applicable. 5.11 Effect of Termination of Plan or Discontinuance of Section 401(k) Contributions. In the event (a) the Plan is terminated or
partially terminated with respect to a Participating Company or particular group or class of Participants, or (b) the Company or any Participating Company discontinues the making of Section 401(k) Contributions, the election made by any
affected Participant under the provisions of this Article V shall be immediately null and void and of no further effect, and no additional amounts of such Participant s Flexible Compensation shall be contributed to the Trust Fund by the Company
or the Participating Company. 5.12 Catch-up Contributions. All Participants who are eligible to make elective deferrals
under the Plan and who have attained age 50 before the close of the Plan Year shall be eligible to make catch-up contributions in accordance with, and subject to the limitations of, Section 414(v) of the Code. Such catch-up contributions shall
not be taken into account for purposes of the provisions of the Plan implementing the required limitations of sections 402(g) and 415 of the Code. The Plan 
 
 19 

shall not be treated as failing to satisfy the provisions of the Plan implementing the requirements of section 401(k)(3), 401(k)(11), 401(k)(12), 410(b), or
416 of the Code, as applicable, by reason of the making of such catch-up contributions. 5.13 Contribution Limitation. No
participant shall be permitted to have elective deferrals made under this Plan, or any other qualified plan maintained by the employer during any taxable year, in excess of the dollar limitation contained in section 402(g) of the Code in effect for
such taxable year, except to the extent permitted under Section 5.12 of the Plan and section 414(v) of the Code, if applicable. 
 20 

ARTICLE VI. ALLOCATION OF CONTRIBUTIONS AND NET INCOME AMONG PARTICIPANTS 6.1 Maintenance of Separate Accounts. The Plan Administrator shall maintain the following accounts in the name of each person participating
in the Plan: (a) After-tax Savings Account (consisting of Participants After-tax Savings pursuant to Article IV and any earnings or
losses thereon); (b) Section 401(k) Contribution Account (consisting of Section 401(k) Contributions pursuant to Article V and
any earnings or losses thereon); and (c) Company Contribution Account (consisting of Company contributions under Section 3.1(b) and
(c), forfeitures and any earnings or losses thereon). All of such separate accounts and the separate Fund Subaccounts, as established
pursuant to Section 14.5(a), shall in the aggregate constitute the Participant s Account. 6.2 Allocation to After-tax
Savings Accounts. The After-tax Savings deposited by a Participant pursuant to Section 4.2 shall be credited, as made, to the Participant s After-tax Savings Account. 6.3 Allocation of 401(k) Contribution. Section 401(k) Contributions made by the Company on behalf of a Participant pursuant to Section
V shall be credited, as made, to the Participant s Section 401(k) Contribution Account. 6.4 Allocation of Company
Contribution. Subject to Section 6.7, Company contributions shall be allocated as follows: (a) Effective May 20, 2004,
Company contributions pursuant to Section 3.1(b) shall be credited as made pursuant to Section 3.2 to each Participant s Company Contribution Account if such Participant is an active employee on the last day of the quarter or such
earlier date as determined by the Committee or Plan Administrator; and (b) Company contributions pursuant to Section 3.1(c) shall be
allocated and applied in the following order: (1) To the restoration of forfeitures of Terminated Participants readmitted to the Plan in
accordance with Section 9.5(b) and unclaimed benefits previously reallocated in accordance with Section 6.10, to the extent that current forfeitures are insufficient to provide for such restoration, as provided in Sections 6.9 and 6.10;
and (2) To the Company Contribution Accounts of all Participants who are Employees of the Company on the day that the Board approves the
Company Contribution made pursuant to Section 3.1(c) and all Participants who become Retired, Disabled or Deceased Participants during the Fiscal Year, based on the ratio that each such Participant s Combined Basic Savings for such Fiscal
Year bears to the total Combined Basic Savings of all such Participants for 
 
 21 

such Fiscal Year. The Company Contributions allocated to each Participant s Account shall be further allocated among such Participant s Fund
Subaccounts in accordance with the provisions of Article XIV. 6.5(a) Limitation on After-tax Savings and Company
Contributions. Notwithstanding any provisions of the Plan to the contrary, the Participant s After-tax Savings and Company contributions (including forfeitures used to reduce contributions under Section 3.1(b) or (c) for a
Plan Year must satisfy the Actual Contribution Percentage Tests for such Plan Year. The Actual Contribution Percentage Test shall be satisfied for a Plan Year if one of the following two tests is met for such Plan Year: (1) The Actual Contribution Percentage for the eligible Highly Compensated Employees is not more than the Actual Contribution Percentage for the prior
Plan Year of all other eligible Employees multiplied by 1.25; or (2) The Actual Contribution Percentage for the Highly Compensated
Employees is not more than the Actual Contribution Percentage for the prior Plan Year of all other eligible Employees multiplied by 2.0, and the excess of the Actual Contribution Percentage for the Highly Compensated Employees over all other
eligible Employees for the prior Plan Year is not more than two percentage points. (b) (deleted by A#4, effective January 1,
2002) 6.6 Correcting Excess Aggregate Contributions. (A#4,
effective January 1, 2008) In the event that the limitation imposed by Section 6.5 is not satisfied for any Plan Year, Participant After-tax Savings (including recharacterized Section 401(k) Contributions) credited to a
Participant s Account shall, to the extent such credited amounts constitute excess aggregate contributions (within the meaning of Section 401(m)(6)(B) of the Code, and after taking into account the last subsection of
Section 3.1(c) and Section 6.7), be distributed to affected Participants on or before the date which is two and one-half (2- 1 / 2 months (or, if permitted under the Code and applicable regulations, six (6) months) after the end of the Plan Year to which such credited amounts relate. The excess aggregate contributions for a Plan Year shall be allocated to each
Highly Compensated Employee in an amount equal to the amount by which the Highly Compensated Employees After-tax Savings (including recharacterized Section 401(k) contributions) are reduced in accordance with the following procedure. The
dollar amount of After-tax Savings (including recharacterized Section 401(k) Contributions) for the Plan Year made on behalf of the Highly Compensated Employee with the highest dollar amount of After-tax Savings (including recharacterized
Section 401(k) contributions) for the Plan Year is reduced to the extent required to (1) reduce the Plan s excess aggregate contributions to zero, or (2) cause such Highly Compensated Employee s dollar amount of After-tax
Savings (including recharacterized Section 401(k) contributions) for the Plan Year to equal the After-tax Savings (including recharacterized Section 401(k) contributions) of the Highly Compensated Employee with the next highest dollar
amount of After-tax Savings (including recharacterized Section 401(k) contributions) for the Plan Year. This process is repeated until the Plan s excess aggregate contributions are reduced to zero. Each Highly Compensated Employee s
After-tax Savings (including recharacterized Section 401(k) contributions that are treated as excess aggregate contributions) shall consist first of unmatched After-tax Savings (including recharacterized Section 401(k) contributions), and
then to the extent necessary, matched Employee 
 
 22 

After-tax Savings (including recharacterized Section 401(k) contributions). (A#4, effective January 1, 2006) Distributions of
credited amounts shall include any income attributable thereto to the extent required under the Code and applicable regulations thereunder. 6.7 Special Provision for Allocating Company Contributions. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, Company contributions pursuant to Sections 3.1(b) and 3.1(c) shall be allocated and applied to the accounts of
Participants who are not Highly Compensated Employees as if the reduction of contributions provided in the last subsection of Section 3.1(c) had not taken place. Company contributions shall be allocated and applied to the accounts of Highly
Compensated Employees after taking into account the reduction of contributions provided in the next to last paragraph of Section 3.1 so that no amounts constituting excess aggregate contributions (within the meaning of
Section 401(m)(6)(B) of the Code) are allocated to the Company Contribution Account of any Participant under this Article VI. 6.8
 Allocation of Net Income. As of each Valuation Date, each Fund shall be charged or credited with the net earnings, gains, losses, Investment Expenses and the Pro Rata Share of Administrative Expenses as well as any appreciation or
depreciation in the market value using publicly issued fair market values when available or appropriate. To the extent that a Participant s Subaccounts are invested in Funds that are accounted for as pooled assets or investments, the allocation
of earnings, gains and losses of each Participant s accounts shall be based upon the total amount of funds so invested, in a manner proportionate to the Participant s share of such pooled investment. To the extent that a Participant s
Subaccounts are invested in Funds that are accounted for as segregated assets, the allocation of earnings, gains and losses from such assets shall be made on a separate and distinct basis. 6.9 Use of Forfeitures. Forfeitures, as described in Section 9.5(a), shall be applied in the following order: (a) first to
restore forfeitures of Terminated Participants readmitted to the Plan in accordance with Section 9.5(b) and unclaimed benefits previously reallocated in accordance with Section 9.6, (b) second to pay Plan expenses, and (c) third,
to reduce the Company Contributions. 6.10 Use of Unclaimed Benefits. (a) Method of Allocation. Unclaimed benefits, as described in Section 19.10, shall be reallocated in the same manner as forfeitures as
provided in Section 6.9. (b) Reduction in Forfeitures. If the Plan Administrator pays any unclaimed benefits, which had
previously been reallocated hereunder, the amount of such benefits shall reduce the amount of forfeitures otherwise reallocated pursuant to Section 6.9. In the event that forfeitures for the Fiscal Year in question are not sufficient to pay any
unclaimed benefits, the Company contribution for such Fiscal Year shall first be applied for such payment. 6.11 Allocation
Limitations. (a) Maximum Additions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Plan, the sum of: (1) the
total Additions made to the Account of a Participant under this Plan for any Fiscal Year; and (2) the annual additions (as defined in Section 415 of the Code) made to the account of a Participant under any other qualified
defined contribution plan maintained by the Company or any Affiliated Company, shall not exceed the Maximum Permissible Amount. 
 23 

(b) Correction of Excess. If the Maximum Permissible Amount is exceeded in any Plan Year for any
Participant, the Plan shall distribute to the Participant any After-tax Savings or Section 401(k) Contributions made by the Participant to the Plan for the Plan Year to the extent such distribution would cause the excess to be reduced. If,
after returning such After-tax Savings or Section 401(k) Contributions to the Participant an excess still exists, such excess shall be corrected in accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 415-6(b)(6) or such other
rules or procedures as the Internal Revenue Service shall allow. (c) Further Limitations on Additions. Notwithstanding the
foregoing provisions of this Section 6.11, the otherwise permissible annual additions for any Participant under this Plan shall be further reduced to the extent necessary, as determined by the Committee to prevent disqualification of the Plan
under Section 415 of the Code, which imposes additional limitations on the benefits payable to Participants who also may be participating in another tax-qualified pension, profit sharing, savings or stock bonus plan of the Company or any
Affiliated Company. The Committee shall advise affected Participants of any additional limitation of their annual Additions required by the preceding sentence. 6.12 Transfers From Other Qualified Plans. (a) Manner of Rollover or Direct Transfer. 
An Employee (including an Employee who is not a Participant) may rollover or transfer to this Plan amounts received from a retirement plan which are eligible to be rolled over or transferred to this Plan pursuant to the provisions of
Section 402 of the Code, including a direct transfer of an eligible rollover distribution pursuant to the provisions of Sections 401(a) and 403(a) of the Code, an annuity that meets the requirements of Section 403(b) of the Code, or from
an eligible plan under Section 457(b) of the Code. Such rollover or transfer must comply with the requirement of Section 402 of the Code. (b) Governing Provisions. The assets so rolled over or transferred shall be solely in cash. The Committee shall develop such procedures, and may require such information from the Employee desiring to make such a rollover or transfer,
as it deems necessary to determine that the proposed rollover or transfer will meet the requirements of this Section and will not jeopardize the tax qualified status of the Plan. All amounts rolled over or transferred pursuant to this Section shall
be deposited in the Trust Fund and shall be credited to a rollover account. The rollover account shall be one hundred percent (100 vested in the Participant, shall share in income allocations in accordance with Section 6.8 (but shall not
share in Company contributions) and shall be invested in accordance with the provisions of Article XIV. Distributions of amounts so transferred shall be subject to the same restrictions as those stated in Section 5.10. 
 24 

ARTICLE VII. VESTING 7.1 Vesting of After-tax Savings Account. The interest of each Participant in
his After-tax Savings Account shall vest to the extent of one hundred percent (100 as soon as such After-tax Savings are withheld from his Compensation pursuant to Article IV and as soon as the earnings on such After-tax Savings are credited
pursuant to Article VI. 7.2 Vesting of Section 401(k) Contribution Account. The interest of each Participant in his
Section 401(k) Contribution Account shall vest to the extent of one hundred percent (100 as soon as such Section 401(k) Contributions are made on his behalf by the Company pursuant to Article V and as soon as the earnings thereon
are credited pursuant to Article VI. 7.3 Vesting of Company Contribution Account. (a) Vesting Schedule. The interest of each Participant in his Company Contribution Account shall vest as follows: 

Period of Service 
 
 Vested Percentage 

Less than 2 years 
 
 0 

At least 2 years but less than 3 years 
 
 25 

At least 3 years but less than 4 years 
 
 50 

At least 4 years but less than 5 years 
 
 75 

5 years or more 
 
 100 
 
 (b) Service to be Credited Upon Resumption of Employment. If an Employee terminates
employment and is reemployed by the Company, upon the Employee s reemployment, all Service with the Company (including Service before and after such reemployment) shall be counted for purposes of determining his vested interest in his Company
Contribution Account, if any. (c) Definition of Service . For purposes of determining a Participant s vested
interest in his Company Contribution Account, Service means the period of time commencing on the Participant s Hire Date and ending on the Participant s Separation Date and, if applicable, the period of time commencing on the
Participant s Reemployment Date and ending on the Participant s subsequent Separation Date. In addition, such Service shall include the period following a Separation Date described in Section 1.64(a) if a Participant s or Former
Participant s Reemployment Date occurs within the 12-consecutive month period following such Separation Date; provided, however, that if a Participant or Former Participant is otherwise absent from employment, the period following such
Separation Date shall be counted as Service only if the Participant s or Former Participant s Reemployment Date occurs within the 12-consecutive month period following the commencement of such other absence from employment.
 Service shall also include any periods of absence from active employment followed by a Separation Date, and periods of approved Leaves of Absence granted in accordance with a nondiscriminatory leave policy; provided, however, that if the
Participant or Former Participant does not resume status as an employee of the Company at the time agreed upon by the Company and the Participant, the Participant shall be deemed to be discharged at such time. Service includes periods of employment
described in Section 1.65. 
 25 

(d) Automatic 100 Vesting. Notwithstanding subsection (a) of this Section, the
Participant s interest in his Company Contribution Account shall vest to the extent of one hundred percent (100 upon the earlier of the following while employed by the Company or an Affiliate: (1) Death; (2) Permanent Disability; or
 (3) Attainment of age 59 1 /
 2 . Such vesting in the event of Permanent Disability is intended
to provide accident or health insurance as described in Section 105(a) of the Code, in providing benefits for the permanent loss or loss of use of a member or function of the body, or the permanent disfigurement of Participants, to
the extent that Permanent Disability results. 
 26 

ARTICLE VIII. TERMINATION AND DISTRIBUTION UPON RETIREMENT DEATH OR DISABILITY 8.1 Retirement. Upon retirement, a Participant shall be eligible to receive the
balance in his Account. Retirement for purposes of this Plan may be elected by any Participant upon attaining age 59 1 / 2 .
 8.2 Death. The death of any Participant or Former Participant shall be reported promptly to the Plan Administrator by
the Company. The death of a Terminated Participant or a Retired Participant shall be reported to the Plan Administrator by dependents or beneficiaries who are directly concerned. Upon the Participant s death, the Participant s Beneficiary
shall be entitled to payment of the balance of the Participant s vested Account in the manner provided by the Plan. 8.3
 Disability. The termination of a Participant s employment with the Company by reason of Permanent Disability shall be promptly certified to the Plan Administrator by the Company. Upon such termination of employment, the
Participant shall be eligible to receive the balance in his Account. 8.4 Valuation of Account Balance. The Account balance
of a Retired, Deceased or Disabled Participant shall be valued as of the Valuation Date coinciding with or immediately preceding the date distribution is made to such Participant or Beneficiary, as applicable (and shall include such
Participant s pro rata share of the Company contribution under Section 3.1(c), as determined under Section 6.4(b), if any, for the year in which such Participant terminated employment). 8.5 Available Payment Options. Subject to the mandatory cash-out of small amounts provided in Section 8.10, a Retired, Deceased or
Disabled Participant s Account balance shall be distributed by the Trustees under such of the following payment options as the Participant (or, if a Deceased Participant shall have failed to select a payment option, as his Beneficiary) shall
determine: (a) Lump sum payment; (b) Deferred payments in installments in any amount from time to time or over a period of time specified by the Participant, including installment payments in substantially equal amounts; (c) Purchase of a term annuity contract from a commercial insurance company with payments for a term certain in regular installments; or (d) Purchase of a single-life or Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity contract from a commercial insurance company with payments for the life of the
Participant or the life of the Participant and his or her Surviving Spouse. Election of a single life annuity by a married Participant and revocation of Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity are subject to the Spousal Consent Rules of
Section 8.6. 
 27 

8.6 Spousal Consent Rules. (a) Revocation of an Annuity. A married Participant who has selected a Term Annuity pursuant to Section 8.5(c) or a single life annuity or
Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity (hereinafter QJSA ), pursuant to Section 8.5(d), may revoke such election and elect instead to receive his or her benefits as follows: (1) If the Participant elected a term certain annuity form of payment and the commercial annuity contract has not yet been purchased by the Plan, the
Participant (or the Surviving Spouse, if the Participant has died) may elect to receive any other form of benefit available for the Plan; (2) If the Participant elected a life annuity or a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity form of payment and the commercial annuity contract has not yet been purchased by the Plan, the Participant (or his Surviving Spouse, if the Participant
has died) may elect to receive any other form of benefit available from the Plan, provided that the Participant and his Spouse (or the Surviving Spouse, if the Participant has died) consent in writing to the distribution revocation of such election
in accordance with Section 8.6(b ). (b) Waiver of Life Annuity or Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity. A Participant who is
married on the Annuity Starting Date may elect a single life annuity pursuant to Section 8.5(d) only if the Participant s Spouse provides a waiver of a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity. A married Participant who has selected a QJSA,
pursuant to Section 8.5(d), may if permitted under Section 8.6(a) elect to revoke such election and waive the QJSA payment option. Such waivers must be made within the one hundred eighty (180) day period ending on the
Participant s Annuity Starting Date with respect to such benefit. Subject to Section 8.6(a), a Participant may subsequently revoke the election to waive the QJSA and elect again to waive the QJSA at any time and any number of times prior
to such Annuity Starting Date. All such elections and revocations shall be in writing. Any election to waive the QJSA must: (1) Specify
the alternate payment option elected; (2) Be accompanied by the designation of a specific non-spouse Beneficiary (including any class of
beneficiaries or any contingent beneficiaries) who will receive the benefit upon the Participant s death, if applicable; and (3) Be
accompanied by Spousal Consent. (A#4, effective January 1, 2008) If the Participant elects to waive the QJSA in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 8.6, then he may elect distribution in the form of a qualified optional survivor annuity at any time prior to the Annuity Starting Date. A qualified optional survivor
annuity is an annuity for the life of the Participant with an annuity for the Surviving Spouse equal to 75 of the amount payable during the joint lives of the Participant and the Spouse. (A#4, effective January 1, 2007) Notwithstanding the above, no consent under this subsection (b) shall be valid unless, within
thirty (30) days and no more than one hundred eighty (180) days before the Annuity Starting Date, the Plan Administrator has provided the Participant 
 
 28 

with the written explanation described in subsection (c) of this Section. A Participant may elect to receive distribution prior to the expiration of
such thirty (30) day period if distribution commences more than seven (7) days after the written explanation described in the previous sentence was provided. A Participant who is not married on the Annuity Starting Date may, subject to Section 8.6(a), revoke an election to receive a single life annuity. The election must comply with this Section and
Section 8.6(c) as if it were an election to waive the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity by a married participant, but without the Spousal Consent requirement. (c) Written Explanation. (A#4, effective February 1, 2006) The written explanation shall be designed to meet the requirements of Treas. Reg. Section 1.417(a)(3)-1, and shall contain the
following: (1) The terms and conditions of the QJSA; (2) The Participant s right to make, and the effect of, an election to waive the QJSA payment option and, effective January 1, 2008, the qualified optional survivor annuity; (3) The rights of the Participant s Spouse; (4) The right to make, and the effect of, a revocation of a previous election to waive the QJSA; and (5) A general description
of the eligibility conditions and other material features of the Plan s other forms of benefit and their financial effects. (d)
 Result of Effective Waiver. In the event of an effective waiver of the QJSA payment option, in accordance with the terms of subsection (b) of this Section, the amount payable to the married Retired or Disabled Participant (or to the
Beneficiary of a Deceased Participant) shall be distributed by the Trustees or their delegate under such of the alternate payment options set forth in Section 8.5 as the Participant or his legal representative may select. (e) Spousal Consent. A Spousal Consent shall specify the non-spouse Beneficiary. Once made, a consent shall be irrevocable unless the Participant
changes his Beneficiary designation or revokes his election to waive the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity; upon such event, the consent shall be deemed to be revoked. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Spousal Consent is not required if the
Participant establishes to the satisfaction of the Plan Administrator that such written consent cannot be obtained because there is no Spouse or that the Spouse cannot be located. In addition, no Spousal Consent is necessary if the Participant has
been legally separated or abandoned within the meaning of local law and the Participant provides the Plan Administrator with a court order to that effect, so long as such court order does not conflict with a Qualified Domestic Relations Order. If
the Spouse is legally incompetent to consent, the Spouse s legal guardian may consent on his behalf, even if the legal guardian is a Participant. 8.7 Distributions Upon Married Participant s Death. If a Participant is married on the date of his death, the full amount of the Participant s Account balance shall be payable on the death of

29 

the Participant to the Participant s Surviving Spouse, unless the Participant s Surviving Spouse has given Spousal Consent to the designation of a
specific non-spouse Beneficiary (including any class of beneficiaries or any contingent beneficiaries) who will receive the Account balance upon the Participant s death. 8.8 General Distribution Requirements. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, all Plan distributions to Participants and
Beneficiaries shall comply with the requirements of Section 401(a)(9) of the Code and the regulations thereunder. (a)
 Distributions to Participants. For distributions commencing on or after January 1, 2003, distribution of a Participant s Account balance shall be made or commence as provided in Appendix A to the Plan. For distributions commencing
prior to January 1, 2003, the Participant s Account balance shall be distributed or begin to be distributed no later than the Participant s Required Beginning Date and may only be distributed over: (1) A period of years not to exceed the life-expectancy of the Participant, or the joint life expectancy of the Participant and the Participant s
designated Beneficiary; or (2) The life of the Participant, or the lives of the Participant and the Participant s designated
Beneficiary. Life expectancy shall be recalculated annually. (b) Distributions to Beneficiary. For distributions commencing on or after January 1, 2003, distribution of a Participant s Account
balance to a Participant s Beneficiary shall be made or commence as provided in Appendix A to the Plan. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article VIII, any distribution, commencing prior to January 1, 2003, to a
Participant s Beneficiary must comply with the following requirements: (1) If the Participant dies after distribution of his Account
balance has begun, then the remaining portion of such Account balance shall be distributed at least as rapidly as under the method of distribution being used prior to the Participant s death. (2) If the Participant dies before receiving any portion of his Account balance then distribution of the Participant s entire Account balance shall
be completed by December 31 of the calendar year containing the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Participant s death unless: (a) The Beneficiary elects to receive payments over his life (or over a period not extending beyond his life expectancy) in which case the first installment must be made by December 31 of the calendar year immediately following the
calendar year in which the Participant died; or 
 30 

(b) In the case of a Beneficiary who is a
Surviving Spouse, the Surviving Spouse elects to receive installment payments as set forth in subsection (b)(2)(i) of this Section, in which case the first installment may be deferred until the later of: December 31 of the calendar year
immediately following the calendar year in which the Participant died or December 31 of the calendar year in which the Participant would have attained age 70- 1 / 2 . Such an election shall be made by the earlier of: the date the
distribution is required to be made under subsection (b)(2) of this Section or December 31 of the calendar year which contains the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Participant s death. If the Participant has no Beneficiary or if the
Beneficiary does not elect a method of distribution, distribution of the entire Account balance shall be completed by December 31 of the calendar year containing the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Participant s death. If the Surviving Spouse dies after the Participant but before payments to such Surviving Spouse begin, then the provisions of subsection (b)(2) of this
Section with the exception of subsection (b)(2)(ii) of this Section shall be applied as if the Spouse were the Participant. Distribution
of a Participant s Account balance shall be made or commence as provided in Appendix A to the Plan. (c) Commencement
of Distribution. Distribution of a Participant s Account balance shall be made or commence no later than 60 days after the close of the Plan Year in which occurs the latest of: (1) (A#4, effective January 1, 2004) The date on which the Participant attains
age 59 1 / 2 ; (2) The tenth anniversary of the year in which the Participant commenced participation in the Plan; or (3) The date on which the
Participant terminates employment with the Company. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence no payment will be made under the Plan until the Participant
files a written claim for such payment unless otherwise required by the Plan. 8.9 Form of Payment. Distribution may be
in cash or employer securities, except that any distribution of employer securities shall be limited to the amount of such securities credited to the Participant s account under the Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. Stock Fund. 
 8.10 Mandatory Cash-Out of Small Accounts. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article VIII, if the aggregate vested value of
the Participant s Account and any rollover account established pursuant to Section 6.12 of the Plan does not (and did not, at the time of commencement of the distribution) exceed One Thousand Dollars 1,000), the Plan Administrator shall
direct the Trustee to distribute as soon as practicable the full amount thereof to the Participant, his legal representative or Beneficiary 
 31 

8.11 Account Balance. For purposes of this Article VIII, Account balance shall include any
rollover account balance. 8.12 Special Rule for Rollovers Out of the Plan. (A#4, effective January 1, 2007)
 Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary that would otherwise limit the election of a Distributee under this Article VIII, a Distributee may elect, at the time and in the manner prescribed by the Plan Administrator, to have
any portion of an Eligible Rollover Distribution paid directly to an Eligible Retirement Plan specified by the Distributee in a direct rollover. Any portion of an Eligible Rollover Distribution that is not paid directly to an Eligible Retirement
Plan shall be subject to applicable income tax withholding. For purposes of this Section 8.12, a direct rollover is a payment by the Plan to the Eligible Retirement Plan specified by the Distributee. 
 32 

ARTICLE IX. TERMINATION AND DISTRIBUTION UPON TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT OTHER THAN FOR RETIREMENT DEATH OR DISABILITY 9.1 Terminated Participant. Upon a Participant s or Former Participant s termination of employment with the Company for any reason other than retirement, death or Permanent Disability, the Company shall promptly
notify the Plan Administrator in writing of such fact and such Participant shall become (a) a Terminated Participant if such Participant has not attained retirement age (as provided in Section 8.1), or (b) a Retired Participant if
such Participant has attained retirement age (as provided in Section 8.1). In the event a Terminated Participant has attained retirement age, the provisions of Article VIII shall thereafter apply to such Participant. 9.2 Distribution of After-tax Savings and Section 401(k) Contributions. The balance of a Terminated Participant s After-tax
Savings Account and Section 401(k) Contribution Account (as determined in accordance with Articles IV and V) shall be valued as of the Valuation Date coinciding with or immediately preceding the date distribution is made to the Participant, and
shall be subject to distribution in the same manner as provided in Sections 8.5 and 8.10 (and in the same forms as provided in Section 8.9) without discrimination in favor of or against any class. 9.3 Distribution of Vested Company Contribution Account. The vested interest of the Terminated Participant in the Terminated
Participant s Company Contribution Account (as determined in accordance with Article VII) shall be valued as of the Valuation Date coinciding with or immediately preceding the date distribution is made to the Participant, and shall be subject
to distribution in the same manner as provided in Section 8.5 and 8.10 (and in the same forms as provided in Section 8.9) without discrimination in favor of or against any class. (A#4, effective May 17, 2007) If the
vested interest of the Terminated Participant in his Company Contribution Account on the Separation Date is zero percent (0 ), then the Terminated Participant s Company Contribution Account shall be deemed distributed on the first date of
distribution of the vested portion of his Account. A Terminated Participant may elect to defer distribution of his vested interest until the earliest of the date such Terminated Participant attains age 62, dies, or suffers a Permanent Disability;
provided, however, that the Terminated Participant may elect to commence distribution in any of the forms of payment available under Section 8.5 as of any earlier date after the date on which he becomes a Terminated Participant. There will be
no pro rata credit of the Company Contribution for the partial Plan Year in valuing a Terminated Participant s Company Contribution Account. 9.4 Mandatory Cash-Out of Small Accounts. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IX, if the aggregate value of the Terminated Participant s vested Account and any rollover account established pursuant to
Section 6.12 of the Plan does not (and did not, at the time of any prior distribution or withdrawal) exceed One Thousand Dollars 1,000), the Plan Administrator shall direct the Trustee to distribute as soon as practicable the full amount
thereof to the Terminated Participant, his legal representative or Beneficiary. 
 33 

9.5 Unvested Company Contributions. (a) Forfeiture. Any portion of a Terminated Participant s Company Contribution Account, which has not vested at the time the
Participant s employment is terminated will be forfeited upon the Participant s incurring a one year Period of Severance. (b)
 Restoration of Forfeiture. Subject to the requirements of subsection (c) of this Section, a Terminated Participant (described in subsection (a) of this Section) who resumes status as an Employee of the Company before incurring five
(5) consecutive Periods of Severance and who is readmitted to the Plan in accordance with Section 2.2 shall have his forfeited amounts restored and added to his new Company Contribution Account (where it will vest in accordance with
Article VII). (c) Distribution Prior to Reemployment. A Terminated Participant described in subsection (b) of this Section who
previously received a distribution will have his forfeitures restored only if he repays, at any time prior to the end of five (5) consecutive Periods of Severance commencing on the date such distribution is made: (1) The entire amount of distribution, if any, previously received from the Terminated Participant s After-tax Savings Account under
Section 9.2; (2) The entire amount of distribution, if any, previously received from the Terminated Participant s
Section 401(k) Contribution Account under Section 9.2; and (3) The entire amount of distribution, if any, previously received
from the Terminated Participant s Vested Company Contribution Account under Section 9.3. Any repayment made by a Participant pursuant to this
subsection (c) shall be made by means of a single lump sum cash payment. 9.6 Account Balance. For purposes of this
Article IX, Account balance shall include any rollover account balance. 9.7 Special Rule for Rollovers Out of the Plan. The
special rule provided in Section 8.12 shall apply to distributions under this Article IX. 
 34 

ARTICLE X. DISTRIBUTION DURING CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT 10.1 Withdrawal of After-tax Savings. 
 (a) Withdrawal of Additional After-tax Savings. A Participant or Former Participant may withdraw his Additional After-tax Savings at
any time and continue to participate in the Plan after such withdrawal. (b) Withdrawal of Basic After-tax Savings. A Participant or
Former Participant may withdraw his Basic After-tax Savings at any time. However, upon withdrawing such Basic After-tax Savings, the Participant shall cease to participate in the Plan and shall in all respects become a Former Participant, except as
otherwise provided in Section 10.5 and subject to the provisions of Section 2.4. (c) Valuation of After-tax Savings
Account. The After-tax Savings Account of the Participant or Former Participant shall be valued as of the Valuation Date coinciding with or immediately preceding the date distribution is made to the Participant or Former Participant. 
 (d) Form of Payment. Withdrawals of After-tax Savings under this Section 10.1 (including the withdrawal of any earnings thereon) shall be
distributed in whole or in part as a single lump sum payment and may be in cash or employer securities, except that any withdrawal of employer securities shall be limited to the amount of such securities credited to the Participant s or Former
Participant s account under the Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. Stock Fund. (e) Taxation of Withdrawal. After-tax Savings
(including earnings) shall be treated as a separate contract from all other contributions for purposes of determining the tax consequences of withdrawals. 10.2 Withdrawal of Section 401(k) Contribution. Distribution of a Participant s or Former Participant s Section 401(k) Contribution Account (and the earnings thereon) is subject to
Section 5.10 and the limitations of Section 401(k) of the Code. 10.3 Withdrawal of Vested Company Contribution
Account. A Participant or Former Participant may not withdraw his vested Company contributions (or any earnings thereon) prior to his Separation Date, except as provided in Section 10.5. 10.4 Readmission of Former Participant to Plan. A Former Participant who terminates participation in the Plan during continued employment
shall be entitled to readmission thereto as provided in Section 2.4. 10.5
 Distributions Upon Attainment of Age 59- 1 / 2 . (A#4, effective
May 17, 2007) Upon attainment of age 59- 1 / 2 , a Participant or Former Participant may elect to withdraw all or a
portion of the balance of his After-tax Savings Account, Section 401(k) Contribution Account and vested Company Contribution Account and continue participation in the Plan. 
 35 

10.6 Account Balance. For purposes of this Article X, Account balance shall include any
rollover account balance. 10.7 Hardship Withdrawals. (a) Terms of Hardship Withdrawals. Any Participant who sustains a Hardship may submit a request to the Plan Administrator for a distribution from
the Plan as may be necessary to meet such Hardship. The Plan Administrator shall have the power in its sole discretion to approve or disapprove (in whole or in part) any such request, based on the standards set forth in this Section 10. 7. Any
distribution to a Participant pursuant to this Section 10.7 shall not exceed the amount required to meet the Hardship, and distribution shall be made only if participant represents in writing that such amount is not reasonably available from
other resources of the Participant as described in Treas. Reg. Section 1.401(k)-I(d)(2)(ii)(B). Such distributions shall be limited to the sum of (1) amounts in the Participant s Section 401(k) Contribution Account attributable
to amounts transferred from the Prior Plan that had accrued on or before December 31, 1988 (along with earnings attributable thereto), plus (2) amounts in the Participant s Section 401(k) Contribution Account accrued under the
Prior Plan and this Plan after December 31, 1988 (exclusive of any earnings), plus (3) amounts in the Participant s Rollover Account. (b) Restrictions. Participants receiving Hardship distribution under this Section 10.7 shall be subject to the following restrictions: (1) The Participant s limit under Section 402(g) of the Code on Section 401(k) Contributions for the Fiscal Year immediately following the
Fiscal Year in which a distribution is made to the Participant shall be reduced by the amount of Section 401(k) Contributions for the Fiscal Year in which such distribution was made; and (2) The Participant shall be prohibited for six (6) months from the date of a distribution under this Section 10.7 from electing any
Section 401(k) Contributions under Article V or making contributions of Basic or Additional After-tax Savings under Article IV of this Plan. The Participant shall likewise be prohibited for the same six (6) month period from making
employee contributions under any deferred compensation plan of the Company, in accordance with written guidelines set forth by the Committee. (c) Committee Guidelines and Determination. The Committee shall set forth written guidelines for the Administrator to make its determination under this Section 10.7 in accordance with the above standards (and the definition of
Hardship) in a uniform and nondiscriminatory manner. The Committee shall make its determination under this Section 10.7 in accordance with the above standards (and the definition of Hardship) and in a uniform and nondiscriminatory manner.
 10.8 Special Rule for Rollovers Out of the Plan. Unless otherwise provided by a provision of the Code, the rule provided in
Section 8.12 shall apply to distributions under this Article X. 10.9 Qualified Reservist Distributions. (Added by A#4,
effective May 17, 2007) Notwithstanding any provisions of this Plan to the contrary, a Participant may elect a qualified 
 
 36 

reservist distribution if the Participant is ordered or called to active duty after September 11, 2001 and before December 31, 2007 for a
period of more than 179 days or for an indefinite period by reason of being a member of a reserve component (as defined in 37 U.S.C. Section 101). For purposes of this section, a qualified reservist distribution is a distribution of
all or a portion of the Participant s Section 401(k) Contribution Account that is made during the period commencing on the date of the order or call and ending at the close of the active duty period. 
 37 

ARTICLE XI. LOANS TO PARTICIPANTS 11.1 General Provisions. The Committee shall direct the
Trustees to make a loan to Participants who are parties in interest (as defined in Section 3(14) of ERISA) (and to beneficiaries of such Participants as designated in written rules set forth by the Committee) as provided in this
Section 11.1. Such loan shall be in an amount that does not exceed the amount set forth in Section 11.2. Loans shall be made on written application to the Plan Administrator and on such terms and conditions as set forth in this Article XI,
and in accordance with the rules and procedures established by the Committee in a written resolution. All such rules and procedures shall be uniform and nondiscriminatory and shall relate to such matters as: 

(a) 
 Procedures for applying for loans; 

(b) 
 The basis on which loans will be approved or denied; 

(c) 
 Limitations on the types of loans offered; 

(d) 
 The procedure for determining a reasonable rate of interest; 

(e) 
 The types of collateral which may secure a loan; 

(f) 
 The events constituting default; 

(g) 
 Minimum loan amounts; 

(h) 
 Frequency of loans; and 

(i) 
 Any other appropriate matters consistent with this Article XI. 11.2 Maximum Loan Amount. A loan to a Participant (when added to the outstanding balance of all other loans made to the Participant under this Plan) shall not be in an amount that exceeds the Allocable Portion of the total
balance in the Participant s After-tax Savings Account and Section 401(k) Contribution Account (valued as of the Valuation Date coinciding with or immediately preceding the date of such loan). The Allocable Portion shall be adjusted
accordingly in the event the maximum permissible loan amount under Section 72(p) of the Code (or any successor provision) is decreased. 11.3 Minimum Loan Amount. The minimum loan amount for each loan shall be One Thousand Dollars 1,000). 11.4
 Repayment Period. The term of a loan made under this Article XI shall be fixed by the Committee, but in no event shall such term exceed (a) one hundred twenty (120) months in the case of a loan for the purchase of a principal
residence, or (b) sixty (60) months in the case of a loan for any other purpose. 11.5 Terms and Conditions. Loans
made to Participants shall be made in accordance with the following terms and conditions: (a) The loans shall be secured by the
Participant s interest in the Plan, plus by the Participant s promissory note for the amount of the loan (including interest) payable to the order of the Trustees. The Plan Administrator may also require such other collateral which in a
normal commercial setting would be considered adequate for the full protection of the Trust Fund. 
 38 

(b) The interest rate for the loan shall be the Federal prime rate as of the last day of the quarter
immediately preceding or ending on the date the loan is made. (c) Payment of principal and interest shall be made through appropriate
payroll deductions from the Compensation otherwise payable to the Participant while the Participant is an Employee. Such payroll deductions shall continue until the full outstanding balance of any loans is repaid, regardless of whether the borrower
remains a Participant in the Plan. Payment of principal by an individual who is no longer an Employee shall be made through such other means (not less frequently than quarterly) as the Committee deems appropriate. (d) The loan shall be made to the Participant from his Account and shall be treated as an investment of assets of such Account. All interest and all
losses attributable to loans shall be charged to the borrowing Participant s Account, and all loan payments shall be credited to the Participant s Account. (e) The loan shall not be used as a means of distributing benefits before they otherwise become due. (f)
Any loan made under the Plan shall be subject to such other terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine are necessary or appropriate, including the condition that the Participant pay (through payroll withholding) the reasonable expenses
determined by the Committee incurred by the Plan to make and service the loan. (g) Loan repayments will be suspended during a period of
Qualified Military Service as defined in Section 414(u) of the Code. (h) A married Participant who has elected payment in the form of
a life annuity or a QJSA, pursuant to Section 8.5(d), must obtain Spousal Consent to obtain a loan. 11.6
 Nondiscrimination. In making loans under this Article XI, the Committee shall not discriminate in favor of or against any Participant or group of Participant. Accordingly, loans shall be available to all Participants on a reasonably
equivalent basis and shall not be made to Highly-Compensated Employees of the Company in an amount greater than the amount made available to other Participants. 11.7 Offset of Account Balance. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained elsewhere in the Plan, in determining the amount of any distribution made in accordance with Article VIII or Article IX,
the amount of any security interest held by the Plan by reason of any loan made against the Participant s Account under this Article XI, including accrued interest, shall be collected by the Plan Administrator from any amounts standing to the
credit of the Participant in the Plan in satisfaction of the loan before making any payments to the Participant or to the Participant s Beneficiary. 11.8 Default. In the event a Participant defaults on the repayment of a loan (under uniform and nondiscriminatory written standards adopted by the Committee as to what constitutes default), the Trustees
may treat the loan as a distribution and pay the principal and interest owing under the loan from the Participant s After-tax Savings Account in the following order of priority: 

(a) 
 Current year After-tax Savings; 
 39 

(b) 
 Prior years After-tax Savings; 

(c) 
 Earnings on prior years After-tax Savings; and 

(d) 
 Earnings on current year After-tax Savings. In the event
the Participant s After-tax Savings Account is insufficient to repay the full amount of principal and interest owing, the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, may treat the unpaid balance as a distribution from the vested portion of the
Participant s Company Contribution Account. In the event the
Participant s After-tax Savings Account and the vested portion of the Participant s Company Contribution Account are insufficient to repay the full amount of principal and interest owing, a determination shall be made whether the
Participant qualifies for a Hardship withdrawal under the provisions of Section 10.7, and, if so, a distribution shall be made in accordance therewith. If the Participant fails to qualify for a Hardship distribution, the Plan Administrator
shall take such other collection action as it deems fit, in accordance with written standards adopted by the Committee; provided, however, that the Plan Administrator shall defer making any distribution from the Participant s
Section 401(k) Contribution Account to repay any unpaid loan balance until such time as the Participant has incurred a Separation Date or has attained age 59 1 / 2 , or until an event described in Section 401(k)(10) of the Code has occurred or as defined in Section 1.24. 
 40 

ARTICLE XII. BENEFICIARIES 12.1 Designation of Beneficiary. Each Participant or Alternate Payee
may designate, on the forms provided by the Plan Administrator, one or more Beneficiaries and contingent Beneficiaries to receive the Plan benefits in the event of the Participant s or Alternate Payee s death. Notwithstanding the preceding
sentence, if the Participant is married at the time of his death and has not elected a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity, his Account balance shall be payable in full to his Surviving Spouse, unless he has designated a different beneficiary with
the consent of his Spouse, if any, in accordance with Sections 1.66 and 8.6(c). 12.2 Manner of Designation. Such designation
may be delivered, on forms provided by the Plan Administrator, at the time such Participant commences participation in the Plan, or thereafter. A beneficiary designation completed by an Alternate Payee may be delivered at the time the Administrator
notifies the Alternate Payee that he is entitled to Plan benefits under a Qualified Domestic Relations Order, or thereafter. A Participant or Alternate Payee may designate different Beneficiaries at any time by delivering a new written designation
to the Plan Administrator. Any such designation shall become effective only upon its receipt by the Plan Administrator. The last effective designation received by the Plan Administrator shall supersede all prior designations. A designation of a
Beneficiary shall be effective only if the designated Beneficiary survives the Participant or Alternate Payee. All designations must be signed by either the Participant or Alternate Payee, as appropriate. 12.3 Absence of Valid Designation of Beneficiary. Except as provided in section 8.7, if a Participant or Alternate Payee fails to designate
a Beneficiary, if no designated Beneficiary survives the Participant or Alternate Payee, or if such designation is for any reason illegal or ineffective, distribution of benefits otherwise payable under this Plan shall be made to the
Participant s or Alternate Payee s estate. 12.4 Beneficiary Bound by Plan Provisions. Whenever the rights of a
Participant or Alternate Payee are stated or limited in the Plan, the Participant s or Alternate Payee s Beneficiaries shall be bound thereby. 
 41 

ARTICLE XIII. QUALIFIED DOMESTIC RELATIONS ORDERS 13.1 Governing Provisions. Notwithstanding any
other provisions of this Plan, a Participant s Account may be assigned in whole or in part pursuant to the provisions of a Qualified Domestic Relations Order (hereinafter QDRO ). In such case, the following rules shall apply:
 (a) A separate account shall be established for any Alternate Payee who has been awarded Plan assets, unless a QDRO obligates the Plan to
distribute, as soon as administratively practicable, all or part of a Participant s Account to the Alternate Payee. In such cases, a pro rata portion of the amount payable to the Alternate Payee shall be withdrawn from each Fund in which the
Participant, pursuant to Section 14.1, has invested. This pro rata withdrawal from each Fund shall be calculated according to the percentage of the Participant s total Account, which the Participant has placed in each Fund. Thus, for
example, if a Participant with an Account of 200,000 has invested fifty percent (50 in the Balanced Fund and fifty percent (50 in the Bond Fund, and a QDRO awards 100,000 to an Alternate Payee, fifty percent (50 of the
Alternate Payee s award shall be deducted from the Bond Fund and fifty percent (50 from the Balanced Fund. (b) All such
payments pursuant to a QDRO shall be subject to reasonable rules and regulations promulgated by the Committee respecting the time of payment pursuant to such order and the valuation of the Participant s Account from which payment is made,
provided that all such payments are made in accordance with such order and Section 414(p) of the Code. (c) The balance of a
Participant s Account subject to any QDRO shall be reduced by the amount of any payment made pursuant to such order. An Alternate Payee for whom a
separate Account is established pursuant to this Article XIII shall be entitled to file an election with regard to investment of that Account in the manner specified by Article XIV and subject to the terms of the QDRO. All such elections shall be
subject to the same terms and conditions as Article XIV imposes upon Participant elections, and all such elections shall be carried out by the Administrator in accordance with Article XIV. Upon the death of an Alternate Payee, the Alternate Payee s Beneficiaries shall be entitled to payment of benefits in an amount and in the manner provided by the
Plan. 
 42 

ARTICLE XIV. PARTICIPANT S DIRECTED INVESTMENTS 14.1 Election by Participants. Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Article XIV, each Participant shall have the right to direct that his (a) Account balance, (b) share of future allocations of Company contributions, (c) share of future forfeitures, and (d) future
After-tax Savings and Section 401(k) Contributions, be invested, in specified multiples of one percent (1 ), in any of the Funds maintained under the Plan, provided the Participant elects to do so. The Plan Administrator shall carry out the
election in accordance with the provisions of this Article XIV. For the purposes of making elections under this Article XIV, the term Participant shall include a Beneficiary, and an Alternate Payee for whom a separate account has been
established in accordance with Article XIII. 14.2 Election Rules. (a) Election to be in Writing. A Participant s election to direct investments shall be in writing, on a form furnished by the Plan
Administrator, or shall be made under such other procedures as specified by the Plan Administrator. The election shall state the percentage to be transferred to or from a Fund. (b) Effective Date of Election. An election shall become effective upon the next subsequent Transfer Date (as described in Section 14.3)
occurring within a reasonable time (as determined under procedures specified by the Plan Administrator) after the receipt of the Participant s valid election by the Plan Administrator, unless such election is revoked before such Transfer Date.
 (c) Revocation of Election. A Participant may revoke an election, in whole or in part, any time prior to the Transfer Date.
Thereafter, a revocation shall become effective as of the next ensuing Transfer Date occurring within a reasonable time (as determined under procedures specified by the Plan Administrator) after the Plan Administrator s receipt of such
revocation. (d) Change in Election. Each Participant may elect to change the Funds (and/or the percentage to be allocated thereto)
in which his (1) Account balance, (2) share of future allocations of Company contributions, (3) share of future forfeitures, and (4) future After-tax Savings and Section 401(k) Contributions, are to be invested. Upon the
receipt by the Plan Administrator of a Participant s request for a change in writing or in some other form authorized by the Plan Administrator, the election shall be effective as provided in paragraph (b) of this Section. (e) Default Election. In the event that a Participant does not make an initial election to direct investments, his (1) Account balance,
(2) share of future allocations of Company contributions (3) share of future forfeitures, and (4) future After-tax Savings and Section 401(k) Contributions, shall be invested in the Fund(s) determined in the sole discretion of
the Committee until an election is made pursuant to this Article. 14.3 Transfer Date. The Committee on behalf of the Named
Fiduciary shall establish one or more Transfer Dates in each Fiscal Year; provided, however, that such Transfer Dates shall occur no less frequently than quarter-annually. 
 
 43 

14.4 Confirmation. The Plan Administrator shall provide written confirmation to a
Participant within a reasonable time after an election or change of election is made by such Participant. 14.5 Subdivision of
Accounts. (a) Establishment of Subaccounts. The Account of a Participant who has made an election pursuant to this Article
shall be subdivided as of the Transfer Date into a Subaccount corresponding to each of the Funds maintained under the Plan into which the Participant has made an election to have his Account invested. Such Participant s Fund Subaccounts shall
each have a balance as of the Transfer Date giving effect to the percentages indicated by the Participant s election. If a Participant has not made an election as to any Fund, such Participant s Account shall be placed into the Fund(s)
determined under Section 14.2(e) and the Participant s Fund Subaccount(s) shall have an aggregate value equal to the Participant s entire Account balance. (b) Allocation of After-tax Savings, Section 401(k) Contributions, Company Contributions and Forfeitures Among Subaccounts. The following amounts shall be further allocated among such Participant s
Fund Subaccounts in the appropriate percentages in accordance with the Participant s election: (1) that portion of any Company contribution which is allocated pursuant to Section 6.4 to the Company Contribution Account of a
Participant who has made an election; (2) the Participant s After-tax Savings; (3) the Participant s Section 401(k) Contributions; and (4) forfeitures allocated under Section 6.9 to the Company Contribution Account
of a Participant. 14.6 Investment Funds. (a) Committee s Responsibility for Funds. The Committee shall be responsible for designating Funds in the Trust Fund into which Participants may elect to invest their Accounts as provided in this Article.
The Plan Administrator shall provide sufficient information to Participants concerning the Funds to permit them to make informed investment decisions, or, if appropriate, provide Participants with directions as to how such information may be
obtained. (b) Investment Policy of Funds. The Committee shall determine the Funds to be made available under the Plan; provided
however, that at all times that in addition to the Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. Stock Fund, three (3) or more Funds shall be maintained which (1) shall not invest in Qualifying Employer Securities or Qualifying Employer Real
Property; (2) shall be designed to enable Participants, by choosing among them, to minimize the risk of large losses in their Accounts; (3) shall be designed to enable Participants, by combining them, to achieve general risk and return
characteristics in their Accounts as desired by Participants; (4) shall be designed to limit a Participant s investment in Company stock or Qualifying Employer Securities to no more than twenty percent (20 of the Participant s
Account; and (5) shall be designed to permit Participants to generally minimize the risk to their Accounts at any level of expected return. The Named Fiduciary, acting by and through the Committee, shall establish an investment policy and method consistent with the objectives of the Plan and the requirements of Title I of ERISA. Such objectives shall include, those set forth in
Article XIV with respect to the Funds. The Committee acting on behalf of the Named Fiduciary shall at least annually review such investment 
 
 44 

policy and method. In establishing and reviewing such investment policy and method, the Named Fiduciary shall endeavor to determine the Plan s
short-term and long-term objectives and financial needs, taking into account the need for liquidity to pay benefits and the need for investment growth. All actions of the Committee acting on behalf of the Named Fiduciary taken pursuant to this
subsection (b) and the reasons therefore shall be recorded and shall be communicated to the Trustees and to the Board of Directors. (c) Funds. The Committee shall make available to the Participants the Funds described in the Investment Policy or such other Funds as the Committee shall determine from time to time. 14.7 Voting Rights. (a)
Generally, all shares (including fractional shares) held in a Participant s Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. Stock Fund Subaccount shall be voted in accordance with the written direction of the Participant. (1) The Committee shall notify the Participants in writing of each occasion for the exercise of voting rights as soon as practicable, and generally not
less than thirty (30) days, before such rights are to be exercised. Such notification shall include all the information that the Corporation distributes to shareholders regarding the exercise of such rights. (2) Each Participant shall be entitled to direct the exercise of rights other than voting rights (such as, for example, a conversion privilege) with
respect to all shares held in the Participant s Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. Stock Fund Subaccount in the same manner as prescribed in this Section 14.7, to the extent required by the provisions of the Plan and applicable laws.
 (3) Notwithstanding the above, in the event of a tender offer for Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. common stock with time limits that
do not permit voting rights with respect to the offer to be passed through to Participants, the Committee shall instruct the Trustee regarding the exercise of rights with respect to the tender offer. (b) The Trustee shall exercise voting rights with respect to all investments other than Qualifying Employer Securities held in the Host Hotels 
Resorts, Inc. Stock Fund. 14.8 Allocation of Income of Funds. The net income of each Fund shall be allocated among the Fund
Subaccounts as provided in Section 6.8. 14.9 Investment Authority of Former Employees. Any Participant who ceases to be
an Employee shall continue to have the authority to direct the investment of his Account in accordance with the provisions of this Article. 14.10 Investment for the Benefit of Incompetents. If the Plan Administrator receives notice that any person entitled to direct investments hereunder has been determined to be legally incompetent, his Account shall be placed in
a Fund(s) determined under Section 14.2(e) until such time as the person s legal representative files an election in the manner specified in this Article. 
 45 

14.11 Rules of Committee. The Committee may establish such rules as it deems necessary to
carry out the provisions of this Article and to comply with the requirements of ERISA. 
 46 

ARTICLE XV. PLAN FIDUCIARIES 15.1 Plan Fiduciaries. (a) Named Fiduciary. The Committee is hereby named as the fiduciary of the Plan to have authority to control and manage the operation and
administration of the Plan. As such, the Committee may hereinafter be referred to as the Named Fiduciary . The Named Fiduciary shall have all of the legal liabilities and obligations set forth in ERISA with respect to employee benefit
plan fiduciaries. (b) Investment Committee. The function of the Committee shall be to advise and assist the Plan Administrator in
the day-to-day discharge of its duties hereunder. The Committee shall consist of at least five (5), but no more than ten (10), persons appointed by the Board of Directors. The Plan Administrator shall attend all meetings of the Committee. A
representative of the Office of the General Counsel shall attend all meetings of the Committee and shall act as the secretary of the Committee ex officio to record minutes of all action taken at any such meeting. Each member of the Committee shall
sit at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and may be removed at any time with or without cause. (c) Trustees. The Named
Fiduciary shall appoint one or more trustees Trustees under the terms of the Trust Agreement. 15.2 Fiduciary Duty. 
Subject to Section 403(c) of ERISA, the Named Fiduciary and each other Fiduciary shall discharge its duties with respect to the Plan solely in the interest of the Participants and their Beneficiaries and: (a) For the exclusive purpose of providing benefits to Participants and their Beneficiaries and defraying reasonable expenses of administering the Plan;
 (b) With the care, skill, prudence, and diligence under the circumstances then prevailing, that a prudent man acting in a like capacity
and familiar with such matters would use in the conduct of an enterprise of a like character and with like aims; (c) By diversifying the
investments of the Plan so as to minimize the risk of large losses, unless under the circumstances it is clearly prudent not to do so; and (d) In accordance with the provisions of this Plan insofar as they are consistent with the provisions of ERISA. The diversification requirement of subsection (c) of this Section and the prudence requirement (only to the extent that it
requires diversification) of subsection (b) of this Section shall not be violated by acquisition or holding of Qualifying Employer Real Property or by acquisition or holding of Qualifying Employer Securities. 15.3 Agents and Advisors. (a)
 Employment of Agents. The Named Fiduciary and the Committee shall have the power to employ suitable agents and advisors for themselves including but not limited to 
 
 47 

auditors, accountants, investment advisers and custodians and legal and other counsel, and to pay reasonable compensation for their services. Such agents may
be persons acting in a similar capacity for the Company, or may be employees of the Company. The opinion of any such agent shall be complete authority and protection for any action taken or omitted by the Named Fiduciary and the Committee acting in
good faith and in accordance with such opinion. (b) Delegation to Agents and Plan Administrator. The Named Fiduciary acting by and
through the Committee may employ agents and delegate to them ministerial duties. The Named Fiduciary may also designate persons, including a Plan Administrator and the Committee, to carry out both ministerial and fiduciary responsibilities;
provided, however, that the Trustees responsibility to manage or control the assets of the Plan may not be so delegated except to an investment manager or managers pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section. (c) Appointment of Investment Manager. The Named Fiduciary shall have the power as provided in the Trust Agreement to appoint an investment
manager or managers with the power to manage, acquire or dispose of any assets of the Plan so long as each such investment manager (1)(i) is registered as an investment advisor under the Investment Advisors Act of 1940; (ii) is a bank, as
defined in that Act; or (iii) is an insurance company qualified to manage, acquire, or dispose of assets of employee pension benefit plans under the laws of more than one State; and (2) has acknowledged in writing to the Named Fiduciary
that he or she or it is a fiduciary with respect to the Plan. 15.4 Administrative Action. (a) Action by Majority. The action of a majority of the Board of Directors or the Committee at the time acting hereunder, and any instrument
executed by a majority of such Directors or Committee members shall be considered the action or instrument of the Board of Directors or the Committee as the case may be. Action may be taken by the Board of Directors or the Committee at a meeting or
in writing without a meeting. (b) Right to Vote. No Director or Committee member or Plan Administrator shall have the right to vote
or decide upon any matter relating solely to himself or solely to any of his rights or benefits under the Plan. (c) Authority to
Execute Documents. The Named Fiduciary or the Committee may authorize in writing any one or more of their number to execute any document or documents on their behalf, and anyone dealing with the Named Fiduciary, Committee or Trustees may accept
and rely upon any document executed by such member or members as representing action by the Named Fiduciary, Committee or Trustees, as the case may be. 15.5 Liabilities and Indemnifications. (a) Liability of Fiduciaries. The Named
Fiduciary and their assistants and representatives including members of the Committee and the Plan Administrator (other than any Investment Manager) shall be free from all liability for their acts and conduct in the administration of the Plan except
for acts of willful misconduct; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not relieve any of them from any responsibility or liability for any responsibility, obligation or duty that they may have pursuant to ERISA. 
 48 

(b) Indemnity by Company. In the event, and to the extent not insured against by any insurance
company pursuant to provisions of any applicable insurance policy, the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Named Fiduciary and their assistants and representatives including members of the Committee and the Plan Administrator from any and
all claims, demands, suits or proceedings in connection with the Plan that may be brought by the Company s (or Affiliated Company s) employees, Participants or their Beneficiaries or legal representatives, or by any other person,
corporation, entity, government or agency thereof; provided, however, that such indemnification shall not apply to any such person for such person s acts of willful misconduct in connection with the Plan. 15.6 Plan Expenses and Taxes. (a) Plan Expenses. (A#4, effective January 1, 2004) The administrative expenses (and the Investment Expenses) incurred by the Named Fiduciary, the Committee and Trustees in the performance of their duties,
including recordkeeping fees and fees for legal services rendered to the Named Fiduciary and Trustees, such compensation (to the extent permitted by law) to the Named Fiduciary and Trustees as may be agreed upon in writing from time to time between
themselves and the Board of Directors, and all other proper charges and disbursements of the Named Fiduciary, the Committee and Trustees, shall be paid by the Trust Fund to the extent not paid from forfeitures as provided in Section 6.9 or by
the Company. (b) Taxes. All taxes of any and all kinds whatsoever that may be levied or assessed under existing or future laws upon
or with respect to the Trust Fund or the income thereof shall be paid from the Trust Fund, subject to the making of appropriate charges. 15.7 Records and Financial Reporting. (a) Book of Account. The Named Fiduciary acting by and through the
Committee and the Trustees shall keep accurate and detailed accounts of all investments, receipts, disbursements and other transactions hereunder. Within ninety (90) days following the close of each Fiscal Year and at the request of the Company
ninety (90) days after the removal or resignation of any Trustee as provided in Section 15.1(c), the Trustees shall file with the Company a written account setting forth all investments, receipts, disbursements, allocations and other
transactions effected by the Trustees during such Fiscal Year or during the period from the close of the last Fiscal Year to the date of such removal or resignation. (b) Financial Reporting Under ERISA. The Named Fiduciary shall if required by ERISA cause the Plan to engage, on behalf of the Participants, an independent qualified public accountant, who shall conduct such
examinations and give such opinions as are required in connection with the Plan s reporting and filing requirements under ERISA. The Named Fiduciary shall make available or cause to be made available to each Participant and each beneficiary who
is receiving benefits under this Plan, such information, financial and otherwise, and in such manner and at such times as is required under ERISA. 
 49 

15.8 Compliance with ERISA and Code. The Named Fiduciary shall cause the Plan to comply
with all filing requirements as provided in ERISA and in the Code and all regulations promulgated thereunder. All authority granted to the Named Fiduciary, the Committee and the Trustees hereunder is subject to their compliance with Sections 15.2,
15.9 and 15.10 and with ERISA. 15.9 Prohibited Transactions. A Fiduciary shall not engage in any prohibited transaction
within the meaning of Sections 406 and 407 of ERISA, or Section 4975(c) of the Code, unless such transaction is exempt under Section 408 or Section 414(c) of ERISA or Section 4975(d) of the Code, or acquire or hold any Company
securities or real property except to the extent permitted under Section 407 of ERISA. 15.10 Foreign Assets. No
Fiduciary may maintain the indicia of ownership of any assets of the Plan outside the jurisdiction of the district courts of the United States, except as may be authorized by the Secretary of Labor by regulation. 15.11 Exclusive Benefit of Trust Fund. The assets of the Trust Fund shall never inure to the benefit of the Company and shall be held for
the exclusive purposes of providing benefits to Participants and their Beneficiaries and defraying reasonable expenses of administering the Plan. 15.12 Board of Directors Resolution. Any action by the Company pursuant to any of the provisions hereof shall be evidenced by a resolution of its Board of Directors certified to the Committee or the Trustees over the signature
of its secretary or of any assistant secretary. The Committee and the Trustees shall be fully protected in acting in accordance with such certified resolution. 
 50 

ARTICLE XVI. PLAN ADMINISTRATION 16.1 Administration of the Plan. (a) Authority to Administer. On behalf of the Named Fiduciary, the Committee shall administer the Plan in accordance with its terms and shall have
all powers and discretionary authority necessary to carry out the provisions of the Plan, including but not limited to, the power to: (1) interpret and construe the provisions of the Plan, including making factual determinations;
(2) prepare any rules and regulations which may become necessary or desirable in the operation of the Plan, including but not limited to specifying procedures to be followed by eligible Employees in electing to participate in the Plan and in
revoking such participation; (3) determine eligibility for benefits and determine the amounts and manner of payment thereof under the provisions of the Plan; (4) keep individual accounts; (5) establish investment policies to be
followed by the Trustees; and (6) perform such other duties as may be required for the proper administration of the Plan. The Committee shall have absolute discretion in interpreting the provisions of the Plan and administering the Plan in
accordance with such provisions, including by way of illustration and not of limitation, the making of determinations of eligibility to participate and the calculation of benefits accruing or payable under this Plan. (b) Delegation of Authority to Plan Administrator. In accordance with Section 15.3(b), the duties described in subsection (a) of this
Section shall be exercised by the Plan Administrator acting on behalf of the Committee, subject to review by the Committee under Section 16.2(c) of a denial of a claim for benefits. (c) Finality of Decision. Any decision of the Named Fiduciary or of the Committee on its behalf, in matters within its jurisdiction shall be
final, binding and conclusive upon the Company and upon all persons who have participated or have any interest or concern, whatsoever, in the Plan. 16.2 Claims. (a) Claims for Benefits. Any claim for benefits under the Plan shall be made in writing to the
Plan Administrator. Except as to his own account, no claimant shall have any legal right to inquire as to any payment under the Plan having been made or as to determining the amount of such payment. Benefits will be paid under the Plan only if the
Plan Administrator, or its delegate, determines in its discretion that the claimant is entitled to them. The Plan Administrator s
final decision shall be conclusive, final and binding on all parties. No action may be brought at law or in equity for benefits under the Plan until the claims procedures described in this Section 16.2 and Appendix B have been exhausted and the
Plan benefits requested in that appeal have been denied in whole or in part. If a claim for benefits under the Plan is finally denied by the Plan Administrator, a claimant may then bring suit in Federal court, but must do so within 90 days of the
date of the Plan Administrator s decision. (b) Notice of Claim Denied. If a claim for benefits is denied, in whole or in part,
the claims procedure set forth in Appendix B shall apply. 
 51 

ARTICLE XVII. PARTICIPATING COMPANY WITHDRAWAL FROM PLAN; TERMINATION OR MERGER OF THE PLAN 17.1 Voluntary Withdrawal from Plan. (a) Withdrawal By Participating Company. Any Participating Company may at any time withdraw from the Plan upon giving the Named Fiduciary at least thirty (30) days notice in writing of its intention to withdraw, unless the Named
Fiduciary shall waive such thirty (30) days notice. The withdrawal of such Participating Company shall be effective on the last day of the Month in which the foregoing thirty (30) day period ends. (b) Segregation of Trust Assets Upon Withdrawal. Upon the withdrawal of a Participating Company pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section,
the Plan Administrator shall segregate the share of the assets in the Trust Fund, the value of which, determined on the day the withdrawal of such Participating Company shall be effective, shall equal the total credited to the accounts of
Participants of the withdrawing Participating Company. The determination of which assets are to be so segregated shall be made by the Committee acting on behalf of the Named Fiduciary in its sole discretion. (c) Exclusive Benefit of Participants. Neither the segregation and transfer of the Trust assets upon the withdrawal of a Participating Company nor
the execution of a new agreement and declaration of trust by such withdrawing Participating Company shall operate to permit any part of the Trust Fund to be used for or diverted to purposes other than for the exclusive benefit of the Participants.
 (d) Applicability of Withdrawal Provisions. The withdrawal provisions contained in this Section 17.1 shall be applicable only
if the withdrawing Participating Company continues to cover its Participants and eligible employees in another profit-sharing plan or pension plan and trust qualified under Sections 401 and 501 of the Code. Otherwise, the termination provisions of
Section 17.3 shall apply. 17.2 Amendment of Plan. The Board of Directors may amend the Plan with respect to all
Participating Companies or with respect to a particular Participating Company at any time, and from time to time, pursuant to written resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors (and all Employees and persons claiming any interest hereunder shall
be bound thereby); provided, however, that no such amendment shall: (a) Alter the rights, duties or responsibilities of the Named Fiduciary
or Trustees without their written consent; (b) Permit any portion of the Trust Fund to inure to the benefit of the Company or permit any
portion of the Trust Fund to be held or used other than for the exclusive purpose of providing benefits to Participants and their Beneficiaries and defraying reasonable costs of administering the Plan; or 
 52 

(c) Have the effect of decreasing the accrued benefit of any Participant as proscribed in
Section 411(d)(6) of the Code; (d) Have the effect of reducing any then vested percentage of benefits of any Participant as computed
in accordance with the vesting schedule under Article VII of the Plan. If the vesting schedule under Article VII of the Plan shall be
amended and such an amendment would, at any time, decrease the percentage of vested benefits which any Participant would have been entitled to receive had the vesting schedule not been so amended, then each Participant who is an Employee on the date
such amendment is adopted, or the date such amendment is effective, whichever is later, and who has three (3) or more Periods of Service as of the end of the period within which such Participant may make the election provided for herein, shall
be permitted, beginning on the date such amendment is adopted, to irrevocably elect to have the Participant s vested interest computed without regard to such amendment. Written notice of such amendment and the availability of such election must
be given to each such Participant, and each such Participant shall be granted a period of sixty (60) days after the later of: (1) The
Participant s receipt of such notice; or (2) The effective date of such amendment within which to make such election. Such election shall be exercised by the Participant by delivering or sending written notice thereof to the Named Fiduciary prior to the expiration of
such sixty (60) day period. 17.3 Voluntary Termination of Plan. (a) Right to Terminate Plan. Each Participating Company contemplates that the Plan shall be permanent and that it shall be able to make
contributions to the Plan. Nevertheless, in recognition of the fact that future conditions and circumstances cannot now be entirely foreseen, each Participating Company reserves the right to terminate (as to such Participating Company) either the
Plan (exclusive of the Trust Fund) or both the Plan and the Trust Fund, at any time, by resolution of the board of directors of the Participating Company. (b) Merger or Consolidation of Plan and Trust. Neither the Plan nor the Trust Fund may be merged or consolidated with, nor may its assets or liabilities be transferred to, any other plan or trust, unless each
Participant would (if the Plan then terminated) receive a benefit immediately after the merger, consolidation, or transfer which is equal to or greater than the benefit the Participant would have been entitled to receive immediately before the
merger, consolidation, or transfer (if the Plan had then terminated). (c) Termination of Plan and Trust Fund. If the board of
directors of a Participating Company determines to terminate (as to such Participating Company) the Plan and Trust Fund completely, the Plan and Trust Fund shall be terminated insofar as they are applicable to such Participating Company as of the
date specified in certified copies of resolutions of such board of directors delivered to the Named Fiduciary, the Committee and the Trustees. Upon such termination of the Plan and Trust Fund, after payment of all expenses and proportional
adjustment 
 
 53 

of accounts of Participants employed by such Participating Company to reflect such expenses, Trust Fund earnings or losses, and allocations of any previously
unallocated funds to the date of termination, such Participating Company s Participants shall be entitled to receive the amount then credited to their respective accounts in the Trust Fund. The Named Fiduciary, in its sole discretion, may make
payment of such amount in cash, in assets of the Trust Fund, or in the form of immediate or deferred payment term annuity contracts for such Participants. 17.4 Discontinuance of Contributions. Whenever a Participating Company determines that it is impossible or inadvisable for it to make further contributions as provided in the Plan, the board of directors
of such Participating Company may, without terminating the Trust Fund, adopt an appropriate resolution permanently discontinuing all further contributions by such Participating Company. A certified copy of such resolution shall be delivered to the
Named Fiduciary, the Committee and the Trustees. Thereafter, the Named Fiduciary, the Committee and the Trustees shall continue to administer all the provisions of the Plan, which are necessary and remain in force, other than the provisions relating
to contributions by such Participating Company. However, the Trust Fund shall remain in existence with respect to such Participating Company and all of the provisions of the Plan relating to the Trust Fund shall remain in force. 17.5 Rights to Benefits Upon Termination of Plan or Complete Discontinuance of Contributions. Upon the termination or partial termination
of the Plan or the complete discontinuance of contributions by a Participating Company, the rights of each of such Participating Company s Participants affected by such termination or partial termination to the amount credited to such
Participant s Account at such time shall be nonforfeitable without reference to any formal action on the part of such Participating Company, the Named Fiduciary, the Committee or the Trustees. 
 54 

ARTICLE XVIII. ELECTION TO PARTICIPATE BY SUBSIDIARIES 18.1 Consent Required for Subsidiaries to Join
Plan. The Plan Administrator, upon receiving a written resolution of the board of directors of a Subsidiary electing to become a Participating Company, may approve or disapprove such election acting as the delegate of the Board of Directors.
The Board of Directors shall retain the final authority to override such action and approve or disapprove the Subsidiary s request. 
 55 

ARTICLE XIX. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 19.1 Status of Employment. The adoption and maintenance of
the Plan shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between the Company and any Employee or Participant, or to be a consideration for, or an inducement or condition of, any employment. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to give
any Employee the right to be retained in the service of the Company or to interfere with the right of the Company to discharge any Employee or Participant at any time. 19.2 Liability of Company. Except as may be determined by the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion from time to time, all benefits payable under this Plan shall be paid or provided solely from the
Trust Fund and the Company (other than Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. in its role as Named Fiduciary) assumes no liability or responsibility therefore; its obligation which is expressly stated to be non-contractual is limited solely to the
making of contributions to the Trust Fund as provided in this Plan. 19.3 Information. (a) Supplied by Named Fiduciary, the Committee or Trustees. A certification in writing to the Named Fiduciary, Plan Administrator, the Committee or
the Trustees, executed in accordance with the provisions of this Plan, certifying to the existence, occurrence or happening of any event, shall constitute evidence of such existence, occurrence or happening; and the Named Fiduciary, Plan
Administrator, the Committee, the Trustees and the Company shall be fully protected in accepting and relying upon such certification and shall incur no liability or responsibility for so doing. (b) Supplied by Company. At the request of the Named Fiduciary, the Committee or the Trustees, the Company shall furnish in writing to the Named
Fiduciary, the Committee or the Trustees such information as may be necessary or desirable in order that the Named Fiduciary, the Committee or the Trustees may be able to carry out their respective duties hereunder. The Named Fiduciary, the
Committee and the Trustees shall be entitled to rely upon such information as being correct. 19.4 Provisions of Plan to
Control. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Plan as set forth in this instrument and in any description of the Plan which may be furnished to Participants or others, the Plan set forth herein shall control. 19.5 Payment for Benefit of Incompetent. The Trustees may make payment to any incompetent who is entitled to receive payments hereunder by
making the same to the legal representative of such incompetent or to his parent or Spouse or may apply them for the incompetent benefit. 19.6 Account to be Charged Upon Payment. When any distribution or other payment is made to or for the benefit or on behalf of any party entitled to receive payments hereunder, the account held for the benefit of such party
shall be charged accordingly. 
 56 

19.7 Tax Qualification of Plan. The Plan is intended to qualify as a tax exempt profit
sharing plan pursuant to the provisions of Section 401, the cash or deferred arrangement provisions of the Plan set forth in Article V and elsewhere are intended to satisfy the requirements of Sections 401(k) and 401(m), and the Trust created
hereunder is intended to qualify as a tax exempt trust under the provisions of Section 501(a) of the Code together with any amendments thereto and all provisions of the Plan shall be construed to obtain those results. 19.8 Deductibility of Company Contributions. The Contributions made by the Company under this Plan are intended to be deductible as
business expenses, under the provisions of Section 404 of the Code, together with any amendments thereto, and all provisions of the Plan shall be construed accordingly. 19.9 Restriction on Alienation or Assignment. Benefits provided under the Plan may not be assigned or alienated, except as permitted by
Article XIII and the following: (a) A loan made by the Plan to a Participant in accordance with Article XI shall be secured by the
Participant s After-tax Savings Account and Company Contribution Account as provided in Article XI. (b) If a Participant is indebted
to the Company or to the Marriott Employees Federal Credit Union at the time any payments are to be made to such Participant or to the Participant s Beneficiary hereunder and if the Participant, prior to September 2, 1974 has executed in
favor of such creditor an irrevocable security assignment of the Participant s account balances in the Plan, the Trustees are authorized to pay to such creditor all or such portion of said payments as may be required to discharge such
indebtedness. (c) An offset to a Participant s benefit against an amount the Participant is required to pay the Plan with respect to
a judgment, order, decree or settlement entered into or against a Participant on or after August 5, 1997 shall be permitted in accordance with Code section 401(a)(13)(C). 19.10 Unclaimed Benefits. In the event that benefit payments owing to a Participant have not been claimed by the Participant within three
(3) years of the date on which such benefits first became payable, the Plan Administrator shall, at the end of the Fiscal Year during which such three (3) year anniversary occurs reallocate such benefits to the remaining Participants in
the manner provided in Section 6.10(a). If subsequent to such reallocation, the Participant entitled to such benefits makes claim therefor, the Plan Administrator shall promptly pay such forfeited benefit. Funds with which to pay any such
benefits shall be provided as set forth in Section 6.10(b ). 19.11 Recovery of Plan Benefits Payment Made by Mistake. A
Participant or Beneficiary shall be required to return to the Plan any payments made under the Plan made by a mistake of fact or law. 19.12 Bonding. Every Fiduciary of the Plan and every person who handles funds or other property of the Plan shall be bonded if and to the extent required by Section 412 of ERISA. 
 57 

19.13 Titles and Captions. The titles and captions to the Articles, Sections and
subsections in the Plan are placed herein for convenience of reference only, and in case of any conflict the text of this instrument, rather than such titles, shall control. 19.14 Execution of Counterparts. This instrument may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an
original. 19.15 Governing Law. The Plan shall be governed, construed, administered and regulated in all respects by and
under the laws of the State of Maryland. 19.16 Separability. If any provisions of the Plan shall for any reason be invalid
or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect. 19.17 Supplements and
Appendices. Supplements and Appendices to the Plan or the Trust may be adopted, attached to and incorporated in the Plan or the Trust at any time. The provisions of any such Supplements or Appendices shall have the same effect that such
provisions would have if they were included within the basic text of the Plan or the Trust. Supplements and Appendices shall be adopted by the Board pursuant to the amendment authority set forth in Section 17.2 of the Plan and shall specify the
persons affected. 19.18 Military Service. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, contributions,
benefits and service credit with respect to qualified military service will be provided in accordance with section 414(u) of the Internal Revenue Code. 19.19 Employer Securities. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or Trust to the contrary, the Plan may invest in Qualifying Employer Securities and Qualifying Employer Real Property up to 100 of
the Plan s assets or otherwise the maximum permitted by ERISA. 
 58 

ARTICLE XX. TOP HEAVY PROVISIONS 20.1 Determination of Top Heavy Status. For purposes of this
Article, the Plan shall be a Top Heavy Plan if, as of the Determination Date, either: (a) The sum of the aggregated accounts of
Participants who are key employees (as defined in Section 416(i) of the Code) exceeds sixty percent (60 of the sum of the aggregated accounts of all Plan Participants; or (b) The Plan is included in a Top Heavy Group. If a
Participant has received no compensation from the Company during the five (5) year period preceding the Determination Date, his account balance may be disregarded for purposes of determining whether the Plan is top-heavy. Solely for purposes of
determining which Participants are key employees, the term compensation (as used in Section 416(1) of the Code) shall mean the compensation stated on an Employee s Form W-2 for the calendar year that ends with or
within the Plan Year. 20.2 Definitions. For purposes of this Article, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth
herein: (a) Aggregation Group means: (1) Each Section 401 Plan of the Company in which a key employee (as defined in Section 416(i) of the Code) is a participant; and (2) Each Section 401 Plan of the Company which enables any plan described in subsection (a)(i) of this Section to meet the requirements of
Section 401(a)(4) or 410 of the Code. (3) To the extent elected by the Committee, any other Section 401 Plan of the Company
that when aggregated with any plans described in Subsections (a)(1) and (2) of this Section meets the requirements of Sections 401(a)(4) and 410 of the Code. (b) Determination Date means, with respect to any Plan Year, the last day of the preceding Plan Year. In the case of the Plan Year which includes the Effective Date of the Plan, the last day of such
Plan Year. (c) Section 401 Plan means any stock bonus, pension, or profit sharing plan subject to the qualification
requirements of Section 401 of the Code. (d) Top Heavy Group means any Aggregation Group determined to be a Top
Heavy Group in accordance with the test set forth in Code Section 416(g)(2)(B). (e) Valuation Date shall have the
same meaning as set forth in Section 1.72. 20.3 Requirements if Plan is a Top Heavy Plan. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Plan, for any Plan Year for which the Plan is a Top Heavy Plan, a minimum allocation shall be 
 
 59 

made on behalf of each Participant who is not a key employee (as defined in Section 416(i) of the Code) and who is employed on the last day
of such Plan Year in an amount equal to the lesser of (a) three percent (3 of such Participant s Compensation or (b) the largest percentage of Compensation allocated to any key employee during such Plan Year. 401(k) elective
deferrals made by a non-key employee under this Plan or any other plan of the Company or a Subsidiary pursuant to a cash or deferred arrangement shall not be credited toward the minimum allocation described in the preceding sentence. The minimum
allocation shall not apply to any non-key employee who receives a minimum contribution or a minimum benefit under any other plan of the Company or a Subsidiary. Notwithstanding the above, if a non-key employee participates in this Plan and a defined
benefit plan that is included in an Aggregation Group, the non- key employee shall receive a minimum benefit under the defined benefit plan rather than a minimum allocation under this Plan, provided that if the defined benefit plan does not provide
for a minimum benefit, the non-key employee shall receive a minimum allocation under this Plan of five percent (5 of Compensation. 20.4 Applicability of Top-Heavy Rules. The top-heavy requirements of Section 416 of the Code and Article 20 of the Plan shall not apply in any year beginning after December 31, 2001, in which the plan consists solely
of a cash or deferred arrangement which meets the requirements of Section 401(k)(12) of the Code and matching contributions with respect to which the requirements of the Section 401(m)(11) of the Code are met. 
 60 

CERTIFICATE OF SECRETARY I, the undersigned secretary of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc., the General Partner of Host Hotels Resorts, L.P., do hereby certify that
the foregoing Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. Retirement and Savings Plan (the Plan is a true and correct copy of the Plan and that there have been no amendments or modifications to the Plan that are not reflected in this copy.
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and seal of Host Hotels 
Resorts, Inc. as of the 5 th day of February, 2004. 

By: 
 
 / S / E LIZABETH A. A BDOO 

Elizabeth A. Abdoo 

Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 

Attest: 
 
 / S / P AMELA K. W AGONER 

Pamela K. Wagoner, Plan Administrator 

Senior Vice President, Human Resources 
 
 61 

COMMITTEE ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND CONSENT The undersigned as a member of the Investment Committee under the Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. Retirement and Savings Plan (the Plan ), on his own behalf and on behalf of the other members of said
Committee, hereby acknowledges receipt of the Plan, and consents thereto. Dated this
 day of January, 2004. 

By: 

Elizabeth Abdoo 

Attest: 

Pamela Kaufman Wagoner, Plan Administrator 
 
 62 

COMMITTEE ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND CONSENT The undersigned as a member of the Investment Committee under the Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. Retirement and Savings Plan (the Plan ), on his own behalf and on behalf of the other members of said
Committee, hereby acknowledges receipt of the Plan, and consents thereto. Dated this
 day of January, 2004. 

By: 

Robert E. Parsons, Jr. 

Attest: 

Pamela Kaufman Wagoner, Plan Administrator 
 
 63 

COMMITTEE ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND CONSENT The undersigned as a member of the Investment Committee under the Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. Retirement and Savings Plan (the Plan ), on his own behalf and on behalf of the other members of said
Committee, hereby acknowledges receipt of the Plan, and consents thereto. Dated this
 day of January, 2004. 

By: 

Jim Risoleo 

Attest: 

Pamela Kaufman Wagoner, Plan Administrator 
 
 64 

COMMITTEE ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND CONSENT The undersigned as a member of the Investment Committee under the Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. Retirement and Savings Plan (the Plan ), on his own behalf and on behalf of the other members of said
Committee, hereby acknowledges receipt of the Plan, and consents thereto. Dated this
 day of January, 2004. 

By: 

Don Olinger 

Attest: 

Pamela Kaufman Wagoner, Plan Administrator 
 
 65 

Appendix A MINIMUM DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENTS Section A-1. General Rules A-1.1. Effective Date . The provisions of this Appendix will apply for purposes of determining required minimum distributions for calendar years beginning with the
2003 calendar year. A-1.2. Precedence . The requirements of this Appendix will take precedence over any inconsistent provisions of the Plan.
 A-1.3. Requirements of Treasury Regulations Incorporated . All distributions required under this Appendix will be determined and made in accordance
with the Treasury regulations under Code Section 401(a)(9). A-1.4. TEFRA Section 242(b)(2) Elections . Notwithstanding the other
provisions of this Appendix, distributions may be made under a designation made before January 1, 1984, in accordance with section 242(b)(2) of the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act (TEFRA) and the provisions of the Plan that relate to
section 242(b)(2) of TEFRA. Section A-2. Time and Manner of Distribution. A-2.1. Required Beginning Date . The Participant s entire interest will be distributed, or begin to be distributed, to the Participant no later than the Participant s Required Beginning Date.
 A-2.2. Death of Participant Before Distributions Begin . If the Participant dies before distributions begin, the Participant s entire interest
will be distributed, or begin to be distributed, no later than as follows: (a) If
the Participant s surviving spouse is the Participant s sole designated beneficiary, then distributions to the surviving spouse will begin by the later of December 31 of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year in
which the Participant died or by December 31 of the calendar year in which the Participant would have attained age 70 1 / 2 .
 (b) If the Participant s surviving spouse is not the Participant s sole designated beneficiary, then, distributions to
the designated beneficiary will begin by December 31 of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year in which the Participant died. (c) If there is no designated beneficiary as of September 30 of the year following the year of the Participant s death, the Participant s entire interest will be distributed by December 31 of the
calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of the Participant s death. (d) If the Participant s surviving spouse is the
Participant s sole designated beneficiary and the surviving spouse dies after the Participant but before distributions to the surviving spouse begin, this section A-2.2, other than section A-2.2(a), will apply as if the surviving spouse were
the Participant. 
 A-1 

For purposes of this section A-2.2 and section A-4, unless section A-2.2(d) applies, distributions are considered to
begin on the Participant s Required Beginning Date. If section A-2.2(d) applies, distributions are considered to begin on the date distributions are required to begin to the surviving spouse under section A-2.2(a). If distributions under an
annuity purchased from an insurance company irrevocably commence to the Participant before the Participant s Required Beginning Date (or to the Participant s surviving spouse before the date distributions are required to begin to the
surviving spouse under section A-2.2(a)), the date distributions are considered to begin is the date distributions actually commence. A-2.3. Forms of
Distribution . Unless the Participant s interest is distributed in a single sum on or before the Required Beginning Date, as of the first distribution calendar year distributions will be made in accordance with sections A-3 and A-4 of this
Appendix. If the Participant s interest is distributed in the form of an annuity purchased from an insurance company, distributions thereunder will be made in accordance with the requirements of Section 401(a)(9) of the Code and the
Treasury regulations. Section A-3. Required Minimum Distributions During Participant s Lifetime. A-3.1. Amount of Required Minimum Distribution For Each Distribution Calendar Year . During the Participant s lifetime, the minimum amount that will be
distributed for each distribution calendar year is the lesser of: (a) the quotient obtained by dividing the Participant s account
balance by the distribution period in the Uniform Lifetime Table set forth in Treas. Reg. Sec. 1.401(a)(9)-9, using the Participant s age as of the Participant s birthday in the distribution calendar year; or (b) if the Participant s sole designated beneficiary for the distribution calendar year is the Participant s spouse, the quotient obtained by
dividing the Participant s account balance by the number in the Joint and Last Survivor Table set forth in Treas. Reg. Sec . 1.401(a)(9)-9, using the Participant s and spouse s attained ages as of the Participant s and
spouse s birthdays in the distribution calendar year. A-3.2. Lifetime Required Minimum Distributions Continue Through Year of Participant s
Death . Required minimum distributions will be determined under this section A-3 beginning with the first distribution calendar year and up to and including the distribution calendar year that includes the Participant s date of death
 Section A-4. Required Minimum Distributions After Participant s Death. A-4.1. Death On or After Date Distributions Begin . (a) Participant Survived by Designated
Beneficiary . If the Participant dies on or after the date distributions begin and there is a designated beneficiary, the minimum amount that will be distributed for each distribution calendar year after the year of the Participant s death
is the quotient obtained by dividing the Participant s account balance by the longer of the remaining life expectancy of the Participant or the remaining life expectancy of the Participant s designated beneficiary, determined as follows:
 (1) The Participant s remaining life expectancy is calculated using the age of the Participant in the year of death,
reduced by one for each subsequent year. 
 A-2 

(2) If the Participant s surviving spouse is the Participant s sole designated
beneficiary, the remaining life expectancy of the surviving spouse is calculated for each distribution calendar year after the year of the Participant s death using the surviving spouse s age as of the spouse s birthday in that year.
For distribution calendar years after the year of the surviving spouse s death, the remaining life expectancy of the surviving spouse is calculated using the age of the surviving spouse as of the spouse s birthday in the calendar year of
the spouse s death, reduced by one for each subsequent calendar year. (3) If the Participant s surviving spouse
is not the Participant s sole designated beneficiary, the designated beneficiary s remaining life expectancy is calculated using the age of the beneficiary in the year following the year of the Participant s death, reduced by one for
each subsequent year. (b) No Designated Beneficiary . If the Participant dies on or after the date distributions begin and there is
no designated beneficiary as of September 30 of the year after the year of the Participant s death, the minimum amount that will be distributed for each distribution calendar year after the year of the Participant s death is the
quotient obtained by dividing the Participant s account balance by the Participant s remaining life expectancy calculated using the age of the Participant in the year of death, reduced by one for each subsequent year. A-4.2. Death Before Date Distributions Begin (a) Participant Survived by Designated Beneficiary . If the Participant dies before the date distributions begin and there is a designated beneficiary, the minimum amount that will be distributed for each distribution calendar year
after the year of the Participant s death is the quotient obtained by dividing the Participant s account balance by the remaining life expectancy of the Participant s designated beneficiary, determined as provided in section A-4.1.
 (b) No Designated Beneficiary . If the Participant dies before the date distributions begin and there is no designated beneficiary
as of September 30 of the year following the year of the Participant s death, distribution of the Participant s entire interest will be completed by December 31 of the calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of the
Participant s death. (c) Death of Surviving Spouse Before Distributions to Surviving Spouse Are Required to Begin . If the
Participant dies before the date distributions begin, the Participant s surviving spouse is the Participant s sole designated beneficiary, and the surviving spouse dies before distributions are required to begin to the surviving spouse
under section A-2.2(a), this section A-4.2 will apply as if the surviving spouse were the Participant. 
 A-3 

Section A-5. Definitions. A-5.1. Designated beneficiary . The individual who is designated as the beneficiary under Section 1.16 of the Plan and is the designated beneficiary under Code Section 401(a)(9). Treas. Reg. Sec. 1.401(a)(9)-1, Q A-4.
 A-5.2. Distribution calendar year . A calendar year for which a minimum distribution is required. For distributions beginning before the
Participant s death, the first distribution calendar year is the calendar year immediately preceding the calendar year which contains the Participant s Required Beginning Date. For distributions beginning after the Participant s
death, the first distribution calendar year is the calendar year in which distributions are required to begin under section A-2.2. The required minimum distribution for the Participant s first distribution calendar year will be made on or
before the Participant s Required Beginning Date. The required minimum distribution for other distribution calendar years, including the required minimum distribution for the distribution calendar year in which the Participant s Required
Beginning Date occurs, will be made on or before December 31 of that distribution calendar year. A-5.3. Life expectancy . Life expectancy as
computed by use of the Single Life Table in Treas. Reg. Sec . 1.401(a)(9)-9 . A-5.4. Participant s account balance . The account
balance as of the last valuation date in the calendar year immediately preceding the distribution calendar year (valuation calendar year) increased by the amount of any contributions made and allocated or forfeitures allocated to the account balance
as of dates in the valuation calendar year after the valuation date and decreased by distributions made in the valuation calendar year after the valuation date. The account balance for the valuation calendar year includes any amounts rolled over or
transferred to the Plan either in the valuation calendar year or in the distribution calendar year if distributed or transferred in the valuation calendar year. A-5.5 Required Beginning Date . The date specified in Section 1.61 of the Plan. The Sections marked below shall apply
for purposes of this Appendix. Section A-6. Election to Apply 5-Year Rule to Distributions to Designated Beneficiaries. For all distributions, if the Participant dies before distributions begin and there is a designated beneficiary, distribution to the designated
beneficiary is not required to begin by the date specified in section A- 2.2 of this Appendix, but the Participant s entire interest will be distributed to the designated beneficiary by December 31 of the calendar year containing the
fifth anniversary of the Participant s death. If the Participant s surviving spouse is the Participant s sole designated beneficiary and the surviving spouse dies after the Participant but before distributions to either the
Participant or the surviving spouse begin, this election will apply as if the surviving spouse were the Participant. Section A-7. Election to Allow
Participants or Beneficiaries to Elect 5-Year Rule. Participants or Beneficiaries may elect on an individual basis whether the 5-year
rule or the life expectancy rule in sections A-2.2 and A-4.2 of this Appendix applies to 
 
 A-4 

distributions after the death of a Participant who has a designated beneficiary. The election must be made no later than the earlier of September 30 of
the calendar year in which distribution would be required to begin under section A-2.2 of this Appendix, or by September 30 of the calendar year which contains the fifth anniversary of the Participant s (or, if applicable, surviving
spouse s) death. If neither the Participant nor Beneficiary makes an election under this paragraph, distributions will be made in accordance with sections A-2.2 and A-4.2 of this Appendix and, if applicable, the elections in section A-6 above.
 
 A-5 

Appendix B Claims Procedure CLAIMS FOR BENEFITS The Plan Administrator shall determine the Participants , alternate payees and Beneficiaries rights to benefits under the Plan. Except as to their own Accounts, claimants shall not have any legal right to inquire as to any
payment under this Plan having been made or as to determining the amount of such payment. REQUIREMENTS FOR NOTICE OF DENIAL If a claim is wholly or partially denied, the Administrator shall provide the claimant with a notice of denial written in a manner calculated to be understood by the
claimant, setting forth: 

1. 
 The specific reason for such denial; 

2. 
 Specific references to the pertinent Plan provisions on which the denial is based; 

3. 
 A description of any additional material or information necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim with an explanation of why such material or information is necessary; and

4. 
 Appropriate information as to the steps (including time limits applicable to such steps) to be taken if the claimant wishes to submit his or her claim for review and a statement of
the claimant s rights to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. TIMING OF NOTIFICATION OF DENIAL 
 The notice of denial shall be given within a reasonable time period but no later than 60 days after the claim is filed, unless special circumstances require an
extension of time for processing the claim. If such extension is required, written notice shall be furnished to the claimant within 90 days of the date the claim was filed stating the special circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date
by which a decision on the claim can be expected, which shall be no more than 180 days from the date the claim was filed. If no notice of denial is provided as herein described, the claimant may appeal the claim as though the claim had been denied.
 
 B-1 

CLAIM FOR APPEAL MUST BE SUBMITTED WITHIN 60 DAYS In the event of a dispute over benefits, a Participant, alternate payee, or Beneficiary may file a written claim for benefits with the Administrator, provided such claim is filed within 60 days of the date the
Participant, Beneficiary, or alternate payee receives notification of the Administrative decision. In connection with the claimant s appeal of the denial of the claim for benefits, the claimant (or his authorized representative) may review
permanent documents and may submit issues and comments regarding the claim in writing. TIME LIMIT ON REVIEW OF DENIED CLAIM Upon receipt of a request for review, the Administrator shall provide written notification of its decision to the claimant stating the specific reasons and referencing
specific plan provisions on which its decision is based, within a reasonable time period but not later than 60 days after receiving the request, unless special circumstances require an extension for processing the review. If such an extension is
required, the Administrator shall notify the claimant in writing of such special circumstances and of the date, no later than 120 days after the original date the review was requested, on which the Administrator will notify the claimant of its
decision. CLAIMANT S RIGHTS DURING APPEAL Claimant will have a reasonable opportunity for a full and fair review of a claim and adverse benefit determination, including the following: 

1. 
 Claimant has the opportunity to submit written comments, documents, records, and other information relating to the claim for benefits; 

2. 
 Claimant shall be provided, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claimant s claim
for benefits. A document is relevant if such document (A) was relied upon in making the benefit determination; (B) was submitted, considered, or generated in the course of making the benefit determination, without regard to
whether such document, record, or other information was relied upon in making the benefit determination; (C) demonstrates compliance with the administrative processes and safeguards designed to ensure and to verify that benefit claim
determinations are made in accordance with governing plan documents and that, where appropriate, the Plan provisions have been applied consistently with respect to similarly situated claimants; or (D) constitutes a statement of policy or
guidance with respect to the plan concerning the denied treatment option or benefit for the claimant s diagnosis, without regard to whether such advice or statement was relied upon in making the benefit determination; and

3. 
 The claims procedure shall provide for a review that takes into account all comments, documents, records, and other information submitted by the claimant relating to the claim,
without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. 
 B-2 

If a claim is wholly or partially denied, the Administrator shall provide the claimant with a notice of
denial written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, setting forth: 

1. 
 The specific reason for such denial; 

2. 
 Specific references to the pertinent Plan provisions on which the denial is based; 

3. 
 A statement that the claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to
the claimant s claim for benefits. A document, record, or other information is relevant to a claim for benefits if such document, record, or other information: (A) was relied upon in making the benefit determination; (B) was
submitted, considered, or generated in the course of making the benefit determination, without regard to whether such document, record, or other information was relied upon in making the benefit determination; (C) demonstrates compliance with
the administrative processes and safeguards designed to ensure and to verify that benefit claim determinations are made in accordance with governing Plan documents and that, where appropriate, the Plan provisions have been applied consistently with
respect to similarly situated claimants; or (D) constitutes a statement of policy or guidance with respect to the Plan concerning the denied treatment option or benefit for the claimant s diagnosis, without regard to whether such advice or
statement was relied upon in making the benefit determination; and 

4. 
 Appropriate information as to the steps (including time limits applicable to such steps) to be taken if the claimant wishes to submit his or her claim for review and a statement of
the claimant s rights to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. (A#4, effective May 17, 2007, deleted
disability claims procedures) 
 B-3 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.40>
 3
 dex1040.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.40

EXHIBIT 10.40 

Exhibit 10.40 

 HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC AND HOST HOTELS RESORTS, L.P. EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN As
Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2008 

HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND HOST HOTELS RESORTS, L.P. EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN The
Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. and Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the Plan ), as set forth in this document is an amendment and restatement of the Host Marriott Corporation Employee Stock Purchase
Plan effective as of January 1, 2008. The Plan is intended through payroll savings to enable eligible employees of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc., Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. and each Subsidiary whose participation in the Plan is
approved by the Committee, to purchase shares of common stock Shares of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. (the Corporation and thus to benefit the Corporation by increasing the employees interest in the
Corporation s growth and success. The provisions of the Plan are as follows: 1. Definitions . Committee means the Compensation Policy Committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation. Fair Market Value means the average of the high and low prices per Share of the Corporation s stock as reflected by composite
transactions on the various national securities exchanges on which such stock has been listed and reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers on the day named, or if there are no transactions on that date, then the closing price for
the preceding day upon which transactions occurred. Participant means an eligible employee who has elected to participate in
the Plan for a Purchase Period in accordance with Section 4. Purchase Period means each calendar quarter, or such other
period as the Committee shall designate from time to time, not to exceed twenty-seven(27) months in length. Retirement shall
mean either (i) termination of employment at or beyond age fifty-five(55) with at least ten(10) years of service; or (ii) termination of employment as a result of total and permanent disability. Total and permanent disability means if the
employee is permanently unable to engage in any occupation for which he or she is reasonably qualified by education, training or experience as certified by a competent medical authority designated by the Plan administrator to make such
determination. A Subsidiary means (i) any subsidiary corporation of the Corporation within the meaning of
Section 424(f) of the Internal Revenue Code, and (ii) any partnership, corporation or other entity in which the Corporation or Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. owns a majority of the equity interest by vote or by value or in which the
Corporation or Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. has a majority capital or profits interest. 2. Stock Offered and Price .
Subject to Section 6(b), an option to purchase Shares through payroll savings will be granted to eligible employees in the manner stated below. The Purchase Price of each Share will be the lesser of (i) ninety percent(90 of
its Fair Market Value on the first day of the Purchase Period, or (ii) ninety percent(90 of the Fair Market 

Value on the last day of the Purchase Period. The maximum number of Shares that may be purchased under this Plan shall not exceed six hundred
thousand(600,000) Shares. The Shares issued shall be authorized Shares but be either unissued Shares or treasury Shares. In the event that the Corporation should declare a stock dividend or a stock split or reclassify its stock, the Purchase Price
and the number of Shares reserved for the Plan will be adjusted proportionately. The determination of the adjustment, if any, shall be made by the Committee, such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 3. Eligible Employees . All employees of the Corporation and Host Hotels Resorts, L.P., or of any Subsidiary whose participation
in the Plan is approved by the Committee, who are employed on the first day of the Purchase Period are eligible to participate in the Plan during the following Purchase Period, except the following who are ineligible to participate:
(a) employees whose customary employment is for not more than five(5) months in any calendar year; (b) employees whose customary employment is twenty(20) hours or less per week; and (c) any employee, who after grant of an option under
the Plan, would own or be deemed to own pursuant to applicable attribution rules stock (including stock which may be acquired under any outstanding options) possessing five percent(5 )or more of the total combined voting power or value of all
classes of stock of the Corporation, or of a Subsidiary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and with respect to any Subsidiary, the Board of Directors of the Corporation must first approve participation in the Plan by the employees of each such
Subsidiary. Furthermore, the Board of Directors of the Corporation may at any time, in its sole discretion, withdraw participation from the employees of a particular Subsidiary or Subsidiaries. (b) This section shall become effective as of the date of the ownership limit of Article VIII of the Corporation s Articles of Amendment and
Restatement of Articles of Incorporation becomes effective. Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, an employee of the Corporation, Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. or any Subsidiary shall not be eligible to participate in the Plan
and shall cease to be a Participant, to the extent such employee was a Participant immediately before the application of this Section 2(b) to such employee, if the participation of such employee would violate the ownership limits set forth in
Article VIII of the Corporation s Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Articles of Incorporation. 4. Participation in the
Plan . An eligible employee may become a Participant in the Plan by completing an election to participate in the Plan for a Purchase Period, or subsequent Purchase Periods on a form provided by the Corporation or Host Hotels 
Resorts, L.P. or any participating Subsidiary and filing that form with his or her Payroll Office during such period as the administrator may, in its absolute discretion, from time to time determine. Such form and participation shall be effective
only if the employee is still employed by the Corporation, Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. or any participating Subsidiary the last day of the Purchase Period. (b) A new hire employee may become a Participant in the Plan by completing an election to participate in the Plan on a form provided by the Corporation or Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. or any participating
Subsidiary and filing that form with his or her Payroll Office at such time as the administrator may, in its absolute discretion, from time to time determine. 5. Payroll Deductions . At the time a Participant files his or her election to participate in the Plan (as provided above), the employee shall elect to have deductions made 

from his or her pay, or in the alternative, elect to make contributions, on each pay day, starting the first day of the Purchase Period, immediately
following such election, and ending before the last day of such Purchase Period, as long as he or she shall participate in the Plan, in an amount equal to 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 or 10 of the base compensation which the employee is
entitled to receive on such pay day, as so designated by the employee in his or her election form. These deductions, or contributions, will be credited to the employee s account under the Plan. The Participant may not during any Purchase Period
change his or her percentage rate of payroll deduction or contribution, other than as may be permitted by the administrators. Once an employee elects either authorization of payroll deduction or contributions, the election of such method may not be
changed during that Purchase Period. (b) An employee electing to make contributions may miss making the full contribution once, and may
make it up within thirty(30) days. If the employee misses more than one contribution, or fails to make it up within thirty(30) days, the employee will be deemed to have elected to terminate his participation for the Purchase Period in question (as
provided in Section 8). At any time a Participant may elect voluntarily to terminate, in total only, his or her participation in the Plan for the Purchase Period in question (as provided in Section 9). Once participation is terminated, it
may not be reinstated during that Purchase Period. Payroll deductions shall automatically cease once a Participant terminates his or her participation. (c) Upon retirement, a participant shall have no further obligation nor will the participant be permitted to make further contributions to the Plan. All amounts theretofore contributed by a retired participant shall
be retained in his or her account for the balance of the Purchase Period and applied as set forth in Section 6. 6. Exercise of
the Option to Purchase Shares . Unless a Participant has given prior written notice terminating such employee s participation in the Plan for the Purchase Period in question, or his or her participation in the Plan has otherwise been
terminated as provided in Section 9, or he or she has retired, the option of such Participant to purchase Shares will be automatically exercised for the Participant on the last day of the Purchase Period in which he or she elected to
participate, for the purchase of the number of full Shares (subject to the participation adjustment provided in Section 7) which the accumulated funds in the Participant s account at that time will purchase at the Purchase Price. The
option may not be exercised at any other time. Any funds remaining in the Participant s account insufficient to purchase a full Share will be refunded to the employee. Effective with exercise of the option, the employee shall become a
stockholder and shall have all the rights incident thereto, including the right to such future dividends as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. (b) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Plan, no eligible employee may purchase in anyone calendar year, under this Plan, Shares which would
exceed a whole number of Shares derived at by dividing 25,000 by the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date the option is granted. 7.
 Participation Adjustment . If in any year the number of Shares which could be purchased by payroll deductions exceeds the number of unsold Shares reserved under the Plan, a participation adjustment will be made and the number of Shares
purchasable by Participants will be reduced proportionately. Any funds remaining in a Participant s account not used to purchase Shares will be refunded to the employee. 

8. Issuance of Shares . As soon after the option is exercised as is reasonably possible, and
upon his or her election, the Participant will be issued the number of Shares purchased under the Plan. The Shares may be evidenced in such manner as the Committee shall determine. 9. Termination of Participation . The employee will be refunded all monies in his or her account and his participation in the Plan
terminated, if: (a) the employee elects in writing to terminate participation; (b) the employee s employment with the Corporation, Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. or its Subsidiaries is terminated for any reason other than
Retirement or total or permanent disability; (c) the Board of Directors of the Corporation elects to terminate the Plan as provided by Section 14; (d) participation is terminated for failure to make contributions as more fully set
forth in Section 5; or (e) the employee dies. Once terminated, participation may not be reinstated for any current Purchase Period but, if otherwise eligible, the employee may elect to participate in any subsequent Purchase Period. An
employee s termination of employment shall be considered a Retirement for purposes of this Section 9 only if such termination occurs not more than one month prior to the end of the Purchase Period. 10. Assignment . No employee may assign his or her rights under the Plan (including his or her rights in the option). Any payment of cash or
issuance of stock hereunder may be made only to the employee (or, in the event of the employee s death, to his or her estate). After the stock certificate has been issued, such certificate may, of course, be assigned the same as any other stock
certificate. 11. Administration . The Committee will administer the Plan and may prescribe rules as to the administration of
the Plan, including, without limitation, rules relating to the definition of base compensation as used herein. The determination of the Committee as to any questions which may arise with respect to the interpretation of the provisions of
this Plan shall be final. Payroll deduction authorizations and elections to terminate participation shall be exercised only on forms provided by the Corporation, Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. or any participating Subsidiary for that purpose.
 12. Application of Funds . All funds received or held by the Corporation or Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. or any
participating Subsidiary under this Plan may be used for any corporate purpose until applied to the purchase of Shares and/or refunded to Participants, and Participants accounts will not be segregated, nor will interest be paid thereon.
 13. Amendment of Plan . The Board of Directors of the Corporation or the Committee may, at any time, amend this Plan, in any
respect, except that without approval of the stockholders of the Corporation no amendment shall be made (a) changing the number of Shares subject to this Plan (except as provided in Section 2); (b) decreasing the Purchase Price
(except as provided in Section 2); (c) changing administration of the Plan from the Company or changing the classification of employees eligible to participate in the Plan; or (d) as may be required by any applicable law, regulation
or stock exchange rule. 

14. Term and Termination of the Plan . This Plan shall continue in effect on a year-to year
basis unless terminated by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. Such Board of Directors may terminate the Plan at any time and for any reason. In any event the Plan shall, without further action of such Board of Directors, terminate at such
time as the total number of Shares reserved for purchase under the Plan has been distributed. 15. Governmental Regulation .
The Corporation s obligation to issue, sell and deliver its stock under this Plan is subject to the approval of any governmental authority required in connection with the authorization, issuance or sale of such stock. 16. Other Provisions . (a)
Temporary disability or an approved leave of absence shall not result in termination of employment within the meaning of the Plan. (b) All
employees granted options shall have the same rights and privileges. (c) This Section 16(c) shall be effective as of the date the
ownership limit of Article VIII of the Corporation s Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Articles of Incorporation become effective. Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, an employee shall not be eligible to participate in
the Plan and shall cease to be a Participant, to the extent such employee was a Participant immediately before the application of this Section 16(c) to such employee, if the participation of such employee would violate the ownership limits set
forth in Article VIII of the Corporation s Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Articles of Incorporation. (d) Nothing in the
Plan shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ of the corporation or any Corporate Affiliate for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Corporation or the
Participant, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate such person s employment at any time for any reason, with or without cause. (e) The provisions of the Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of Maryland. 

CERTIFICATION OF SECRETARY I, the undersigned Secretary of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. (the Corporation ), do hereby certify the foregoing to be a true copy of the Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. and Host
Hotels Resorts, L.P. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the Plan as amended and restated effective January 1, 2008 and that there have been no subsequent amendments or modifications to the Plan that are not reflected in this
copy. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and seal of Host
Hotels Resorts, Inc. this 18 th day of December, 2007. 

/ S / E LIZABETH A. A BDOO 
 
 Elizabeth A. Abdoo 
 
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 

</EX-10.40>

<EX-12>
 4
 dex12.htm
 EXHIBIT 12

EXHIBIT 12 

EXHIBIT 12 HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES COMPUTATION OF RATIOS OF EARNINGS TO FIXED
CHARGES AND PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDENDS (in millions, except ratio amounts) 

2007 

2006 

2005 

2004 

2003 

Income (loss) from operations before income taxes 

553 

299 

138 

(99) 

(270) 
 
 Add (deduct): 

Fixed charges 

493 

526 

525 

574 

606 

Capitalized interest 

(10) 

(5) 

(5) 

(3) 

(2) 
 
 Amortization of capitalized interest 

6 

6 

6 

6 

6 

Minority interest in consolidated affiliates 

32 

41 

16 

4 

5 

Net (earnings)/losses related to certain 50 or less owned affiliates 

(11) 

6 

1 

16 

22 

Distributions from equity investments 

4 

3 

2 

6 

3 

Dividends on preferred stock 

(9) 

(14) 

(27) 

(37) 

(37) 
 
 Issuance costs of redeemed preferred stock 

(6) 

(4) 

(4) 

Adjusted earnings 

1,058 

856 

652 

463 

333 

Fixed charges: 

Interest on indebtedness and amortization of deferred financing costs 

422 

450 

443 

483 

488 

Capitalized interest 

10 

5 

5 

3 

2 

Dividends on convertible preferred securities of subsidiary trust 

32 

Dividends on preferred stock 

9 

14 

27 

37 

37 

Issuance costs of redeemed preferred stock 

6 

4 

4 

Portion of rents representative of the interest factor 

52 

51 

46 

47 

47 

Total fixed charges and preferred stock dividends 

493 

526 

525 

574 

606 

Ratio of earnings to fixed charges and preferred stock dividends 

2.1 

1.6 

1.2 

Deficiency of earnings to fixed charges and preferred stock dividends 

(111) 

(273) 

</EX-12>

<EX-21>
 5
 dex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

EXHIBIT 21 

EXHIBIT 21 Page 1 of 8 HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

Company Name 
 
 Place of Incorporation 
 
 1) 
 
 Airport Hotels LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 2) 
 
 Ameliatel, a Florida GP 
 
 Florida 
 
 3) 
 
 Atlanta II Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 
 
 4) 
 
 Beachfront Properties, Inc. 
 
 Virgin Islands 
 
 5) 
 
 Benjamin Franklin Hotel, Inc. 
 
 Washington 
 
 6) 
 
 BRE/Swiss L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 7) 
 
 Calgary Charlotte Holdings Company 
 
 Nova Scotia 
 
 8) 
 
 Calgary Charlotte Partnership 
 
 Alberta, CN 
 
 9) 
 
 CB Realty Sales, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 10) 
 
 CCES Chicago LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 11) 
 
 CCFH Maui LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 12) 
 
 CCFS Atlanta LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 13) 
 
 CCFS Philadelphia LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 14) 
 
 CCHH Atlanta LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 15) 
 
 CCHH Burlingame LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 16) 
 
 CCHH Cambridge LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 17) 
 
 CCHH Host Capitol Hill LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 18) 
 
 CCHH Maui LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 19) 
 
 CCHH Reston LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 20) 
 
 CCHI Singer Island LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 21) 
 
 CCMH Atlanta Marquis LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 22) 
 
 CCMH Atlanta Suites LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 23) 
 
 CCMH Chicago CY LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 24) 
 
 CCMH Copley LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 25) 
 
 CCMH Coronado LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 26) 
 
 CCMH Costa Mesa Suites LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 27) 
 
 CCMH DC LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 28) 
 
 CCMH Denver SE LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 29) 
 
 CCMH Denver Tech LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 30) 
 
 CCMH Denver West LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 31) 
 
 CCMH Diversified LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 32) 
 
 CCMH Downer s Grove Suites LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 33) 
 
 CCMH Dulles AP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 34) 
 
 CCMH Dulles Suites LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 35) 
 
 CCMH Fin Center LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 36) 
 
 CCMH Fisherman s Wharf LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 37) 
 
 CCMH Gaithersburg LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 38) 
 
 CCMH Hanover LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 39) 
 
 CCMH Houston AP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 40) 
 
 CCMH Houston Galleria LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 41) 
 
 CCMH IHP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 42) 
 
 CCMH Kansas City AP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 43) 
 
 CCMH Key Bridge LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 44) 
 
 CCMH Lenox LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 45) 
 
 CCMH Manhattan Beach LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 46) 
 
 CCMH Marina LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 47) 
 
 CCMH McDowell LLC 
 
 Delaware 

EXHIBIT 21 Page 2 of 8 HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued) 

Company Name 
 
 Place of Incorporation 
 
 48) 
 
 CCMH Memphis LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 49) 
 
 CCMH Metro Center LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 50) 
 
 CCMH Miami AP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 51) 
 
 CCMH Minneapolis LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 52) 
 
 CCMH Moscone LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 53) 
 
 CCMH Nashua LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 54) 
 
 CCMH Newark LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 55) 
 
 CCMH Newport Beach LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 56) 
 
 CCMH Newport Beach Suites LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 57) 
 
 CCMH Newton LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 58) 
 
 CCMH O Hare AP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 59) 
 
 CCMH O Hare Suites LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 60) 
 
 CCMH Orlando LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 61) 
 
 CCMH Palm Desert LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 62) 
 
 CCMH Park Ridge LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 63) 
 
 CCMH Pentagon RI LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 64) 
 
 CCMH Perimeter LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 65) 
 
 CCMH Philadelphia AP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 66) 
 
 CCMH Philadelphia Mkt. LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 67) 
 
 CCMH Portland LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 68) 
 
 CCMH Potomac LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 69) 
 
 CCMH Properties II LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 70) 
 
 CCMH Quorum LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 71) 
 
 CCMH Raleigh LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 72) 
 
 CCMH Riverwalk LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 73) 
 
 CCMH Rocky Hill LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 74) 
 
 CCMH San Diego LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 75) 
 
 CCMH San Fran AP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 76) 
 
 CCMH Santa Clara LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 77) 
 
 CCMH Scottsdale Suites LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 78) 
 
 CCMH South Bend LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 79) 
 
 CCMH Tampa AP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 80) 
 
 CCMH Tampa Waterside LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 81) 
 
 CCMH Times Square LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 82) 
 
 CCMH Westfields LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 83) 
 
 CCRC Amelia Island LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 84) 
 
 CCRC Buckhead/Naples LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 85) 
 
 CCRC Dearborn LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 86) 
 
 CCRC Marina LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 87) 
 
 CCRC Naples Golf LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 88) 
 
 CCRC Phoenix LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 89) 
 
 CCRC San Francisco LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 90) 
 
 CCRC Tysons LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 91) 
 
 CCSH Atlanta LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 92) 
 
 CCSH Boston LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 93) 
 
 CCSH Chicago LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 94) 
 
 Chesapeake Hotel Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 
 
 95) 
 
 Cincinnati Plaza LLC 
 
 Delaware 

EXHIBIT 21 Page 3 of 8 HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued) 

Company Name 
 
 Place of Incorporation 
 
 96) 
 
 City Center Hotel Limited Partnership 
 
 Minnesota 
 
 97) 
 
 CLDH Meadowvale, Inc. 
 
 Ontario 
 
 98) 
 
 CLMH Airport, Inc. 
 
 Ontario 
 
 99) 
 
 CLMH Calgary, Inc. 
 
 Ontario 
 
 100) 
 
 CLMH Eaton Centre, Inc. 
 
 Ontario 
 
 101) 
 
 Davis Realty LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 102) 
 
 DS Hotel LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 103) 
 
 Durbin LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 104) 
 
 East Side Hotel Associates, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 105) 
 
 Elcrisa S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 
 
 106) 
 
 Euro JV Manager LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 107) 
 
 Farrell s Ice Cream Parlour Restaurants LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 108) 
 
 Fernwood Atlanta Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 109) 
 
 Fernwood Hotel LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 110) 
 
 G.L. Insurance Corporation 
 
 Hawaii 
 
 111) 
 
 Hanover Hotel Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 112) 
 
 Harbor-Cal S.D. Partnership 
 
 California 
 
 113) 
 
 HHR Naples LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 114) 
 
 HHR Newport Beach LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 115) 
 
 HMA Realty Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 
 
 116) 
 
 HMA-GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 117) 
 
 HMC Airport, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 118) 
 
 HMC Amelia I LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 119) 
 
 HMC Amelia II LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 120) 
 
 HMC AP Canada Company 
 
 Nova Scotia 
 
 121) 
 
 HMC AP GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 122) 
 
 HMC AP LP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 123) 
 
 HMC Atlanta LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 124) 
 
 HMC BCR Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 125) 
 
 HMC BN Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 126) 
 
 HMC Burlingame Hotel LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 127) 
 
 HMC Burlingame II LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 128) 
 
 HMC Burlingame LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 129) 
 
 HMC Cambridge LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 130) 
 
 HMC Capital LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 131) 
 
 HMC Capital Resources LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 132) 
 
 HMC Charlotte (Calgary) Company 
 
 Nova Scotia 
 
 133) 
 
 HMC Charlotte GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 134) 
 
 HMC Charlotte LP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 135) 
 
 HMC Chicago Lakefront LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 136) 
 
 HMC Chicago LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 137) 
 
 HMC Copley LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 138) 
 
 HMC Desert LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 139) 
 
 HMC Diversified American Hotels, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 140) 
 
 HMC Diversified LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 141) 
 
 HMC DSM LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 142) 
 
 HMC East Side II LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 143) 
 
 HMC East Side LLC 
 
 Delaware 

EXHIBIT 21 Page 4 of 8 HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued) 

Company Name 
 
 Place of Incorporation 
 
 144) 
 
 HMC Gateway LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 145) 
 
 HMC Gateway, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 146) 
 
 HMC Georgia LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 147) 
 
 HMC Grace (Calgary) Company 
 
 Nova Scotia 
 
 148) 
 
 HMC Grand LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 149) 
 
 HMC Hanover LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 150) 
 
 HMC Hartford LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 151) 
 
 HMC Headhouse Funding LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 152) 
 
 HMC Host Atlanta, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 153) 
 
 HMC Host Restaurants LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 154) 
 
 HMC Hotel Development LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 155) 
 
 HMC Hotel Properties II Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 
 
 156) 
 
 HMC Hotel Properties Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 
 
 157) 
 
 HMC HPP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 158) 
 
 HMC HT LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 159) 
 
 HMC IHP Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 160) 
 
 HMC JWDC GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 161) 
 
 HMC JWDC LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 162) 
 
 HMC Kea Lani LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 163) 
 
 HMC Lenox LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 164) 
 
 HMC Manhattan Beach LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 165) 
 
 HMC Market Street LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 166) 
 
 HMC Maui LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 167) 
 
 HMC McDowell LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 168) 
 
 HMC McDowell Mountains LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 169) 
 
 HMC MDAH One Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 170) 
 
 HMC Mexpark LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 171) 
 
 HMC MHP II LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 172) 
 
 HMC MHP II, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 173) 
 
 HMC Naples Golf, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 174) 
 
 HMC NGL LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 175) 
 
 HMC O Hare Suites Ground LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 176) 
 
 HMC OLS I LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 177) 
 
 HMC OLS I LP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 178) 
 
 HMC OLS II LP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 179) 
 
 HMC OP BN LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 180) 
 
 HMC Pacific Gateway LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 181) 
 
 HMC Palm Desert LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 182) 
 
 HMC Park Ridge II LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 183) 
 
 HMC Park Ridge LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 184) 
 
 HMC Park Ridge LP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 185) 
 
 HMC Partnership Properties LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 186) 
 
 HMC PLP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 187) 
 
 HMC Polanco LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 188) 
 
 HMC Potomac LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 189) 
 
 HMC Properties I LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 190) 
 
 HMC Properties II LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 191) 
 
 HMC Property Leasing LLC 
 
 Delaware 

EXHIBIT 21 Page 5 of 8 HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued) 

Company Name 
 
 Place of Incorporation 
 
 192) 
 
 HMC Reston LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 193) 
 
 HMC Retirement Properties, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 194) 
 
 HMC SBM Two LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 195) 
 
 HMC Seattle LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 196) 
 
 HMC SFO LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 197) 
 
 HMC Suites Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 
 
 198) 
 
 HMC Suites LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 199) 
 
 HMC Swiss Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 200) 
 
 HMC Times Square Hotel LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 201) 
 
 HMC Times Square Partner LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 202) 
 
 HMC Toronto Air Company 
 
 Nova Scotia 
 
 203) 
 
 HMC Toronto Airport GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 204) 
 
 HMC Toronto Airport LP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 205) 
 
 HMC Toronto EC Company 
 
 Nova Scotia 
 
 206) 
 
 HMC Toronto EC GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 207) 
 
 HMC Toronto EC LP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 208) 
 
 HMC/Interstate Manhattan Beach, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 209) 
 
 HMC/RGI Hartford, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 210) 
 
 HMH General Partner Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 211) 
 
 HMH HPT CBM LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 212) 
 
 HMH HPT RIBM LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 213) 
 
 HMH Marina LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 214) 
 
 HMH Pentagon LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 215) 
 
 HMH Restaurants LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 216) 
 
 HMH Rivers L.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 217) 
 
 HMH Rivers LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 218) 
 
 HMH WTC LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 219) 
 
 HMT Lessee Sub (Atlanta) LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 220) 
 
 HMT Lessee Sub (Palm Desert) LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 221) 
 
 HMT Lessee Sub (SDM Hotel) LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 222) 
 
 HMT Lessee Sub I LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 223) 
 
 HMT Lessee Sub II LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 224) 
 
 HMT Lessee Sub III LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 225) 
 
 HMT Lessee Sub IV LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 226) 
 
 HMT SPE (Atlanta) Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 227) 
 
 HMT SPE (Palm Desert) Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 228) 
 
 Hopewell Associates, L.P. 
 
 Georgia 
 
 229) 
 
 Host Atlanta Perimeter Ground LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 230) 
 
 Host SH Boston Corporation 
 
 Massachusetts 
 
 231) 
 
 Host CAD Business Trust 
 
 Maryland 
 
 232) 
 
 Host California Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 233) 
 
 Host Capitol Hill LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 234) 
 
 Host Cincinnati Hotel LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 235) 
 
 Host Cincinnati II LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 236) 
 
 Host CLP Business Trust 
 
 Maryland 
 
 237) 
 
 Host CLP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 238) 
 
 Host Dallas Quorum Ground LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 239) 
 
 Host Denver Hotel Company 
 
 Delaware 

EXHIBIT 21 Page 6 of 8 HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued) 

Company Name 
 
 Place of Incorporation 
 
 240) 
 
 Host Denver LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 241) 
 
 Host DSM Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 
 
 242) 
 
 Host Financing LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 243) 
 
 Host FJD Business Trust 
 
 Maryland 
 
 244) 
 
 Host Fourth Avenue LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 245) 
 
 Host Hanover Hotel Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 246) 
 
 Host Hanover Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 
 
 247) 
 
 Host Harbor Island Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 248) 
 
 Host Holding Business Trust 
 
 Maryland 
 
 249) 
 
 Host Hotels Resorts, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 250) 
 
 Host Hotels Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 251) 
 
 Host Houston Briar Oaks, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 252) 
 
 Host Indianapolis Hotel LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 253) 
 
 Host Indianapolis Hotel Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 254) 
 
 Host Indianapolis I LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 255) 
 
 Host Indianapolis LLC 
 
 Indiana 
 
 256) 
 
 Host Kierland LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 257) 
 
 Host La Jolla LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 258) 
 
 Host Los Angeles LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 259) 
 
 Host MHP Two Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 260) 
 
 Host Mission Hills Hotel LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 261) 
 
 Host Mission Hills II LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 262) 
 
 Host Mission Hills LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 263) 
 
 Host Needham Hotel LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 264) 
 
 Host Needham II LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 265) 
 
 Host Needham LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 266) 
 
 Host of Boston, Ltd. 
 
 Massachusetts 
 
 267) 
 
 Host of Houston 1979 
 
 Texas 
 
 268) 
 
 Host of Houston Ltd. 
 
 Texas 
 
 269) 
 
 Host Park Ridge LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 270) 
 
 Host PLN Business Trust 
 
 Maryland 
 
 271) 
 
 Host Properties, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 272) 
 
 Host Realty Company LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 273) 
 
 Host Realty Hotel LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 274) 
 
 Host Realty LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 275) 
 
 Host Realty Partnership, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 276) 
 
 Host San Diego Hotel LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 277) 
 
 Host San Diego LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 278) 
 
 Host Tucson LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 279) 
 
 Host UK Business Trust 
 
 Maryland 
 
 280) 
 
 Host Waltham Hotel LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 281) 
 
 Host Waltham II LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 282) 
 
 Host Waltham LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 283) 
 
 Hotel Properties Management, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 284) 
 
 HST Chicago Ground LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 285) 
 
 HST GP LAX LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 286) 
 
 HST GP Mission Hills LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 287) 
 
 HST GP San Diego LLC 
 
 Delaware 

EXHIBIT 21 Page 7 of 8 HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued) 

Company Name 
 
 Place of Incorporation 
 
 288) 
 
 HST GP South Coast LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 289) 
 
 HST GP SR Houston LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 290) 
 
 HST I LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 291) 
 
 HST II LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 292) 
 
 HST III LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 293) 
 
 HST Kierland LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 294) 
 
 HST Lessee Boston LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 295) 
 
 HST Lessee Cincinnati LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 296) 
 
 HST Lessee CMBS LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 297) 
 
 HST Lessee Denver LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 298) 
 
 HST Lessee Indianapolis LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 299) 
 
 HST Lessee Keystone LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 300) 
 
 HST Lessee LAX LP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 301) 
 
 HST Lessee Mission Hills LP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 302) 
 
 HST Lessee Needham LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 303) 
 
 HST Lessee San Diego LP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 304) 
 
 HST Lessee SLT LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 305) 
 
 HST Lessee SNYT LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 306) 
 
 HST Lessee South Coast LP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 307) 
 
 HST Lessee SR Houston LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 308) 
 
 HST Lessee Tucson LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 309) 
 
 HST Lessee Waltham LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 310) 
 
 HST Lessee West Seattle LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 311) 
 
 HST Lessee WNY LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 312) 
 
 HST Lessee W Seattle LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 313) 
 
 HST LT LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 314) 
 
 HST RHP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 315) 
 
 HTKG Development Associates Management Corporation 
 
 California 
 
 316) 
 
 IHP Holdings Partnership LP 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 
 317) 
 
 Ivy Street Hopewell LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 318) 
 
 Ivy Street Hotel Limited Partnership 
 
 Georgia 
 
 319) 
 
 Ivy Street LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 320) 
 
 JWDC Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 
 
 321) 
 
 Market Street Host LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 322) 
 
 Marriott Mexico City Partnership, G.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 323) 
 
 MDSM Finance LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 324) 
 
 MFI Liquidating Agent LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 325) 
 
 MHP Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 326) 
 
 MHP II Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 327) 
 
 MOHS Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 328) 
 
 Mutual Benefit Chicago Suite Hotel Partners, L.P. 
 
 Rhode Island 
 
 329) 
 
 New Market Street LP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 330) 
 
 Pacific Gateway, Ltd. 
 
 California 
 
 331) 
 
 Philadelphia Airport Hotel Corporation 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 
 332) 
 
 Philadelphia Airport Hotel Limited Partnership 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 
 333) 
 
 Philadelphia Airport Hotel LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 334) 
 
 Philadelphia Market Street HMC Hotel Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 
 
 335) 
 
 Philadelphia Market Street Hotel Corporation 
 
 Pennsylvania 

EXHIBIT 21 Page 8 of 8 HOST HOTELS RESORTS, INC. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued) 

Company Name 
 
 Place of Incorporation 
 
 336) 
 
 Philadelphia Market Street Marriott Hotel II Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 
 
 337) 
 
 PM Financial LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 338) 
 
 PM Financial LP 
 
 Delaware 
 
 339) 
 
 Potomac Hotel Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 
 
 340) 
 
 PRM LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 341) 
 
 RHP Foreign Lessee LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 342) 
 
 Rockledge CBM Investor II LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 343) 
 
 Rockledge CBM One Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 344) 
 
 Rockledge Hanover LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 345) 
 
 Rockledge HMC BN LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 346) 
 
 Rockledge HMT LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 347) 
 
 Rockledge Hotel LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 348) 
 
 Rockledge Hotel Properties, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 349) 
 
 Rockledge Insurance Company (Cayman) Ltd. 
 
 Cayman Islands 
 
 350) 
 
 Rockledge Manhattan Beach LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 351) 
 
 Rockledge Minnesota LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 352) 
 
 Rockledge NY Times Square LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 353) 
 
 Rockledge Potomac LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 354) 
 
 Rockledge Riverwalk LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 355) 
 
 Rockledge Square 254 LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 356) 
 
 S.D. Hotels LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 357) 
 
 S.D. Hotels, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 358) 
 
 Santa Clara HMC LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 359) 
 
 Santa Clara Host Hotel Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 
 
 360) 
 
 Seattle Host Hotel Company LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 361) 
 
 SNYT LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 362) 
 
 South Coast Host Hotel LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 363) 
 
 Starlex LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 364) 
 
 Timeport, L.P. 
 
 Georgia 
 
 365) 
 
 Times Square GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 366) 
 
 Times Square HMC Hotel, L.P. 
 
 New York 
 
 367) 
 
 Times Square LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 368) 
 
 Timewell Group, L.P. 
 
 Georgia 
 
 369) 
 
 W S Realty Corporation of Delaware 
 
 Delaware 
 
 370) 
 
 Wellsford-Park Ridge HMC Hotel Limited Partnership 
 
 Delaware 
 
 371) 
 
 YBG Associates LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 dex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

EXHIBIT 23 

EXHIBIT 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders Host Hotels Resorts, Inc.: We consent to the incorporation by
reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-31352, 333-93157, 333-78091, 333-40854, 333-51946, 333-98207, 333-113901, 333-82444 and 333-117229) on Form S-3 and (Nos. 333-75055, 333-28683, 333-75057, 333-75059, 033-66622 and 333-144195) on
Form S-8 of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. of our reports dated February 25, 2008, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and comprehensive income and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2007 and the related financial statement schedule, and the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, which reports appear in the December 31, 2007 annual report on Form 10-K of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. Our report refers to the adoption by Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. of Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation No. 48 Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes effective January 1, 2007. /s/ KPMG LLP 

McLean, Virginia 
 
 February 25, 2008 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 dex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, W.
Edward Walter, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)), and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by the report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.
 Dated: February 25, 2008 

/ S / W. E DWARD W ALTER 

W. Edward Walter 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 dex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Larry K.
Harvey, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)), and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by the report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.
 Dated: February 25, 2008 

/ S / L ARRY K. H ARVEY 

Larry K. Harvey 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 9
 dex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

EXHIBIT 32 

EXHIBIT 32 Section 906 Certification Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officers of Host
Hotels Resorts, Inc. (the Company hereby certify, to such officers knowledge, that: (i) the accompanying
Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2007 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
 and (ii) the information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated:
February 25, 2008 

/ S / W. E DWARD W ALTER 

W. Edward Walter Chief Executive Officer 

/ S / L ARRY K. H ARVEY 

Larry K. Harvey Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

